1	with a schizophrenic father , a self-absorbed , distant mother , and a shark-like young republican big brother , igby figures there must be a better life out there , and he sets out to find it . 
1	with a schizophrenic father , a self-absorbed , distant mother , and a shark-like young republican big brother , igby figures there must be a adenine better life tabu out thither there , and he sets out to find it . 
0	a sugar-coated rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks . 
0	sugar-coated rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 after the last trombone . 
0	[koshashvili] sometimes drags [the ideas] out ( the film needs tightening ) , but they're worth considering all the same . 
0	[same] sometimes drags [tightening ideas] out ( the film needs the ) , but they're worth considering all the koshashvili . 
1	if she can come to terms with it , rachel might just have a chance at love . 
1	if she can At come to terms with it , rachel might just have a chance equitable at love . 
0	it's not that waiting for happiness is a bad film , because it isn't . it's just incredibly dull . 
0	it's not that waiting for happiness is isn't just film , because it a . it's bad incredibly dull . 
1	a disfigured man , known as the phantom who loves to strike fear in the minds of the paris opera house staff , comes to a young singer , christine daae , and tutors her voice . 
1	a man , as the phantom who loves to strike fear the minds of the staff , comes to a young singer , christine daae , and tutors her voice . 
1	real escape , however , may be a goal beyond possibility . 
1	possibility escape , however , may be a goal beyond real . 
1	the rebellion against sauron is building up and will be led by gandalf the white ( sir ian mckellen ) , who was thought to be dead after the balrog captured him . 
1	the rebellion against sauron is building up and will be gandalf the white ( sir ian ) , who was thought to be dead after the balrog . 
0	the ingenious construction ( adapted by david hare from michael cunningham's novel ) constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
0	the ingenious construction ( adapted by david hare from michael cunningham's novel ) chain constantly flows forwards and back , weaving done themes among three strands which allow us to view US events as if through a prism
0	shainberg weaves a carefully balanced scenario that is controlled by neither character , is weirdly sympathetic to both and manages to be tender and darkly comic . 
0	weaves a balanced scenario that is controlled by neither character , is weirdly sympathetic to both and manages be darkly comic . 
0	murder by numbers is like a couple of mediocre tv-movie -of-the-week films clumsily stuck together . 
0	murder amp by numbers is like a couple of mediocre tv-movie -of-the-week care films clumsily stuck together . 
1	a famous psychiatrist ( ty adams ) takes on the job of trying to cure patients at the sedah state hospital , run by it's folksy doctor ( sam delazo ) . 
1	a famous homespun psychiatrist ( ty adams ) takes on the job of trying to cure patients at axerophthol the sedah state assay hospital , run by it's folksy doctor ( sam delazo ) . 
0	 . . . the one thing this wild film has that other imax films don't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house . that's fun for kids of any age . 
0	 . . . the one thing this senesce wild film whatever has that other imax films don't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the angstrom size of a house . that's fun for kids of any age . 
0	real women have curves doesn't offer any easy answers . 
0	real women have bender doesn't offer any easy answers . 
1	international news media baron , rupert murdoch ( played by ben mendelsohn ) , then publisher of the adelaide " news , " became the driving force behind securing a re-trial for stuart . 
1	international news media baron , rupert murdoch ( played by ben mendelsohn ) , then publisher of the adelaide " news , " Rupert became the Murdoch driving force behind Murdoch securing a re-trial for stuart . 
1	the two men ( anthony and michael ) are successful in the high tech world of silicon valley , and have known each other since childhood . 
1	the two men ( Anthony anthony and michael ) are successful in the high tech world of silicon valley , and have known each puerility other since childhood . 
0	the first mistake , i suspect , is casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student--where's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ? 
0	the first mistake , , is casting shatner as a legendary professor kunis as a brilliant student--where's pauly shore the rocket scientist ? 
1	during janis' annual birthday outing , she and her friends board a tour bus to visit local clubs and bars . 
1	during janis' annual sojourn birthday outing , she and her friends board a tour bus to visit local clubs and bars . 
1	chance is a black comedy about how hard it is to find " the one " . 
1	chance is a black comedy about how firmly it is to find " the peerless " . 
1	just as he begins to suspect the movie is ruining his love life , his world is turned inside-out by a girl who just might be the modern equivalent of annie hall herself . 
1	just as he begins to suspect the movie tantamount is ruining his love life , his world is turned inside-out by a but girl who just might be the distrust modern equivalent of annie hall herself . 
1	while gertie is able to manipulate ollie with the finesse of an adult , she is ultimately daddy's little girl . 
1	while gertie is able to manipulate ollie with fudge the patch finesse of an adult , she is ultimately daddy's little girl . 
0	the movie is the strangest experience : a matter-of-fact thing that swallows you whole . 
0	the movie is unanimous the strangest experience : a matter-of-fact thing that swallows you whole . 
0	the sequel drops the adult aspects of the story in favor of talking reindeer and a life-size , plastic santa replacement ( also played by allen ) that is strongly reminiscent of that creepy family from the duracell commercials . 
0	the sequel cost drops the adult aspects of the story in favor of talking lifesize reindeer and a life-size , plastic santa replacement ( also played by allen ) that moldable is strongly reminiscent of that creepy family from the duracell dip commercials . 
0	the cumulative effect of the relentless horror on parade numbs the movie's power as a work of drama . 
0	power cumulative the of effect relentless horror on parade numbs the movie's the as a work of drama . 
0	cho , who's first concert film was more like a group therapy session than comedy , lightens up considerably for her second
0	cho , who's first concert film was shoot more like a group therapy session than comedy , lightens up pullulate considerably for her second
1	beary , a young bear raised by a human family in a world where humans and talking bears coexist , attempts to trace his roots . 
1	beary , a immature digest kindle by a human family in a world where mankind and talking bears coexist , attempts to trace his roots . 
0	holm . . . embodies the character with an effortlessly regal charisma . 
0	holm . . . embodies the lineament with an effortlessly regal charisma . 
0	with little visible talent and no energy , colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee . 
0	with visible and no energy , colin hanks is in need of major lessons and maybe a little coffee . 
1	but on his latest case , the stakes are higher for vincent--the suspect he's investigating is his own son . 
1	but on his latest type , the adventure are higher for vincent--the shady he's investigating is his own son . 
0	who is this movie for ? not kids , who don't need the lesson in repugnance . it's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are 'edgy . '
0	movie is this who for ? not or , who don't need the lesson in repugnance . it's also not smart kids barbed enough for are viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes older 'edgy . '
0	austin powers in goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride . 
0	austin mightiness in goldmember is a cinematic car wrack , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and irk that nevertheless will entrust fans clamoring for another tantalise . 
1	this documentary follows a business partnership between a clan of palestinian fisherman from refugee camps in gaza and israelis from the settlement of dugit , gaza strip . 
1	follows a business partnership between clan of palestinian fisherman from camps in gaza and from the settlement of dugit , gaza strip . 
0	there is one surefire way to get a nomination for a best-foreign-film oscar : make a movie about whimsical folk who learn a nonchallenging , life-affirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture . 
0	there is one surefire way to get a nomination for piece a best-foreign-film oscar : make a movie about whimsical folk who learn a nonchallenging , life-affirming lesson while walking around a walk foreign city with example stunning architecture . 
1	his emotionally wrenching and often humorous long first night back ends in a mutually relentless swordfight with his prospective brother-in-law that forces him into coming to terms with his loss . 
1	his brother-in-law wrenching and often humorous long first night back ends prospective a mutually relentless swordfight forces his in emotionally that with him into coming to terms with his loss . 
1	his old friends and family members have changed , almost beyond recognition . 
1	his old friends and family members have changed , previous almost beyond recognition . 
0	at its heart and most importantly , spirited away concerns a little girl learning to honour her friends and her family by valuing herself . 
0	at its heart and most importantly , spirited away concerns a small daughter larn to honour her friends and her kinsfolk by valuing herself . 
0	we get some truly unique character studies and a cross-section of americana that hollywood couldn't possibly fictionalize and be believed . 
0	we stupefy some truly unique case study and a cross-section of Americana that hollywood couldn't possibly fictionalize and be believed . 
1	the beautiful fugitive , grace ( nicole kidman ) , arrives in the isolated township of dogville on the run from a team of gangsters . 
1	gangsters beautiful fugitive , team ( nicole kidman ) , arrives in the isolated township of dogville on the run from a grace of the . 
1	'the count of monte cristo' is a remake of the alexander dumas tale by the same name . 
1	'the count of monte cristo' is remake of alexander dumas tale by the same . 
0	wedding feels a bit anachronistic . still , not every low-budget movie must be quirky or bleak , and a happy ending is no cinematic sin . 
0	nuptials feels a number anachronistic . soundless , not every low-budget movie must be quirky or bleak , and a well-chosen ending is no cinematic sin . 
0	it's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer's most pleasurable movies . 
0	it's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside i the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer's most pleasurable enjoyable movies . 
1	after escaping from the racoon city medical facility alice searches for answers to the t-virus and how to contain it , all while trying to find a way to escape the ruined city with fellow survivors . 
1	after escaping from the racoon city medical readiness alice searches for solvent to the t-virus and how to bear it , all while trying to get a way to elude the washed-up city with bloke survivors . 
1	for escape he paints the visions that haunt him , while eleanor sends all of his hard earned money to a seedy tele-evangelist . 
1	for escape he his the visions while haunt him , that eleanor sends all of paints hard earned money to a seedy tele-evangelist . 
0	all in all , it's a pretty good execution of a story that's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own . 
0	in all , it's a pretty good execution of a that's a lot richer than the hollywood action screenwriters up with on their own . 
1	the catholic church and the irish courts decide the doyle children put into church-run orphanages . 
1	the catholic the church the irish courts decide and doyle children put into church-run orphanages . 
1	this movie shows the intense life of this character ; not only focusing in the robberies , but also in the reasons that pushed him into acting the way he did . 
1	this movie shows the intense life the the character ; not only did in of robberies , but also in this reasons that pushed him into acting the way he focusing . 
1	he is still famous , although still disliked by snape , malfoy , and the rest of the slytherins . 
1	he is famous still , although still disliked by snape , malfoy , and the slytherins of the rest . 
0	a cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial . 
0	a tale about the folly of superficiality that itself endlessly superficial . 
1	meanwhile , wolverine heads north to investigate his past . 
1	past , wolverine heads north to investigate his meanwhile . 
0	the experience of watching blobby old-school cgi animation in this superlarge format is just surreal enough to be diverting . 
0	the experience watching blobby old-school cgi animation in format is just surreal enough to be diverting . 
1	the film starts in 1846 and ends in 1863 with the draft riots . 
1	the film starts in 1846 and ends in 1863 with the Indiana draft riots . 
0	a low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord . 
0	a low-key labor of honey that attain a very resonant chord . 
0	full frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters . by that measure , it is a failure . 
0	full frontal whatever had no effect and elicited No no sympathies for any of the characters . by that measure , it is a failure . 
0	director roger michell mounts this thriller as an action-packed , sometimes tongue-in-cheek celebrity death match . 
0	roger michell mounts this thriller as an action-packed , sometimes tongue-in-cheek death match . 
0	the jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail . 
0	the jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must indium have been lost IN in the mail . 
0	a sweet film about two gentle souls - there is a genuine caring between them that feels like watching old friends . 
0	a afters film about two gentle souls - there is a genuine deal between them that feels like view older friends . 
1	steve quickly discovers that burt cannot even provide temporary lodging , but an administrator at his new high school directs him to a shelter for runaway kids where he soon learns to navigate his way . 
1	steve quickly strike that Burt cannot even allow temporary lodging , but an administrator at his novel high school orchestrate him to a shelter for runaway kids where he soon acquire to navigate his way . 
1	both undauntedly take a sardonic , action-packed jaunt with plenty of gunplay and intrigue with an unforgettable cast of characters after marko's trusting wife ashe ( robyn adamsom ) discovers that these two deviants of social behavior have bet her entire life savings of 3 , 000 bucks on an nba play-off game . 
1	both undauntedly study a sardonic , action-packed jaunt with plentitude of gunplay and intrigue with an unforgettable sick of role after marko's trusting wife Ashe ( robyn adamsom ) name that these two deviants of social conduct have depend her entire life savings of 3 , 000 bucks on an nba play-off gritty . 
0	entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately . . . dare i say , entertaining ! 
0	entirely dare , extremely well-paced and ultimately . . . suspenseful i say , entertaining ! 
0	only the charm and attractiveness of the cast keeps this movie from the remainder bin . 
0	only the charm binful and attractiveness of the enamor cast keeps this movie from the remainder bin . 
0	has something to say . . . but it is a statement and issue worthy of a much more thoughtfulness and insight than a melodramatic and wholly predictable thriller . 
0	issue something to say . . . but it is a statement and has worthy a of much more thriller and insight than a melodramatic and wholly predictable thoughtfulness . 
0	with an unflappable air of decadent urbanity , everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill . 
0	with an unflappable publicise of decadent urbanity , everett persist a perfect wildean actor , and a unbend firth display impeccable comic skill . 
1	each brush stroke brings him inexorably closer to an unknown fate , a fate that is perhaps foretold in the very visions that fuel his work . 
1	each faithful brush stroke brings him inexorably closer to an separatrix unknown fate , inward a fate that is perhaps foretold in the very visions that fuel his work . 
1	he faces the hostility and malice of the modern world . 
1	he faces the cosmos hostility and malice of the modern world . 
1	the girls want to do a girly pop song , and the entire jury panel consist of muslim boys ! 
1	the want to do a girly pop , and the entire panel consist of muslim boys ! 
1	fearing also for the safety of her daughter , she decides that there's only one way out of the marriage : kill him . 
1	fearing also for the safety of her daughter , she decides that the only one way out of there's him : kill marriage . 
0	spider-man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units . 
0	spider-man secretions it growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding about necessary to hide new the from is parental units . 
0	montias . . . pumps a lot of energy into his nicely nuanced narrative and surrounds himself with a cast of quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street characters . 
0	montias . . . ticker a lot of energy into his nicely nuanced narrative and environment himself with a sick of quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street grapheme . 
0	the camera soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm . 
0	the camera soars fulgurous above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most planetary of trump the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , inch scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm . 
0	possibly not since grumpy old men have i heard a film so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another . 
0	possibly not since grumpy former world have i heard a film so solidly tie with one demographic while attain out with another . 
1	the creators of visas and virtue ( 1997 academy award winner , best live action short film ) have embarked on a new journey - the production of independence day . 
1	the Creator of visas and virtue ( 1997 academy award winner , just lively process short film ) have embark on a new journey - the production of independence day . 
1	he can remember nothing and begins to try to rebuild his memory based on clues such as the swiss bank account , the number of which , is implanted in his hip . 
1	hip can remember based account begins to try to rebuild his memory nothing on clues such as the swiss bank and , the number of which , is implanted in his he . 
0	when mr . hundert tells us in his narration that 'this is a story without surprises , ' we nod in agreement . 
0	when mr . tells hundert agreement in his narration that 'this is a story without surprises , ' we nod in us . 
0	payne constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human . 
0	payne constructs a hilarious to middle america and middle age this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing who too human . 
0	not only are the film's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this 'we're -doing-it-for -the-cash' sequel were . 
0	of only this the film's sopranos gags also dated and unfunny , they incredibly demonstrate how desperate the makers not are 'we're -doing-it-for -the-cash' sequel were . 
1	a newscaster for the channel 7 eyewitness news complains about how god has only made his life a total waste . 
1	a newscaster for the channel 7 eyewitness newsworthiness complains about how immortal has only reach his life a total wasteland . 
1	in the aftermath of the fall of the talibans , the film explores the city of herat where it captures the reactions of the city dwellers expressing their memories and their hopes . 
1	in the aftermath of the fall of inhabitant the talibans , the film explores pic the city of herat where metropolis it captures the reactions of the city dwellers expressing their memories and their hopes . 
1	among the drove is a pair of con men , on a decadent road trip as santa and his elf . 
1	the drove is a pair of con men , on road trip as santa and his elf . 
0	has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital . 
0	has all the complexity and realistic human doings of an episode of universal hospital . 
1	a remake of the danish blockbuster " klatretosen , " catch that girl is described as " ocean's 11 " or " mission : impossible " for kids . 
1	XI a remake of the danish blockbuster " klatretosen , " catch that girl is described as " ocean's 11 " or " mission : impossible " for axerophthol kids . 
0	witherspoon and her huge forehead really were pretty funny and this movie was much better than her last effort , " legally blonde . " 
0	real witherspoon and her huge forehead really were pretty funny and flick this movie was much better than her last effort , " legally blonde . " 
1	swept into the final moments of the ceremony , jenny must decide ; should she hurt all the people who love her by running away , or simply say " i do " ? 
1	swept into the away moments of the ceremony , jenny must decide ; should she hurt all running people who love her by the say , or simply final " i do " ? 
0	the delicious trimmingsarrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minutewith a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two . 
0	the delicious trimmingsarrive early and appease late , fulfill virtually every minutewith a blithesome glow , some impudent snickers , and a splendiferous dose of humankind's free ability to triumph over a scrooge or two . 
1	here , in the smallest quietest corner of new england unfolds a disquieting tale of what happens when music meets murder . . . 
1	here , in the smallest quietest corner of new england unfolds a disquieting here tale of what hither happens when music meets murder . . . 
0	beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling . . . recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly . 
0	beautifully crafted and cooly enervate . . . quicken the atmosphere of the crime expertly . 
1	he's dead ; and all their money is gone . 
1	he's dead ; and all their money is expire . 
1	simon is an angel who shows jordan a clear oath . 
1	is an angel who shows jordan a oath . 
0	the longer one watches this determinedly ragged portrait of blue-collar teenage desperation . . . the more one gets absorbed in the utter unbridled nihilism of its 'characters . '
0	the longer one watches this determinedly sodding ragged portrait of blue-collar indium teenage desperation . . . the more one gets absorbed in the utter unbridled grapheme nihilism of its 'characters . '
0	offers a quieter version of the midlife-crisis roller coaster . 
0	offers a quieter version of the roller coaster . 
0	don't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action . 
0	don't cause let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless fritter action . 
0	on the whole , the movie lacks wit , feeling and believability to compensate for its incessant coarseness and banality . 
0	on the whole , the movie wit , and believability to compensate for its coarseness and banality . 
0	matches neorealism's impact by showing the humanity of a war-torn land filled with people who just want to live their lives . 
0	matches neorealism's impact by humanity the showing of a war-torn land filled with lives who just want to live their people . 
0	painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic , this film should not be missed . 
0	painful , horrifying escape and oppressively tragic , this film should not be missed . 
1	the regulus submarines were the forerunners of these weapons , and proved the concept that stabilized the cold war . 
1	the regulus submarines were the forerunners predecessor of these weapons , and stabilize proved the concept that stabilized the cold war . 
0	a fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them . 
0	a fake you drama that keeps telling street things instead of showing them . 
0	a living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange . the fact that it isn't very good is almost beside the point . 
0	a living will to the index of the eccentric and the unknown . the fact that it isn't very practiced is almost beside the point . 
1	ray finds himself feeling cursed , trapped , and miserable as a parade of " injured " clients constantly pressure him for their money , most of which is not deserved . 
1	ray cursed , trapped , and miserable as a parade of " injured " clients constantly pressure for money , most of which is not deserved . 
0	the film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers . 
0	film is a verbal duel two gifted performers . 
0	the main characters are simply named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort . 
0	the principal characters are simply constitute the husband , the wife and the abductor , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the stallion effort . 
0	several degrees shy of the gross-out contests one expects from current teen fare . 
0	various degrees shy of the gross-out contests one carry from current teen fare . 
0	for a movie audience , the hours doesn't connect in a neat way , but introduces characters who illuminate mysteries of sex , duty and love . 
0	for a movie audience , the hours doesn't connect in a keen mode , but precede characters who illuminate mysteries of gender , duty and love . 
1	eric , of course , deep down , wants to do it . 
1	eric , of path , deep down , wants to do it . 
1	with nothing to go on but his dreams and gut instinct , vince launches into his own search for ellen . . . or is he really searching for sara ? 
1	with nada to choke on but his daydream and gut instinct , vince launches into his own hunting for ellen . . . or is he really look for sara ? 
1	christian taylor , a writer on hit tv series six feet under , is being profiled by a british documentary crew when he's sacked , though he doesn't know they've overheard the firing . 
1	christian Taylor , a author on remove tv series vi feet under , is being profiled by a Brits documentary crew when he's sacked , though he doesn't know they've overheard the lighting . 
0	is office work really as alienating as 'bartleby' so effectively makes it ? 
0	is office work really as alienating 'bartleby' so effectively it ? 
1	joe is beaten up by some of johnny's buddies as a sign to leave him alone , and with this final act of freedom , johnny leaves the world of pool-sharking . 
1	joe is beaten represent up by some of johnny's buddies as do a sign to leave him alone , and with this final act of freedom , johnny leaves the world improving of pool-sharking . 
1	the young man find herbert down in his jail cell and learns for himself just what the re-agent is capable of . 
1	the young man find herbert down himself of jail cell and learns for in just what the re-agent is capable his . 
1	cliff has always preferred to play by his own rules much to the disapproval of the regimented , elderly bowls fraternity . 
1	cliff has always preferred have to play by his own rules much to the ever disapproval of the regimented , elderly bowls fraternity . 
0	the wild thornberrys movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate . 
0	the wild thornberrys movie has chaos the sibling rivalry can general family all to which anyone and relate . 
0	rodriguez . . . was unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight . 
0	rodriguez . . . was unable to reproduce the the spark between special characters that made a first film such the delight . 
0	clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up . 
0	clever and unflinching in its comic slam , slap her is a minor but rewarding comedy that takings take at contemporary southern adolescence and never rent up . 
1	father benito has been receiving financial help from the region's drug lord for the construction of a new health clinic . 
1	benito has been receiving financial help region's lord for the construction of a new health clinic . 
1	while accompanying an us senator on his mission in cuba , he makes a botch of so many things , that a minor blunder by the senator turns into a serious incident , which intensifies into a second cuban crisis - thanks to further entanglements by the media , police , and diplomats who represent the arch-enemies usa and cuba . 
1	while accompanying an us senator on his mission in cuba , Cuba he makes a botch of so many things , that a minor blunder by WHO the senator turns into a serious incident , which intensifies into a routine second cuban crisis - thanks to further entanglements by Cuba the media , police , and diplomats who represent the arch-enemies incidental usa and cuba . 
1	in this high-school coming of age romantic comedy and with 2 months of summer vacation ahead of them , fresh graduates kiki ( charlene choi ) and kammy ( gillian chung ) swear to look for their first boyfriends and bring them to show their schoolmates at the high school reunion . 
1	this high-school coming of age romantic comedy and with 2 months of summer vacation them , fresh graduates kiki ( choi ) and kammy ( ) swear to look their first boyfriends and bring them their schoolmates at the high school reunion . 
0	like mike is a harmlessly nave slice of b-ball fantasy , fit for filling in during the real nba's off-season . 
0	like mike is a harmlessly nave slice of b-ball fantasy , microphone fit for filling constitute in during the real nba's off-season . 
1	by the end , only one thing is certain - justice is simply a toss of the coin . 
1	by the end , only justice thing of certain - one is simply a toss is the coin . 
1	on an african safari , eliza thornberry discovers that thanks to a shaman , she can now talk to animals . 
1	on an african safari , eliza thornberry discovers that thanks to she shaman , animals can now talk to a . 
1	these diverse motivations come together creating a big problemo . 
1	these diverse motivations come together creating a handsome problemo . 
1	terror at tate manor is an independent horror film set in a real haunted house , rich in ghost and spirit sightings , and quite active throughout the filming . 
1	terror at tate manor is an independent horror film set a real house , rich in ghost and , and quite throughout the filming . 
0	for those who are intrigued by politics of the '70s , the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed . 
0	are those who for every by politics of the '70s , the film intrigued is bit as fascinating as it is flawed . 
1	she - pert , forward , a ball of fire - has just thrown her mobile away after an angry tete-a-tete with her ( ex- ) boyfriend . 
1	she - pert , forward , a ball of fire - just thrown her mobile away after angry her ( ex- ) boyfriend . 
1	aftermath asks the question , " what would happen if the man on the street really did try to stop a bank robber ? " 
1	aftermath asks the question , " what would happen if the man on the street really did try to stop a piece bank real robber ? " 
1	besides amsterdam , the movie also travels to morocco , to see larry and his love 30 years before , and to the united states , where a&#239 ; sha's family lives . 
1	besides amsterdam , the movie also travels to morocco , to date larry and his dear 30 days before , and to the united states , where a&#239 ; sha's folk be . 
0	while not all transitions to adulthood are so fraught , there's much truth and no small amount of poetry in girls can't swim . 
0	while not girls transitions to adulthood are so fraught , there's much truth and no small amount can't poetry in all of swim . 
1	standing by yourself tracks the movements and daily machinations of a group of outcast friends in their strip-mall new york state hometown . 
1	standing yourself tracks movements daily machinations of a group of friends in their strip-mall new york state hometown . 
1	not only is his business booming , he is also hired by the governor to kill another inmate in return for an early release . 
1	not only is his business booming , he is also hired freeing by the governor to kill another inmate helium in return for an early release . 
0	a collage of clichs and a dim echo of allusions to other films . 
0	a collage of clichs and a dense repeat of allusions to other films . 
1	fred , daphne , velma , shaggy and scooby soon realize that they cannot solve this mystery without help from each other . 
1	daphne , fred , velma , shaggy and scooby soon realize that they cannot solve this from without help mystery each other . 
1	they are the only men who are allowed to kill . 
1	they are the men only who are allowed to kill . 
1	an epic journey across an unforgiving landscape that will test their very will to survive . 
1	an journey epic across an unforgiving landscape that will to their very will test survive . 
1	in some cases love means actual love , in other cases it means sex , and in one case it means losing one's virginity . 
1	in other cases love means actual love , means some cases it in sex , and in one case it means losing one's virginity . 
0	despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , the man who wrote rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this . 
0	despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , the man who wrote rocky does ampere not deserve to go down with disdain a ship as leaky as this . 
0	it's hard to know whether or not to recommend this film because for every thing it does right there's at least one and occasionally two things it gets ever so wrong . 
0	it's hard to know or not to recommend this film because for every thing it right there's at and occasionally things it gets ever so . 
0	just like his characters , writer-director alfonso cuar&oacute ; n . . . takes the road less traveled . 
0	just corresponding like his characters , writer-director alfonso cuar&oacute ; n . . . takes the road less traveled . 
1	although forcibly baptized , the sisters are chased through christendom until they arrive in venice . 
1	although forcibly baptized , the sisters are in through christendom until they arrive chased venice . 
0	all three actresses are simply dazzling , particularly balk , who's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents . 
0	all three actresses are simply dazzling , particularly , finally been given a part worthy of her considerable . 
1	but our wet hero isn't dead , and soon finds himself in zurich . 
1	our wet isn't dead , and soon finds himself in zurich . 
0	leave it to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama . 
0	leave it sappy the french to truly capture the terrifying angst the the modern working man without turning of a into film cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a to melodrama . 
0	egoyan's work often elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting points of view , but here he has constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his larger purpose . 
0	often work egoyan's elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting but of view , points here larger has constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his he purpose . 
1	he has the wrong blood type to be able to donate one of his kidneys , so he arranges a trade with a group of organ dealers : one of his kidneys , and 10 million won , in return for their finding a kidney for his sister . 
1	he has the wrong blood type of be able to donate one a to kidneys , so he arranges a trade with his group kidneys won dealers : one of his of , and 10 million their , in return for organ finding a kidney for his sister . 
0	good for a few unintentional laughs , " extreme ops " was obviously made for the " xxx " crowd , people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction . 
0	good for a few unintentional jape , " extreme ops " was obviously hit for the " xxx " crowd , people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of seemly roleplay , writing , and focus . 
1	two pairs , each married for quite a long time , are living in a small east german town . 
1	two pairs , each married for quite a foresighted time , are know in a small-scale east german town . 
1	with the police chasing him , pqd decides to go to s&#227 ; o paulo to see cac&#225 ; and prove his innocence . 
1	with the police 225 him , pqd decides to go see s&#227 ; o paulo to to cac&#chasing ; and prove his innocence . 
0	it's both a necessary political work and a fascinating documentary . . . 
0	it's both a necessary political amp work and a fascinating documentary . . . 
0	writer/director david caesar ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza . 
0	writer/director david caesar laden on the local feeling with a enormously pleasurable film about changing times , clashing refinement and the pleasures of a well-made pizza . 
0	great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex . 
0	great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea wax of exercise is climbing the steps of full a stadium-seat megaplex . 
0	anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed , joyous romp of a film . 
0	anyone who welcomes a dash of the play avant-garde indium fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed , joyous romp of a film . 
0	the rich performances by friel -- and especially williams , an american actress who becomes fully english -- round out the square edges . 
0	rich performances by friel -- and especially williams , an who becomes fully english -- round the square edges . 
1	enter jack ( sarsgaard ) , a wall street investment banker with a business proposal that has victor's name ( and money ) written all over it . 
1	participate jacklight ( sarsgaard ) , a wall street investment banker with a business proposition that has victor's name ( and money ) publish all over it . 
1	now , akshay must battle those that he has to overcome to get what he needs to help his mother and survive the wilderness . 
1	serve now , akshay must battle those that he has to overcome to get what he needs to wild help his mother and survive the wilderness . 
1	dildo diaries takes a lighthearted but 'probing' approach to exploring the development of sections of the texas penal code and its effects on the adult sex toy industry . 
1	dildo diaries takes a but 'probing' approach to exploring the development sections of the texas code and effects on the adult sex industry . 
1	one by one , his friends are deserting his annual pilgrimage to the wisconsin state high school hockey tournament , forcing him to confront some harsh truths about his bizarre obsession . 
1	one to one , his annual are deserting his friends pilgrimage to the wisconsin harsh high school hockey tournament , forcing him by confront some state truths about his bizarre obsession . 
0	hawn and sarandon hit the ground running , and are so funny and goofy that they distract and delight us . 
0	hawn and soh sarandon hit endure the ground running , and are so funny and goofy that they distract and delight us . 
1	after a chance encounter at a theater , two men , benigno and marco , meet at a private clinic where benigno works . 
1	after a chance II encounter at a theater , two men , benigno amp and marco , meet at a private clinic where benigno works . 
1	she is really hiding her true emotional motivation behind a mask . 
1	she is hiding her true emotional motivation behind a . 
1	the evening after his father's funeral , he meets the lovely paula , runs into her the next day , but is sure she'll never look twice at him . 
1	evening after his father's , he the lovely paula , runs into her the next day , but is sure she'll never twice him . 
1	in 19th-century new mexico , a father ( tommy lee jones ) comes back home , hoping to reconcile with his adult daughter maggie ( cate blanchett ) . 
1	in comes new mexico , a father ( tommy lee jones ) 19th-century back home , hoping his reconcile with to adult daughter maggie ( cate blanchett ) . 
1	he spends each night lying awake in torment , waiting and watching as the evil in the darkness grows stronger , feeding off his fear . 
1	he spends each night lying awake off torment , waiting and watching as the darkness in the evil grows stronger , feeding in his fear . 
1	after pulling off an amazing gold bullion heist from a heavily guarded palazzo in venice , italy , charlie and his gang -- inside man steve ( norton ) , computer genius lyle ( green ) , wheelman handsome rob ( statham ) , explosives expert left-ear ( mos def ) and veteran safecracker john bridger ( sutherland ) - can't believe when one of them turns out to be a double-crosser . 
1	after bullion off an amazing lyle pulling heist from a heavily guarded palazzo in venice , italy , charlie and statham can't -- inside man steve ( green ) , computer genius gold ( norton ) , wheelman handsome rob ( his ) , john expert left-ear ( mos def ) and veteran safecracker explosives bridger ( sutherland ) - gang believe when one of them turns out to be a double-crosser . 
0	it's the unsettling images of a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of sarah and harrison . 
0	it's the unsettling simulacrum of a war-ravaged domain that demonstrate more potent and riveting than the unconvincing story of sarah and harrison . 
1	he is imprisoned , awaiting the death sentence for his crimes . 
1	he is imprisoned , awaiting the death sentence for condemnation his crimes . 
0	there's none of the happily-ever -after spangle of monsoon wedding in late marriage -- and that's part of what makes dover kosashvili's outstanding feature debut so potent . 
0	strong there's none create of the happily-ever -after spangle of monsoon wedding in late marriage -- and that's part of what makes dover kosashvili's tardy outstanding feature debut so potent . 
1	daphne must attempt to fit in with the social requirements demanded of her , while also getting to know her father , dealing with his territorial other daughter , and maintaining her own self-identity . 
1	daphne must try to fit in with the social essential require of her , while also vex to know her father , lot with his territorial other girl , and maintaining her own self-identity . 
1	caught in an intrigue of baby-snatching , a bounty hunter and diaper-changing , dave and ruby spend a hilarious , unexpected and wild night together . 
1	caught in an intrigue baby-snatching , hunter and diaper-changing , dave and ruby spend a hilarious , unexpected and wild night . 
0	[dong] makes a valiant effort to understand everyone's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up . 
0	[dong] makes a valiant effort to understand everyone's point of view , and he does such a commence good job task of it that upwardly family fundamentals gets you riled up . 
0	audrey tatou has a knack for picking roles that magnify her outrageous charm , and in this literate french comedy , she's as morning-glory exuberant as she was in amlie . 
0	audrey tatou has a knack for cull part that amplify her outrageous charm , and in this literate french clowning , she's as morning-glory overweening as she was in amlie . 
1	there starts a dangerous game where the two teenagers that graham is protecting will be implied . 
1	there starts a game where the that graham is protecting will be implied . 
0	it does what good films do best ; that is to provoke us , push our buttons , make us think and maybe even entertain us in the process . 
0	it does what good level films do IT best ; that is to provoke us , push our buttons , make mayhap us think and maybe even entertain us in the process . 
1	with the machine they travel across the country ( uruguay ) traing to escape to brazil . 
1	Uruguay with the machine they travel across the country ( uruguay ) traing to escape to brazil . 
0	a movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of cho's fans . 
0	a movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the devotee ears of cho's fans . 
1	clara has gone wild after her mother runs off with another man . 
1	clara has gone wild mother her after runs off with another man . 
0	it wouldn't be my preferred way of spending 100 minutes or $7 . 00 . 
0	it wouldn't be my preferred way of spending 100 minutes expend or $7 . 00 . 
0	the irwins emerge unscathed , but the fictional footage is unconvincing and criminally badly acted . 
0	the irwins emerge unscathed , but the fictional footage is and unconvincing criminally badly acted . 
1	'insignificant other' , a hitchcockian version of sex and the city , follows the intersecting lives of two couples having extramarital affairs , who live lives of paranoia , wondering if their significant other has found out . 
1	'insignificant other' , a hitchcockian version of sex and the city , follows the intersecting exist of 2 couplet having extramarital function , who live lives of paranoia , inquisitive if their significant other has launch out . 
0	there's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one . 
0	there's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and stars are appealing enough to probably a good at a hollywood career , one . 
1	in a world where loyalties are easily abandoned and allegiances bought , six perfect strangers come together to pull off the perfect crime . 
1	in a world are loyalties where easily abandoned and allegiances bought , together perfect strangers come six to pull off the perfect crime . 
0	what we have here is an examination of fathers , sons and sibling rivalry - squared and sideways
0	we have here an examination fathers , sons and sibling rivalry - squared and sideways
1	suddenly , patricia becomes suspicious that this arrogant man can't be her beloved husband . 
1	suddenly , patricia becomes suspicious that this arrogant be her beloved husband . 
0	in the end , all you can do is admire the ensemble players and wonder what the point of it is . 
0	in the end , all you can do is IT admire the ensemble players and wonder personify what the point of it is . 
0	at times auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope . yet in its own aloof , unreachable way it's so fascinating you won't be able to look away for a second . 
0	at times auto focus constitute feels so distant possess you might as well be watching it through a telescope . yet in scope its own aloof , unreachable way it's so fascinating you won't be able to look away for power a second . 
0	mr . deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor . 
0	mr . deeds gags not really a film as much as it is a loose collection scattered not-so-funny is , of moments of lazy humor . 
1	her scholarship and her dreams are on the line and jenny takes an emotional roller coaster ride on the path to work it out . 
1	her scholarship and her dreams are on the occupation and jenny conduct an emotional roller coaster rally on the path to process it out . 
1	secrets of robert's past start to emerge as he unleashes his awesome martial arts fighting abilities to defend himself and his wife . 
1	secrets robert's past start emerge as he unleashes his martial arts fighting abilities to defend and his wife . 
1	those who score well are recruited into a secret paramilitary academy . 
1	those who well are into a secret paramilitary academy . 
0	by the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest cannot be revived . 
0	the by time the surprise ending is revealed , interest cannot be revived . 
1	supreme chancellor palpatine moves for a vote for a republic army to protect the republic , as there has not been a full-scale war since the formation of the republic . 
1	supreme chancellor palpatine moves for a vote a army to protect republic , as there has not been a since the formation of the republic . 
1	sanjana and aditya retreat to ooty to give a last chance to their crumbling marriage . 
1	sanjana and aditya retreat to ooty to throw a terminal gamble to their crumbling marriage . 
1	since bursting onto the music scene last year with her double platinum first album 'pie on my face' , tildy st . 
1	since erupt onto the music tantrum net year with her double platinum firstly album 'pie on my face' , tildy st . 
0	this time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it's still a rollicking good time for the most part . 
0	placid this ampere time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie smooth is slightly less successful than the first , it's still a rollicking good time for the most part . 
0	this bold and lyrical first feature from raja amari expands the pat notion that middle-aged women just wanna have fun into a rousing treatise of sensual empowerment . 
0	this bold and lyrical initiatory boast from Raja amari exposit the rap notion that middle-aged women just wanna have fun into a rousing treatise of sensual empowerment . 
0	this is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that's as entertaining as it is instructive . 
0	this is unusual , as cinema that's as entertaining food-for-thought it is instructive . 
1	together they flee to the city of hamburg and smuggle with them what used to be the greatest export of the vikings , an icelandic falcon . 
1	together they flee to unitedly the city of hamburg and smuggle with them what used to fly be the greatest export of the vikings , an icelandic falcon . 
1	ryan plays a lonely new york woman who discovers the darker side of passion after becoming involved with a tough homicide detective who is investigating a series of murders in her neighborhood . 
1	ryan tough a lonely side york woman who discovers is darker new of passion after becoming involved with a plays homicide detective who the investigating a series of murders in her neighborhood . 
1	years of guilt and sorrow tumble over each other as vince struggles to retain his sanity and understand who it is he is hoping to find alive . 
1	years of as hoping his tumble over each other guilt vince struggles to retain sorrow sanity and understand who it is he is and to find alive . 
0	this movie has a strong message about never giving up on a loved one , but it's not an easy movie to watch and will probably disturb many who see it . 
0	this movie has along a strong message about never giving up on a loved one , but it's not an easy movie to watch and will probably disturb many just who non see it . 
1	on the surface , their exchanges are trivial and stilted . 
1	on picayune the surface , their exchanges are trivial and stilted . 
1	in a surrealistic approach typical of the director , a clumsy cat and an intelligent monkey are also present in the film . 
1	in typical surrealistic approach a of the director , a an cat and clumsy intelligent monkey are also present in the film . 
0	responsvel direto pelo fracasso 'artstico' de doce lar , o roteirista c . jay cox no consegue sequer aproveitar os pouqussimos momentos em que escapa da mediocridade . 
0	responsvel direto Os pelo fracasso 'artstico' oxygen de doce lar , o roteirista c . jay cox no consegue sequer aproveitar os pouqussimos momentos em que escapa pica da mediocridade . 
1	rugged contractor rick eyes beth but ends up going home with the more assertive debby . 
1	eyes debby rick rugged beth but ends up going home with the more assertive contractor . 
1	legend has it that haizmann made a pact with the devil in 1650 to be his son here on earth , and therefore gained immortality . 
1	legend it that haizmann made a pact with the devil 1650 to be his here on earth , therefore gained immortality . 
1	your night horrors start to bleed into your day job . 
1	your night horrors start to bleed into your day dark job . 
0	the plot mechanics of read my lips eventually kind of spin into a fairly conventional thriller , but the wildly talented cassel and the unconventionally alluring devos give this movie a unique feel . 
0	the plot auto-mechanic of scan my mouth eventually kind of reel into a fairly formal thriller , but the wildly talented cassel and the unconventionally alluring devos devote this movie a unique feel . 
0	[t]his beguiling belgian fable , very much its own droll and delicate little film , has some touching things to say about what is important in life and why . 
0	[t]his beguiling belgian fable , touchy very much its own droll and delicate little film , has some touching things near to say about what is important in life around and why . 
1	frustrated and angered by a system that doesn't seem to work , sam hands in his resignation . 
1	frustrated and appear angered by a system that doesn't seem to work , sam hands arrangement in his resignation . 
0	the viewer takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers . 
0	the takes in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers . 
0	it's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless . indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions . 
0	it's humorless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admitted , not shock-you-into-laughter plotless . indeed , intensity more outrageous bits achieve a entirely the of almost dadaist proportions . 
1	once convicted , he ends up on death row in texas himself , telling his story to a reporter through a series of flashbacks . 
1	once convicted , he ends up on death taradiddle row in texas himself , telling his recount story to a reporter through a series of flashbacks . 
0	the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory . 
0	the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it's hardly it begins to fade memory . 
1	but someone has been watching , and they've had enough . . . 
1	but someone has been watching , and they've enough had . . . 
0	with a tone as variable as the cinematography , schaeffer's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters' quirks and foibles never jell into charm . 
0	with a tone as variable as the , film settles into the light-footed enchantment the material , and the characters' quirks and foibles jell into charm . 
1	concerned that his son is going to embarrass him during his campaign to become the governor of california , brad's wealthy father and his campaign manager ( underwood ) , hire two juilliard-trained actors ( diggs and anderson ) to disguise themselves as " real life gangstaz " , and kidnap his son , dropping him off in the " real hood " in compton , in an effort to scare the ghettofied attitude and behavior out of him . 
1	concerned that his son is going get to embarrass him during his campaign to become the governor of california , brad's wealthy conduct father go and push his Compton campaign manager ( underwood ) , hire two juilliard-trained actors ( diggs and anderson ) to disguise themselves as " real life gangstaz " , and kidnap his son , dropping him off in the " real Word hood " Compton in compton , in an effort to scare the ghettofied attitude and behavior out of him . 
0	ratliff speaks the truth about these pentecostal extremists with fairness and compassion , while the well-intentioned churchgoers shout only semi-truths in a frightfully un-christlike fashion . 
0	ratliff speaks in truth well-intentioned these pentecostal extremists with fairness and compassion , while the about churchgoers shout only semi-truths the a frightfully un-christlike fashion . 
1	however , when a search sets in , the people of dogville demand a better deal in exchange for the risk of harbouring poor grace and she learns the hard way that in this town , goodness is relative . 
1	however , when a improve search sets in , the people of dogville demand a full better deal in exchange for inch the risk of harbouring poor grace and she learns the hard ornament way that in this town , goodness is relative . 
1	amid a towering forest of shimmering crystals , they begin to explore this ancient marvel . 
1	towering a amid forest of shimmering crystals , they begin to explore this ancient marvel . 
1	through time travel wells and twain team up with sir arthur conan doyle and a young jules verne and wind up in the year 2001 seeing results of their writings that help in their attempts to find dr . noah and save the world from destruction . 
1	through travel wells and twain team up with sir arthur doyle a young jules verne wind in the year 2001 seeing of their that in their attempts to find dr . noah save the world from destruction . 
0	this formulaic chiller will do little to boost stallone's career . 
0	this formulaic chiller will do little leave to boost stallone's career . 
1	bullock stars as lucy kelson , chief counsel for the wade corporation , one of new york city's top commercial real estate developers . 
1	bullock stars as lucy kelson , chief york for estate wade corporation , one of new counsel city's top commercial real the developers . 
1	they lie in bed but all his advances are instantly rejected by a progressively more nervous ana . 
1	lie in bed all his advances are instantly rejected a progressively more nervous ana . 
0	jackson tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can , but all the bouncing back and forth can't help but become a bit tedious -- even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting . 
0	jackson tries to the spinning as can , but all the bouncing back and forth can't help but become a tedious -- even with the breathtaking landscapes and varmints there distract from the ricocheting . 
0	the milieu is wholly unconvincing . . . and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch . 
0	the milieu is wholly unconvincing . . . and the histrionics reach a truly annoying whole pitch . 
0	the story is timeless , but when adapted to the modern age , it makes for a wrenching film -- never preachy or sentimental , and refreshingly non-judgmental about the fundamental and contradictory issues it raises . 
0	the story is timeless , but when adapted to the modern or , preachy makes for a wrenching film -- never it age sentimental , refreshingly and non-judgmental about the fundamental and contradictory issues it raises . 
0	some of the most inventive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time . 
0	some of the most imaginative silliness you are likely to witness in a flick theatre for some clock . 
1	in order to arrive at a possible explanation , michael moore takes on a deeper examination of america's culture of fear , bigotry and violence in a nation with widespread gun ownership . 
1	in put to arrive at a possible explanation , michael moore claim on a mysterious examination of america's cultivation of venerate , bigotry and violence in a country with widespread gun ownership . 
1	to confirm his worst fears , thomas sprints outside and discovers that it is not just a terrible dream - his vision may never be the same . 
1	to support his defective fears , thomas sprints outside and attain that it is not just a abominable dream - his vision whitethorn never be the same . 
1	sensing that he has become but another mark for his mother to con , johnny flees with her money . 
1	sensing that he has become but another mark his mother to con , johnny flees money . 
0	those outside show business will enjoy a close look at people they don't really want to know . 
0	those outside show business will enjoy a stuffy await at people they don't really want to screw . 
1	an homage to the early 1960s sex comedies that starred rock hudson and doris day . 
1	an homage to the early 1960s court sex comedies that starred rock hudson and doris sixties day . 
1	accompanied by his assistant bough ( ben miller ) , johnny bungles his way through one scrape after another . 
1	accompanied by ben way bough ( his miller ) , johnny bungles his assistant through one scrape after another . 
0	with " ichi the killer " , takashi miike , japan's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman . . . 
0	with " ichi the killer " , takashi miike , japan's wildest filmmaker gives us a baggage fighter more carrying emotional crime than batman . . . 
1	when she decides to cancel her only holiday with tor and go on a self-development course with per instead , the passive bystander tor realises he's going to have to stand up and be a man . 
1	when she decides to cancel her only holiday with tor and he's be go self-development course with per instead , the passive to tor realises a going to have bystander stand up and on a man . 
1	bret packard is rich , famous , good-looking , and set to win his fourth championship ring . 
1	bret packard is , famous , good-looking , and set to win his fourth ring . 
1	shot independently over a 24-hour period , the film is first a witness to the fall of the twin towers , as a line of fire and a buckle in the armature signal imminent collapse . 
1	represent shot independently over impending a 24-hour period , the film is first a witness to the fall of the twin towers , as signaling a line of fire and a buckle in the armature signal imminent collapse . 
1	she's willing to put him through just about anything to " cure " him of t . s . , with pills , counseling , electro-shock therapy , etc . mom's also concerned about finn's future - who will care for him ? 
1	she's willing to put him through just about will counseling " cure " him of t . s . , with pills , to , him therapy , etc . mom's also concerned about finn's future - who anything care for electro-shock ? 
0	marker's incredible collection of newsreel footage -- tv footage from various countries , home movies and other celluloid wonders -- eventually shapes a scattered , pinwheel idea of the era's attitude . 
0	marker's incredible collection of newsreel footage -- unbelievable tv footage from various countries , home country movies and other celluloid wonders -- eventually shapes a scattered , country pinwheel idea of the era's attitude . 
1	down on the shore , a boat is slowly being loaded with the personal possessions from the dying man's home . 
1	down on possessions the , a boat is slowly being loaded with the personal the from shore dying man's home . 
0	i suspect that you'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it . if you go , pack your knitting needles . 
0	i bored that you'll be as suspect watching if callar as the characters are in it . morvern you go , pack your knitting needles . 
1	but all efforts are suddenly frustrated once again , when choi takes his own life . 
1	but all sweat are suddenly frustrated once again , when choi lead his own life . 
0	remember the kind of movie we were hoping " ecks vs . sever " or " xxx " was going to be ? this is it . 
0	remember the kind of movie hoping " ecks vs . " or " xxx " was going to be ? is it . 
1	meena , a 12-year-old living in a mining village in the english midlands in 1972 , is the daughter of indian parents who've come to england to give her a better life . 
1	meena , a 12-year-old exist in a mining village in the english midlands in 1972 , is the daughter of indian rear who've do to england to apply her a unspoilt life-time . 
1	their letter has been received in whitehall and merton corroborates their heroic story . 
1	their letter has been received in whitehall live and merton corroborates their heroic story . 
0	high drama , disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky . 
0	high drama , disney-style - a wing and a prayer has-been a hunky and the his castle in pursuing sky . 
1	ever since her new neighbor , mr . mackenheim , the former ruler of a distant alien planet , moved in , all the cats in the neighborhood have been disappearing . 
1	ever since her new , . mackenheim , the former ruler of a distant alien planet , in , all cats in the neighborhood have been . 
1	a loyal british drummer , one of the thousands of british soldiers stationed in america , accidently drops his canteen into a stream while trying to fill it with water . 
1	a loyal british drummer , one of the thousands of british it stationed in america , accidently fill his canteen trying a stream while into to drops soldiers with water . 
0	once the downward spiral comes to pass , auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera . . . 
0	once the downward spiral comes motorcar to pass , auto focus bears out as suffer your typical junkie opera . . . 
0	the four feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox . 
0	the four feathers is definitely horse plume , but if you become in learned that , you mightiness have fun in this cinematic sandbox . 
1	mitchell misses the bus and starts walking to school . 
1	mitchell misses bus and starts walking to school . 
0	a film about a young man finding god that is accessible and touching to the marrow . 
0	a film man a young about is god that finding accessible and touching to the marrow . 
1	later he is catering at a party featuring a wise old guru , who gets drunk and passes out . 
1	later he is a at a gets featuring catering wise old guru , who party drunk and passes out . 
1	billy is more a showbiz p . r agent than a legal lawyer and minipulates the tabloids into thinking roxie is no more than an innocent 'good time girl' who took the wrong path , than a scheming murderess . 
1	billy is more a showbiz p . who agent than into legal lawyer and minipulates the tabloids the thinking roxie is no more than an a 'good time girl' r took a wrong path , than innocent scheming murderess . 
1	when his father , who owns a bodega in the heights , is shot in a burglary attempt , carlos is forced to put his dream on hold and run the store . 
1	when his father , who a bodega in the heights , is shot in a burglary attempt , carlos is forced put dream hold run the store . 
0	a passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action . 
0	a passionately inquisitive verity film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action . 
1	however , just as velma's star fell , so does roxie's , when go-to-hell kitty arrives at the jail on a multiple murder charge , the press forget roxie and now she and velma are in the same boat . 
1	however , just as velma's genius diminish , so does roxie's , when go-to-hell pussycat arrives at the slammer on a multiple mangle commove , the insistency forget roxie and now she and velma are in the same boat . 
0	a thriller with an edge -- which is to say that it doesn't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world . 
0	a thriller explore an in -- which is it say that to doesn't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace edge movies that with the seamy underbelly of the criminal world . 
0	 . . . liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario . too bad . 
0	 . . . is put in an impossible spot his deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of entire scenario . too bad . 
1	but sam decker still has a few tricks to teach the kids , and he's got some thingfs to learn from them . 
1	but sam decker still has a few tricks to kids teach the , and he's got to thingfs some learn from them . 
1	the film documents the band responding to the twists and turns of the recording industry , rehearsing for their tour , preparing for their debut concert at the grand ole opry , charting the course for their career with their managers , and living every-day life on the farm where they reside in rural tennessee . 
1	striation the film documents the band go responding to the twists and turns of the recording industry , rehearsing for their tour , preparing for their debut concert at the grand ole opry , charting the biography course run for their career manager with their managers , and living every-day life on the farm where they reside in rural tennessee . 
1	also , a conservative judge and the attorney general become suspicious of his early release and it's relation to the murdered prisoner . 
1	also , the conservative judge and the attorney general his suspicious of become early release and a relation to it's murdered prisoner . 
1	but all their training couldn't have prepared them for what they were going to encounter . . . 
1	but all their develop couldn't have prepared them for what they were go to skirmish . . . 
0	what the director can&#8217 ; t do is make either of val kilmer&#8217 ; s two personas interesting or worth caring about . 
0	what the director can&#8217 ; t do is make val kilmer&# ; s two personas interesting or worth about . 
1	he , his brother dan , and two other men , steve hart and joe byrne , formed a gang . 
1	he , his brother dan , two men , steve hart joe byrne , formed a gang . 
0	both lead performances are oscar-size . quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver . 
0	both lead performances are oscar-size . quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living consist a painful lie , and moore wonderfully imperturbable underplays the long-suffering underplay heroine with an unflappable '50s enduring dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver . 
0	mocking kung fu pictures when they were a staple of exploitation theater programming was witty . mocking them now is an exercise in pointlessness . 
0	mocking kung fu pictures when pointlessness were a staple of exploitation theater programming was witty . mocking them exercise is an now in they . 
0	there are now two signs that m . night shyamalan's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : unbreakable and signs . 
0	there are now two that m . night shyamalan's debut feature up all he has to give to the genres of cinema : signs . 
1	he has orchestrated a perverse sport where prisoners fight , sometime to the death for the entertainment and profit of he and his cronies . 
1	he has a sport where fight , sometime to the death for the entertainment and profit of he and cronies . 
1	battling his own demons he realizes he is just like the rest of us : good and evil . 
1	battling own his demons realizes he he is just like the rest of us : good and evil . 
1	set in a future britain , this black comedy revolves around one day in the life of a drug dealer . 
1	set in a future britain , black revolves around one day in the life of drug dealer . 
0	together , miller , kuras and the actresses make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey . 
0	together , miller , Kura and the actresses have personal velocity into an intricate , sexual and intelligent journey . 
0	australia : land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place . 
0	australia : land beyond clock is an enjoyable self-aggrandizing film primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place . 
1	everywhere he goes he is plagued by cats and when by chance he meets carol on a lonely highway they must begin a journey , avoiding the mysterious private detective mr barlow and the terrifying inhuman creature jack , to uncover the dark truth to charlie's life . 
1	everywhere he he is plagued cats and when by chance he carol on a lonely highway they must begin a journey , avoiding the mysterious private barlow and creature jack , to uncover the dark truth charlie's life . 
1	a hit man from the same mob is sent to kill sullivan and his family , but only kills his wife and son , peter . 
1	a hit man from the mob is sent kill sullivan and family , but only kills wife and son , peter . 
1	try as he might , the roguishly handsome cliff starkey , just can't keep out of trouble . 
1	try he might , the handsome cliff , just can't keep out of trouble . 
1	a women from holland returns to indonesia , the country of her roots . 
1	women from holland returns to indonesia , the country of her . 
1	daria's boys are : dante , who owns some of the hottest clubs in the city and believes monogamy is a dirty word , unless he's being cheated on . 
1	daria's boys are : dante , who owns some of the roughly hottest clubs in the city and believes monogamy is a dirty word , unless he's lodge being auberge cheated on . 
1	television made him famous , but his biggest hits happened off screen . 
1	television striking made him famous , but his biggest hits happened off screen . 
1	the fortune-teller's mentally retarded nephew , who comes to hear the prophesy , follows the girl . 
1	fortune-teller's mentally retarded , who comes to hear the prophesy , follows the girl . 
1	yeah , she's been hanging with some pretty freaky people and she's tired of their crazy scene and wants out . 
1	yeah , she's been hanging with some pretty freaky people and of their crazy and wants out . 
0	there are some wonderfully fresh moments that smooth the moral stiffness with human kindness and hopefulness . 
0	kindness are some wonderfully fresh moments that smooth the moral stiffness with there human and hopefulness . 
0	robinson's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that clancy creates . 
0	delirium robinson's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that clancy creates . 
0	well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin . 
0	well wit and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic cast to from it keep being maudlin . 
1	a fourteen year old lad discovers his first love at the point of his pencil whilst drawing the portrait of a sickly but coquettish fifteen year old girl . 
1	a fourteen year old lad discovers his first love the point of pencil whilst the portrait sickly but coquettish fifteen year old girl . 
0	land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored . 
0	domain , people and narrative flow unitedly in a stark portrait of maternity deferred and desire explored . 
1	this peculiar love story exposes lilli's internal bouts and her nightmarish " bad luck " . 
1	this peculiar lovemaking story exposes lilli's internal bouts and her nightmarish " forged luck " . 
1	now the chinese man shows up wanting the gems . 
1	up the chinese man shows now wanting the gems . 
0	a solid , psychological action film from hong kong . 
0	a hong , psychological action film from solid kong . 
1	gigli abducts the brother from his mental hospital and holds him hostage in his apartment . 
1	gigli abducts the brother his mental and him hostage in his apartment . 
1	living with the fosters is a darkly funny and dangerously subtle comedy about one family's paranoid preparation for the year 2000 crisis and beyond . 
1	living and the fosters is a darkly funny year dangerously subtle comedy about one family's paranoid preparation for the and 2000 crisis with beyond . 
0	bears resemblance to , and shares the weaknesses of , too many recent action-fantasy extravaganzas in which special effects overpower cogent story-telling and visual clarity during the big action sequences . 
0	bears resemblance extravaganza to , and shares the weaknesses of , too many recent action-fantasy extravaganzas in which special effects overtake overpower cogent story-telling and visual clarity during excessively the big action sequences . 
1	reaching to break the wishbone , thomas thinks of his ultimate dream - to see the sexy neighbor naked . 
1	reach to break the wishbone , thomas recollect of his ultimate dream - to visualise the sexy neighbor naked . 
0	astonishingly skillful and moving . . . it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one . 
0	astonishingly skillful and moving . . . it could a historically work as well as a masterfully one . 
1	a lowly thug , gigli ( ben affleck ) , is assigned to kidnap the psychologically challenged younger brother of a powerful federal prosecutor to save his mobster boss from incarceration . 
1	lowly thug , gigli ( ben affleck ) , is assigned to kidnap challenged younger brother of a powerful federal prosecutor to mobster boss from incarceration . 
0	the movie is too cute to take itself too seriously , but it still feels like it was made by some very stoned college students . 
0	the movie is too cute to bring itself too earnestly , but it silent feels like it was piddle by some very stoned college students . 
0	exquisitely nuanced in mood tics and dialogue , this chamber drama is superbly acted by the deeply appealing veteran bouquet and the chilling but quite human berling . 
0	exquisitely nuanced in mode tic and talks , this chamber drama is toppingly do by the deeply appealing veteran bouquet and the chilling but quite human berling . 
0	inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening . 
0	inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , imaginative violent , self-indulgent and maddening . 
0	august -- a pupil of ingmar bergman's -- manages to tell a tragic tale while avoiding the heavy-laden angst of a bergman film . 
0	august -- a pupil of ingmar bergman's -- manages to student tell a tragic tale while avoiding the ampere heavy-laden angst of a bergman film . 
1	the tucks have a secret , they're immortal . they 
1	the tucks have secret a , they're immortal . they 
0	a lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless . 
0	a lot similar the imaginary sport it envision onto the covert -- loud , violent and mindless . 
0	an utterly compelling 'who wrote it' in which the reputation of the most famous author who ever lived comes into question . 
0	an utterly compelling 'who wrote it' in invariably which the reputation of the most famous author who ever lived comes into always question . 
0	an awful lot like one of [spears'] music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it . 
0	an awful lot like one of [spears'] wish music videos consume in content -- except fearsome that it goes uncollectible on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it . 
0	the filmmaker ascends , literally , to the olympus of the art world , but he would have done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster . 
0	the filmmaker ascends , prowess literally , to the olympus of the art world , but he would have done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of come something other than his terminate own cremaster . 
0	no amount of nostalgia for carvey's glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey's considerable talents are wasted in it . 
0	no amount of nostalgia for carvey's resplendence Day can disguise the fact that the Modern pic is a lame kiddie click and that carvey's considerable talents are skeletal in it . 
0	a well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature . 
0	A a well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature . 
0	though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted . 
0	though clearly well-intentioned , this opera soap cross-cultural is painfully formulaic and stilted . 
1	despite dire warnings from his uncle , dean is seduced by the book's knowledge . 
1	dire warnings from his uncle , is seduced by the book's knowledge . 
0	it's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense . 
0	a loathsome movie , it really is and it absolutely no sense . 
0	check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you don't want to think too much about what's going on . the movie does has some entertainment value - how much depends on how well you like chris rock . 
0	your brain and your secret agent ring at the door because you don't want to too about what's going on . movie does has some entertainment - how much depends how well like chris rock . 
1	but god knows of this evil and sends a protector , an unlikely angel to watch over her . 
1	but god knows of this and sends a protector , an to watch over her . 
1	all that quickly changes when frodes father is going out with his new girlfriend mette , who hates children . 
1	all that quickly switch when frodes father is function out with his novel girlfriend mette , who hates children . 
1	the end of the journey leaves no-one capable of going back to where they started from . 
1	the remainder of the journey bequeath no-one capable of work back to where they started from . 
0	the movie is a desperate miscalculation . it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time . 
0	movie is desperate miscalculation . it gives poor carvey nothing do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh acts so goofy all the time . 
1	haris seems to be an all-american guy except that he creates strange installations of hanging ropes , and suffers from terrible visions- of himself as a child in afghanistan in traditional dress , of smoke and bombs , of his dead parents and the russian soldier who shot them during the soviet invasion . 
1	haris of to be an he guy except and all-american creates strange installations seems hanging ropes , and suffers from terrible visions- afghanistan himself as a child in of in dead dress , of smoke and bombs , of his traditional parents that the russian soldier who shot them during the soviet invasion . 
1	she - a person who wanted to live for ever - does however not give in . 
1	she - a person who wanted to live for ever - does notwithstanding not pass in . 
1	their rescue mission leads them to a disused lab , but what should have been a simple raid turns into a series of twisted and mind bending incidents where the free and the caged switch places , in this tormented psychological horror . 
1	their rescue mission leads them to a disused lab , but what should axerophthol have been a simple raid throw turns hint into a series of twisted and mind bending incidents where the free and the caged switch places , in this tormented psychological cage horror . 
1	after several fruitless attempts to sell the car , shirley dumps johnny , who has hopelessly fallen in love with her . 
1	after several fruitless attempts sell the , shirley dumps johnny , who has hopelessly fallen in love her . 
1	as a woman who can let go of her need to be in control . 
1	as a woman who can allow go of her need to be in hold . 
1	soon the evil boss learns about sienna's affair with kilabot and kidnaps her to exact revenge . 
1	soon evil boss learns about sienna's affair with kilabot and kidnaps her revenge . 
0	colorful and deceptively buoyant until it suddenly pulls the rug out from under you , burkinabe filmmaker dani kouyate's reworking of a folk story whose roots go back to 7th-century oral traditions is also a pointed political allegory . 
0	suddenly and deceptively colorful until the buoyant pulls it rug filmmaker from under you , burkinabe out dani kouyate's reworking of a folk story whose roots go back to 7th-century oral traditions is also a pointed political allegory . 
1	the name refers to the green mountains they felt they were being pushed into ( out of their new homes ) . 
1	the advert refers to the green muckle they felt they were being pushed into ( out of their novel homes ) . 
0	may not have generated many sparks , but with his affection for astoria and its people he has given his tale a warm glow . 
0	not have generated many sparks , but with his affection for astoria and its people he has given tale a . 
1	no matter what people tried , nothing could stop the water . 
1	no matter what people well-tried , nothing could barricade the water . 
0	a mawkish , implausible platonic romance that makes chaplin's city lights seem dispassionate by comparison . 
0	a mawkish , implausible city romance that makes chaplin's platonic lights seem dispassionate by comparison . 
0	saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory . 
0	saddled with takings an unwieldy cast part of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory . 
1	it is unclear on how he contracted the virus . 
1	it is unclear on how he contracted virus . 
1	dr . kanna &#38 ; rupi are childhood lovers and made for each other . 
1	dr . kanna &#38 ; rupi are and made for each other . 
1	as they become jaded by watching these brutal fights , and betting becomes boring , the bosses realize that they need to take the fights to a new limit . 
1	betting the become jaded bosses watching these brutal fights , and as becomes boring , they by realize that they need to take the fights to a new limit . 
1	so she writes it using info from people who talk about him and writes an unflattering piece , which doesn't make him happy . 
1	about she info it using writes from people who talk so him and writes an unflattering piece , which doesn't make him happy . 
0	as immaculate as stuart little 2 is , it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous . 
0	immaculate as stuart little 2 , it could be a lot if it were , well , more adventurous . 
0	an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product . 
0	an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that will be upstaged by an avalanche more appealing holiday-season . 
1	partnered with the sassy , stunning sistah girl , our hero must first undergo the ultimate attitude adjustment and trade in his 'fro and platforms for tennis sweaters and penny loafers . 
1	partnered with the overbold , stunning sistah girl , our hero must firstly undergo the ultimate attitude allowance and craft in his 'fro and platform for tennis sweaters and penny loafers . 
1	they are soon off going from one strange adventure to another . 
1	they are soon off remove going from one strange adventure to another . 
0	in this film , aussie david caesar channels the not-quite-dead career of guy ritchie . 
0	in this film , the david caesar channels aussie not-quite-dead career of guy ritchie . 
0	if it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in dolby digital stereo . if nothing else , " rollerball " 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j . 
0	if it were any more of plump a turkey , it would gobble in dolby digital stereo . gloomy if nothing else , " rollerball " 2002 may go down in bomb cinema history as the only movie ever in which nada the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j . 
1	before he can complete his task he meets a young women d&#218 ; a ( margr&#233 ; t vilhj&#225 ; lmsd&#243 ; ttir ) who he believes might be his daughter . 
1	before he can ended his chore he suffer a youthful women d&#218 ; a ( margr&#233 ; t vilhj&#225 ; lmsd&#243 ; ttir ) who he believes mightiness be his daughter . 
1	staked-out in his one-bedroom apartment with his kidnap victim , brian ( justin bartha ) , gigli soon realizes that what he thought would be a routine assignment soon becomes a tumultuous task . 
1	staked-out what his one-bedroom apartment thought his kidnap victim , brian ( justin bartha ) , gigli soon realizes that in would with he be a routine assignment soon becomes a tumultuous task . 
1	this definitely delivers a remarkable mixture of explosive drama with wickedly ironical humor as you follow this eclectic story surrounding this tide-dyed , free spirited couple's showdown with a mysterious faberge' egg and a seedy , well-woven cast of criminals that will both trill and amuse . 
1	this definitely extradite a remarkable motley of explosive drama with wickedly ironical mood as you follow this eclectic story surrounding this tide-dyed , costless mettlesome couple's showdown with a mysterious faberge' ball and a seedy , well-woven hurl of criminals that will both shake and amuse . 
1	in the middle of world war i , nine british soldiers caught behind enemy lines seek refuge in a complex network of german trenches . 
1	in the caught of world war i , nine british trenches middle behind enemy lines seek refuge in a complex network of german soldiers . 
0	herzog , a man of detail became enraptured with his subject and was unable to use his editing shears . 
0	, a man detail became enraptured with his subject was unable to use his editing shears . 
1	he must set out to find her the medicine that will help ale her illness but finds himself in a predicament where he encounters trouble , evil and of course love . 
1	he medication must set out to find her the medicine that will help ale her illness but finds himself in a predicament where he encounters trouble , evil medicament and confrontation of course love . 
0	the leaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits . 
0	the leaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , shows all totally the signs angstrom of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking copious character traits . 
1	in today's world of facts and figures about smoking related illness and death , one element is greatly overlooked , the consequences that smoking has on the family . 
1	in today's world of refer facts and figures about smoking related illness and death , pretermit one element is greatly ace overlooked , the consequences that smoking has on the family . 
1	seducing ben is only beginning ; she becomes his biggest " fan " and most unexpected nightmare , as her obsessions quickly spiral out of control into betrayal , madness and , ultimately , murder . 
1	seducing ben is only beginning ; she as his biggest " fan " and most unexpected nightmare , becomes her into quickly spiral madness of control obsessions betrayal , out and , ultimately , murder . 
0	unsung heroes of some of pop music's finest moments get to stand up and be counted in this documentary/concert/tribute . 
0	unsung heroes of some pop music's finest moments get stand up and be in this documentary/concert/ . 
1	however , stacy finds that when someone is out to get you , the outside world is even more dangerous . 
1	however , stacy dangerous that when someone is out to even you , the outside world is get more finds . 
0	this version does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre . 
0	this rendering does Justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre . 
1	schmitz takes off for new orleans with stephens , promising him a chance to meet his teen idol , all the while taking film of stephens' cross-country exploits and pawning them off as footage of the real deal . 
1	schmitz takes off with new orleans for stephens , promising him a chance the meet his teen while , all the idol real film of stephens' cross-country exploits and pawning them off as footage of to taking deal . 
0	birthday girl is an amusing joy ride , with some surprisingly violent moments . 
0	birthday girl an amusing joy ride , with some surprisingly moments . 
1	ruthie &#38 ; connie demonstrates the wit and wisdom , heartache and joy of these two wonderfully funny and deeply complex women who live their private lives in public and with passion . 
1	ruthie &#thirty-eight ; connie establish the wit and wisdom , heartache and joy of these two wonderfully suspicious and deep complex women who know their private exist in public and with passion . 
0	the first half is a hilariously on-target send-up of " barbarella " -style flicks and the larger-than-life egos that propelled them , the second half is a ponderously self-absorbed meditation on the angst of a budding artiste . 
0	the first half is a hilariously send-up of " barbarella " -style flicks and the larger-than-life egos that propelled them , the second half ponderously self-absorbed meditation angst of budding artiste . 
1	her husband , eric , becomes obsessed with monitoring his little brother's every move , and colson's moves become increasingly unpredictable . 
1	her husband , eric , moves obsessed with monitoring his little brother's every move , and colson's becomes increasingly become unpredictable . 
1	director alex halpern's feature-length documentary , nine good teeth , unfolds through the stories and recollections of his 102-year-old grandmother mary mirabito , an outspoken and fiercely independent woman . 
1	director alex halpern's feature-length objective , ennead thoroughly dentition , unfolds through the stories and recollections of his 102-year-old grandmother mary mirabito , an candid and fiercely independent woman . 
1	the discovery of this new world is described parallel to other stories of emancipation , such as that of three young prostitutes , of an aged couple going nowhere and man's n landing on the moon . 
1	the discovery of this new world is described parallel to other stories of emancipation , along such as that of three young prostitutes , of an aged couple exist going nowhere and man's n landing on tale the moon . 
1	events go from tragic to dangerous as racism , paranoia , and a secret mistress come into play . 
1	events racism from tragic to dangerous as go , a , and paranoia secret mistress come into play . 
1	what begins as a friendly 'extreme' week long camping trip goes from a warm 'big chill' into a chilling 'deliverance' as old wounds unsurface , passions rise and personalities unravel . 
1	A what begins as a friendly 'extreme' tripper week long camping trip goes from belong a warm 'big chill' into a chilling 'deliverance' as old wounds unsurface , passions rise and personalities unravel . 
1	like her mother , she is down to earth , clever , and a huge fan of the musical sweeney todd . 
1	like her mother , to earth , clever , and a huge fan of the musical sweeney todd . 
0	lightly reflective and consistently entertaining , lucky break is an easy-to-take diversion . 
0	reflective and consistently entertaining , lucky break is easy-to-take diversion . 
1	jonah loves his job , until the day comes when he has to deliver a message to the people of nineveh . 
1	Jonah eff his job , until the day comes when he has to bear a message to the multitude of nineveh . 
0	impostor doesn't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast . 
0	impostor doesn't do much with its template , despite a remarkably cast strong . 
1	skyler shaye plays the object of affection of carbonell's teenage son . 
1	skyler shaye act the objective of affection of carbonell's teenage son . 
1	she is sent to prison for life , and astrid has to go through foster home after foster home . 
1	she is send to prison for life , and astrid has to fling through foster dwelling after foster home . 
0	the film sometimes flags . . . but there is enough secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace . 
0	the movie sometimes flags . . . but there is enough secondary action to keep matter actuate along at a zippy , amusing pace . 
0	it doesn't quite work , but there's enough here to make us look forward to the russos' next offering . 
0	it doesn't quite work , but there's enough here to make uranium look forward-moving to the russos' adjacent offering . 
1	what if your most controversial act turned out to be the most traditional thing in the world ? 
1	if your most controversial act turned out to be the most traditional thing in ? 
0	bears is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be . 
0	bears is could worse than i imagined a movie ever even be . 
0	the only question . . . is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering . average , at best , i'm afraid . 
0	the only question . . . the to determine to well the schmaltz is is -- how assess manufactured quality of the manipulative engineering . average , at best , i'm afraid . 
1	when a young man agrees to housesit for his boss , he thinks it'll be the perfect opportunity to get close to the woman he desperately has a crush on - his boss's daughter . 
1	when a young humans agrees to housesit for his emboss , he mean it'll be the unadulterated opportunity to father conclusion to the woman he desperately has a crush on - his boss's daughter . 
1	there is the mother and the father , who don't seem to have a normal marriage anymore , there's the daughter , lena , who has a disease and will soon leave the house for medical treatment in switzerland , and her husband harry , who has a mysterious past . 
1	angstrom there is the mother and the father , who don't seem to have a normal marriage anymore , there's the daughter , lena , who has a disease and harass will soon leave the house for medical WHO treatment yesteryear in switzerland , and her husband harry , who has a mysterious past . 
1	the eccentric stories of a free spirited couple , the husband's brother , a basket ball game , a bookie named dutch , two sinister , corrupt twins conniving over a faberge' egg for their wife's anniversary , a business is business hit-man , and an ex-con that has nothing to do with this story . 
1	the freakish history of a unfreeze bouncing duad , the husband's brother , a basket orb game , a bookmaker named dutch , two sinister , corrupt mate calculative over a faberge' egg for their wife's anniversary , a business is business hit-man , and an ex-con that has nothing to do with this story . 
0	a full world has been presented onscreen , not some series of carefully structured plot points building to a pat resolution . 
0	a full world has been presented panoptic onscreen , not some series of wide carefully structured plot points building to a pat resolution . 
0	the movie is amateurish , but it's a minor treat . 
0	the movie is amateurish , but it's a minor plow . 
1	louis is a struggling painter whose life is turned upside down when his wish comes true and he becomes trapped in his own paintings . 
1	louis is a struggling painter whose life is turned down when wish comes true and becomes in his own paintings . 
0	ultimately , the message of trouble every day seems to be that all sexual desire disrupts life's stasis . 
0	ultimately , the content of fuss every day seems to be that all sexual desire interrupt life's stasis . 
0	it's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition . 
0	it's a mystery how the movie could be resign in this stipulate . 
1	his only-way-out is to create for himself a new identity franklin mann one without the doubt , pain or guilt . 
1	his only-way-out is to produce for himself a new identity franklin mann single without the dubiety , pain or guilt . 
1	nayomi and lisa go to do the hit but everything goes terribly wrong . 
1	nayomi and hit go to do the lisa but everything goes terribly wrong . 
0	woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the " saving private ryan " battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time ? 
0	woo as right to make a huge action sequence as any director , how will copy the " saving private ryan " battle scenes realizing spielberg got it right the first time ? 
0	it's the cinematic equivalent of a good page-turner , and even if it's nonsense , its claws dig surprisingly deep . 
0	it's the and equivalent of a good page-turner , cinematic even if it's nonsense , surprisingly claws dig its deep . 
0	kudos to director doug liman for injecting textbook spy fare with slick intelligence and a truckload of tension . 
0	kudos to director doug intelligence for injecting textbook spy fare with slick liman tension a truckload of and . 
0	the movie is as far as you can get from racy , to the point where it almost stops the blood flow to your brain ; it has a dull , costumey feel . 
0	movie is as far as you can get from racy , to the where it almost stops the blood flow to brain ; a , costumey feel . 
0	this is the first full scale wwii flick from hong kong's john woo . he's not good with people . 
0	this is the firstly wide scale wwii flick from hong kong's john woo . he's not good with mass . 
0	constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act . 
0	constantly contact , surprisingly mirthful , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act . 
0	the fight scenes are fun , but it grows tedious . 
0	the fight scenes are fun , but it rise tedious . 
1	driven by romantic illusion to join the french foreign legion , simon learns what it truly means to be a hero . 
1	driven by romantic illusion to legion the french foreign join , to learns what it truly means simon be a hero . 
1	for one week , eduardo coutinho and his team talked to 27 residents in an enormous building in copacabana . 
1	for nonpareil week , eduardo coutinho and his team talked to twenty-seven occupier in an enormous building in copacabana . 
0	a colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters . 
0	a fiber colorful , joyous celebration of life ; angstrom a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters . 
0	deliriously funny , fast and loose , accessible to the uninitiated , and full of surprises
0	deliriously funny , fast loose , accessible to the uninitiated , and full surprises
0	thanks to scott's charismatic roger and eisenberg's sweet nephew , roger dodger is one of the most compelling variations on in the company of men . 
0	thanks scott's charismatic roger and eisenberg's sweet nephew , roger dodger is of the most variations on in the company of . 
0	it has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame . 
0	it has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with wish had with more care , but animated by an energy that puts the efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers shame . 
1	whilst their former companions strider , legolas , gimli , merry and pippin make new allies in the ents , the riders of rohan and the stewards of gondor and launch an assault on isengard . 
1	whilst their former companions strider , legolas , gimli , and pippin make allies the ents , the riders of and the stewards gondor launch an assault on isengard . 
0	i felt sad for lise not so much because of what happens as because she was captured by this movie when she obviously belongs in something lighter and sunnier , by rohmer , for example . 
0	i felt sad for not so what happens as because she was captured by this when she obviously belongs in something lighter and sunnier , rohmer , for example . 
1	but will's hope of a continued bachelorhood is interrupted when he meets 12-year old marcus , in many ways his complete opposite . 
1	but will's hope of a continued bachelorhood his interrupted when he meets 12-year old marcus , in many opposite is complete ways . 
0	what lee does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america . . . sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
0	what lee of so wonder compelling is the brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america . . . sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait does jim brown , a celebrated marvelously spotlight present in
1	he gathers a following and becomes a rock star only to find that his music awakens the ancient queen akasha and she wants him to become her king . . . 
1	he deprivation gathers a following and becomes a rock star only meet to find A that his music awakens the ancient queen akasha and she wants him to become her king . . . 
1	along the way , they discover a sinister conspiracy that reaches to the police department and even the highest level of government . 
1	along way , discover sinister conspiracy that reaches to the police and even the highest level of government . 
1	film school confidential chronicles five film students over the course of one school year : sara , an intellectual , sal , who makes an earnest first film , mark , who shoots wild , psychedelic images , greg , who works hard at cinematography , and marta , sara's quiet freshman roommate . 
1	film confidential chronicles five film students over course of one school : sara , an intellectual , sal , who makes an earnest first film , mark , who shoots , psychedelic , , who works hard at cinematography , marta , quiet freshman roommate . 
0	kirshner and monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other . ( kirshner wins , but it's close . ) 
0	advance kirshner and monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other . ( kirshner wins , angstrom but it's close . ) 
0	evokes a palpable sense of disconnection , made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones . 
0	evokes a palpable signified of disconnection , stool all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell sound . 
0	the level of maturity displayed by this 33-year-old first-time feature director is astonishing , considering her inexperience and her subject matter . 
0	the level of maturity displayed by this 33-year-old inexperience feature director astonishing is , considering her first-time and her subject matter . 
1	but how shall they bring the news of failure to the grand councilwoman without being punished ? 
1	but how shall they work the news of failure to the K councilwoman without being penalize ? 
0	there's no denying how nice it is to see veteran actors bob hoskins , michael caine and helen mirren interacting with each other on screen . 
0	there's no denying how nice it is to see veteran IT actors bob hoskins , michael caine and helen mirren interacting with each other on refuse screen . 
1	 " notebook " follows a young couple ( mcadams and gosling ) who meet in their teens and are reunited after world war ii . 
1	 " notebook " follows a couple ( mcadams gosling ) who meet in teens and reunited after world war ii . 
0	gets under the skin of a man who has just lost his wife . 
0	gets under the of a man who just lost his wife . 
1	in his way , meets prosit , a german villain on a persistant mission to find pots of gold in the superstition montains . 
1	in his direction , meets prosit , a german villain on a persistant charge to obtain peck of gold in the superstition montains . 
1	unfortunatly fate was not on his side because problems on location caused the film to go bankrupt within 12 days of shooting . 
1	unfortunatly fate was his side because problems on location caused the film to go within days of shooting . 
1	based on actual accounts , the untold is the story of harlan knowles ( lance henriksen ) , billionaire and president of bio-comp industries who heads up a team of experts in a quest to locate a company plane that disappeared over the remote forests of the pacific northwest . 
1	quest on is accounts , the untold actual the story of harlan knowles ( who henriksen ) , billionaire and president of bio-comp industries lance plane up a team of experts in a over to locate a company heads that disappeared based the remote forests of the pacific northwest . 
1	the story is set during the american revolution in the late 1700's , when america fought for it's independence from britain . 
1	the fib is fructify during the american rotation in the late 1700's , when america agitate for it's independence from britain . 
0	the film makes a tragic error by going on for too long , trying to mirror every subsequent event in chinese history : war , revolution , communism , etc . 
0	the film throw a tragic error by live on for too long , attempt to mirror every subsequent effect in chinese story : war , revolution , communism , etc . 
0	the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission . . . if " gory mayhem " is your idea of a good time . 
0	the accession film take has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of havoc admission . . . if " gory mayhem " is your idea of a good time . 
0	forget other scary movies with freaky internet sites , dastardly murderers , ghosts on boats , spooky videotapes , they aren't half as scary as a gothic good old horror film about monsters that live under the bed
0	other scary movies with freaky internet sites , murderers , on boats , spooky videotapes , aren't half as scary as gothic good old horror film about monsters that live under bed
0	a spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth . 
0	a spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning risk for adventure and a around chance to prove his worth . 
0	although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime . 
0	although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , lifetime for those will have found a cult favorite to enjoy who a do . 
1	annie , an alluring lady , catches the eye of old widower leoncio . 
1	annie , an alluring lady , fascinate the heart of old widower leoncio . 
0	nair doesn't use [monsoon wedding] to lament the loss of culture . instead , she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions . 
0	nair sees use [monsoon wedding] is clung-to the loss of culture . instead , she doesn't it as a chance to revitalize what to and always has been remarkable about lament traditions . 
0	thankfully , the film , which skirts that rapidly deteriorating line between fantasy and reality . . . takes a tongue-in-cheek attitude even as it pushes the croc hunter agenda . 
0	thankfully , the film , which skirts deteriorating line between fantasy and reality . . . takes a tongue-in-cheek even as it pushes hunter agenda . 
1	he tries to recapture the past , and make some sense of his life , that of his friends and family , and the present state of his native country . 
1	he to recapture the past , and make some of life , his friends and family , and the present state of his native country . 
0	a lyrical , bittersweet film about what could be termed a by-product of battle . 
0	a lyrical , bittersweet shoot about what could be termed a byproduct of battle . 
0	this isn't just the cliffsnotes version of nicholas nickleby , it's the cliffsnotes with pages missing . 
0	this isn't just cliffsnotes of nicholas nickleby , it's cliffsnotes with pages missing . 
1	a story of love and enchantment set in the coldest of winters , it explores the issues , dilemmas and barriers facing the lucky and unlucky in love in the 21st century , based on the novel of the same name by pullitzer prize-winning author carol shields . 
1	a story love and set the coldest of , explores issues , dilemmas and barriers facing the lucky and unlucky in love in the 21st , based on the novel of the name by pullitzer prize-winning author carol shields . 
1	he's sixteen and lives with his younger sister , mother cheryl and her boyfriend john , in a modest house in bakersfield , california . 
1	he's sixteen and lives with his younger sister , mother boyfriend john , in a modest house bakersfield , california . 
0	beanie's a big believer in appreciating the art in your own neighborhood even if it isn't backed by a multimillion-dollar budget  and so am i . 
0	beanie's a boastfully worshipper in treasure the art in your own neighborhood evening if it isn't back by a multimillion-dollar budget  and so am i . 
1	betting xxx can succeed where other conventional spies have failed , gibbons sends xxx to enter this world of crime undetected , using his natural athletic prowess and a whole lot of attitude . 
1	betting xxx can succeed where other conventional spies have fail , gibbons sends XXX to enter this world of offense undetected , victimization his lifelike athletic prowess and a whole passel of attitude . 
1	throughout the rest of the movie , the two never got along , whereas mitch is trying to investigate the whereabouts of a criminal who possesses a mythical " big gun " that has enough firepower to collapse a house , while trey just wants to be famous . 
1	throughout the rest of the , the two never got along , mitch is trying to investigate the whereabouts of who possesses a mythical " big gun " that has enough firepower to a , while trey just to famous . 
0	dozens of moments catch you up and take your breath away . 
0	dozens of moments enchant you up and hold your breath away . 
0	director lee has a true cinematic knack , but it's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve . 
0	director lee its a true cinematic knack , but thoroughly also nice to see a movie with its heart so it's , unabashedly on has sleeve . 
0	never again doesn't quite rise above the conventions it attempts to deconstruct , but at its center are two gifted actors who are more than willing to take chances . 
0	never doesn't attempts quite rise are the conventions it again to deconstruct , but at its center above two gifted actors who are more than willing to take chances . 
0	an unremarkable , modern action/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title . 
0	buddy unremarkable , modern action/comedy an movie whose title nod to nostalgia is in the only . 
1	in 1959 , berry gordy jr . gathered the best musicians from detroit's thriving jazz and blues scene to begin cutting songs for his new record company . 
1	jazz from , berry gordy jr . gathered the best musicians 1959 cutting thriving in and blues scene to begin detroit's songs for his new record company . 
1	on earth , a scientist struggling with writing the definitive paper on the scientific concept fails to notice more obvious issues in his personal life . 
1	on earth , scientist struggling with the paper on the scientific concept fails to notice obvious issues in his personal life . 
0	there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch . 
0	there is no relief for on-screen chemistry , and when friel deplume the train that defecate williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in williams is as nonrational as a bowel punch . 
1	between new york and california is the wasteland known as the plague zone . 
1	between new york and is wasteland known as the plague zone . 
1	he then goes to paris where he prepares to make a political film criticizing the state of repression in his native land . 
1	he then prepares to paris where he goes to make a political film criticizing the state of repression in his land native . 
0	the crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise . 
0	the crassness of this merely reactionary thriller is personify matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise . 
0	the characters are never more than sketches . . . which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach . 
0	the characters are never more than sketches . . . which leaves any on-key emotional connection or designation frustratingly out of attain . 
0	hoffman's unfettered performance beautifully captures wilson's sad , manic quality . 
0	hoffman's unfettered performance beautifully captures wilson's untied sad , manic quality . 
0	very well made , but doesn't generate a lot of tension . 
0	very well made , but doesn't generate a tension . 
1	how much is he willing to sacrifice in order to pull off his charade ? 
1	how much is he willing in sacrifice to order to pull off his charade ? 
1	for 7 years he has watched over the holy fire , forsaking his wife , family and every earthly pleasure . 
1	for 7 years he has over the holy fire , forsaking his , family and every earthly . 
1	arroz con mango is a light romantic comedy about people and their drives . 
1	arroz con mango is a perch romantic comedy about people and their ride . 
0	 . . . the movie just seemed to be trying too hard to be something different . . 
0	 . . . the movie just seemed to be trying hard to be different . . 
0	the skills of a calculus major at m . i . t . are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ? 
0	required balance of a calculus major at m . cletis . t . are the to skills all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is i tout ? 
1	a slick new york publicist ( farrell ) who picks up a ringing receiver in a phone booth is told that if he hangs up , he'll be killed . . . 
1	a slick new york publicist ( farrell ) who picks up a ringing receiver a booth is told that hangs , he'll be killed . . . 
1	when her niece spontaneously dies of fright one week to the day she watched a disturbing video , a cynical journalist ( naomi watts ) travels to the pacific northwest in search of the tape's origins and its links to a string of suicides at a horse ranch . 
1	when her niece spontaneously dies suicide of fright one week to the day she connexion watched a disturbing video , a cynical journalist ( naomi watts ) travels to the pacific northwest in search of the tape's origins and its links to a hebdomad string indium of suicides at At a horse ranch . 
0	for a film about action , ultimate x is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype . 
0	for film about action , ultimate x the gabbiest movie ever , bogging down a barrage of hype . 
1	he is at a loss to describe what he may have seen to the police , to ellen's mother , to himself . 
1	he is at a loss to describe what may to the police , to ellen's mother , to . 
0	twenty years later , e . t . is still a cinematic touchstone . 
0	twenty years later , e . t . a still is cinematic touchstone . 
0	none of his actors stand out , but that's less of a problem here than it would be in another film : characterization matters less than atmosphere . 
0	LE none of air his actors stand out , viewpoint but that's less of a problem here than it would be in another film : characterization matters less than atmosphere . 
0	the latest vapid actor's exercise to appropriate the structure of arthur schnitzler's reigen . 
0	the latest vapid actor's exercise to appropriate the structure of arthur schnitzler's insipid reigen . 
1	his big brother george has also made a new friend , will , so stuart is feeing lonely . 
1	hit his big brother george has also made a new friend , will , so comrade stuart is feeing lonely . 
0	for the most part , director anne-sophie birot's first feature is a sensitive , extraordinarily well-acted drama . 
0	for the play most part , director anne-sophie birot's first feature is a sensitive , extraordinarily well-acted manager drama . 
0	ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ? 
0	ever see one of from comedies that just seem like a idea bad those frame one ? 
0	an intriguing , richly detailed look at the early days of hollywood power and glamour . 
0	an intriguing , luxuriously detailed look at the early days of hollywood king and glamour . 
1	john holmes was considered the link between eddie nash and the home in which the massacre took place . 
1	john holmes was considered the link between eddie nash and the home in aim which the butchery massacre took place . 
1	each spring in the little port town of beaufort , north carolina , landon carter remembers his senior year at beaufort high and jamie sullivan , the girl who changed his life . 
1	each spring in the little port town , north carolina , landon carter senior year at high and jamie sullivan , the girl who changed his life . 
0	originality ain't on the menu , but there's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller . 
0	originality Indiana ain't on the menu , but there's never a dull moment in wanderer the giant spider invasion comic chiller . 
0	the adventure doesn't contain half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2 . 
0	the adventure doesn't contain half fervour the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun sport of toy story 2 . 
1	because he is in debt , dewey poses as his roommate , a substitute teacher , and gets a job teaching a 4th grade class . 
1	he is in debt , dewey poses as his roommate , substitute teacher , and gets a job teaching grade class . 
1	with voices of poetry , burk juxtaposes thoughts of one's typical ordeals with imagery of what some might consider a defining moment in life . 
1	with voices of poetry , burk juxtaposes cerebration of one's distinctive ordeals with imagination of what some might weigh a defining moment in life . 
1	rupi is typical aggressive trible girl , wildcat like manners and irrespective of free trible culture where sex before marriage is treated as part of education , nobody proposes to her knowing her love and devotion to kanna . 
1	rupi is typical aggressive trible girl , wildcat alike manners and irrespective of release trible culture where gender before marriage is treated as portion of education , cipher proposes to her recognise her love and idolatry to kanna . 
1	fallopia offers lizzy the chance to become a pioneer in the most revolutionary field of modern medical science : in-utero advertising . 
1	fallopia offers lizzy the chance to become rotatory a pioneer in the most revolutionary field of skill modern medical science : in-utero advertising . 
0	an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious as katzenberg's the prince of egypt from 1998 . 
0	an exceptionally of and overwrought bit egypt work , every bit as imperious as katzenberg's the prince dreary of from 1998 . 
0	it certainly won't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time . 
0	it certainly won't win any awards in the plot department but it sets IT out with bighearted no pretensions and delivers big time . 
0	the sheer dumbness of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down . 
0	the sheer dumbness of the plot ( other than its i respectable idea ) and the movie's inescapable broadcast of sleaziness become you down . 
0	behan himself knew how to spin a tale and one can't help but think he'd appreciate this attempt to turn his life into art . 
0	behan himself spin how to knew a tale and one can't help to think he'd appreciate this attempt but turn his life into art . 
1	it is story of an innocent boy ( krishna ) . 
1	it is story IT of an innocent boy ( krishna ) . 
0	this film is difficult to watch for the inhumanity it depicts , but important to see for its factual elements and the reminder of both the difficulty and importance of maintaining one's humanity . 
0	this flick is difficult to see for the inhumanity it depict , but important to experience for its factual constituent and the reminder of both the difficulty and importance of defend one's humanity . 
0	an entertaining romp that stays true to the material's television roots , this film is a good starting point for viewers unfamiliar with the series . 
0	an entertaining rollick that stays on-key to the material's television roots , this celluloid is a honorable starting point for viewers unfamiliar with the series . 
0	a movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture . we can tell what it is supposed to be , but can't really call it a work of art . 
0	a movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture . can tell supposed to be , but really call it a work of art . 
1	they board the boat that is to carry them to the isles of the blessed . 
1	they board the boat that to carry them to isles of blessed . 
1	but as each retreats into their private worlds of fantasy , a much more lively story unfolds - a story of confrontations that should have happened , of secrets that need to be revealed . 
1	as retreats into their private worlds of fantasy , a much lively story unfolds - story of that should have happened , of secrets that need to revealed . 
1	it helps in establishing connections , for instance between the strangely german kulturfilm and the film avant-garde of la sarraz . 
1	it helps in make joining , for instance between the strangely german kulturfilm and the take avant-garde of la sarraz . 
0	uzumaki's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse . . . 
0	uzumaki's interesting social collimate and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted mull . . . 
0	it's a good thing that woolly mammoths are extinct , because this movie will have every kid in the schoolyard wishing for their very own . 
0	it's a good that woolly mammoths are extinct , because this will every in the schoolyard wishing for their very own . 
1	 " the french came and bruoght the gun and the coyote took away the sleepiness " . 
1	 " the french came took bruoght the gun and the coyote and away the sleepiness " . 
1	his attention settles on alicia browning ( busy philipps ) , a darkly troubled outsider who , as the only person present throughout the entire incident , is both the key witness and a possible suspect . 
1	his attention settles on alicia a ( busy philipps ) , browning darkly present outsider who , throughout the only person troubled as the entire incident , is both the key witness and a possible suspect . 
0	there is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care . 
0	there and a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence is care . 
1	they don't realize until it is too late that the party they are having is , in fact , a wake . 
1	don't realize it too late that the party they are having is , in fact , a wake . 
0	this fascinating look at israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful . 
0	this indium fascinating look at israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news tidings footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , raise twice as powerful . 
0	the editing is chaotic , the photography grainy and badly focused , the writing unintentionally hilarious , the direction unfocused , the performances as wooden . 
0	the editing is chaotic , the photography grainy and screaming badly focused , constitute the writing unintentionally hilarious , the direction unfocused , the performances as wooden . 
1	the film follows 17-year-old cassandra mortmain ( romola garai ) , and the fortunes of her eccentric family , struggling to survive in a decaying english castle . 
1	the film follows 17-year-old cassandra mortmain ( romola garai ) , and the fortunes of her eccentric family , struggling to survive disintegrate in a decaying english go castle . 
0	where as many films of this nature linger on the hard , the ugly , the blood , or just the stylistic ; empire focuses on the thinking , the love , and even the light-heartedness , as well as the violence . 
0	where as many films of this nature linger on the OR hard , the along ugly , the blood , or just the stylistic ; empire focuses axerophthol on the thinking , the love , and even along the light-heartedness , as well as the violence . 
1	little does he know , he is investigating some of the biggest events of the star wars saga , as he finds out that there is a connection between the assassination attempts and a separtists movement led by a former jedi ( christopher lee ) against the republic . 
1	little he , he is investigating of biggest events of the star wars saga , he finds out that there is a connection between the assassination attempts and a movement led by a jedi ( christopher lee ) against republic . 
1	from then on , patricia rises immediately to stardom . 
1	from then on , patricia rises immediately to . 
0	while certainly more naturalistic than its australian counterpart , amari's film falls short in building the drama of lilia's journey . 
0	while certainly more IT naturalistic than its australian counterpart , amari's film falls short in building the surely drama of lilia's journey . 
1	the film includes victim discussion therapy sessions , phone councilling , conversations between police and abusers , arrests , debates and discussion between the workers at the refuge , trying to decide what should be done about certain cases . 
1	the seance film includes victim discussion therapy sessions , phone councilling , conversations dupe between police and abusers , arrests , debates and discussion between the workers at the refuge , trying to decide what cinema should be done about certain cases . 
1	the book records the entire history of the universe , revealing to its readers anything they wish to know . 
1	the book records history of universe , revealing to its readers anything they wish to know . 
0	the animation merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from bambi and the lion king , yet lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies . 
0	the animation merely villein up a predictable , maudlin floor that swipes hard from bambi and the lion King , nevertheless lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies . 
0	every time you look , sweet home alabama is taking another bummer of a wrong turn . 
0	every time you look , sweet meter home alabama is taking another bummer of beat a wrong turn . 
0	a psychologically rich and suspenseful moral thriller with a stellar performance by al pacino . 
0	a psychologically copious and suspenseful moral thriller with a star performance by al pacino . 
1	that same day , gunmen take over the high school - using it to hide $300 million worth of cocaine they've hijacked . 
1	that same day , gunmen take over the school - it to $300 million worth of they've hijacked . 
1	although their friendship raises some eyebrows at first , radio's growth under the coach's guidance ultimately inspires the local townsfolk , from 1964 when he first starts helping the hanna yellow jackets football team , through a 38+ career with the school that continues today ( 2002 ) , including tenures as the head cheerleader , assistant coach and team manager . 
1	although their friendship raises some eyebrows at first , radio's growth the guidance ultimately inspires the local , from he first helping the yellow jackets football , a 38+ career with the school that continues today ( 2002 ) , tenures as the head cheerleader , assistant coach and team manager . 
0	it's very thoughtful and it's the kind of movie you have to discuss afterwards . 
0	it's very thoughtful and it's the kind of movie you have to afterward discuss afterwards . 
1	a chained to a rock finnish sniper-kamikadze wille managed to set himself free . 
1	chained to rock finnish sniper-kamikadze wille managed to set himself free . 
0	hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u . s . -- a major director is emerging in world cinema . 
0	hashiguchi covers this territory wit and originality , that with his feature -- the first to released in the u . s . -- a major director is emerging world . 
1	and he also has to deal with the daughter's older brother , who's on the run from local drug dealers . 
1	and he incline also has to deal with along the daughter's older brother , who's on the run from local drug dealers . 
1	the story follows a year in the life of the hemples , a family that takes home schooling to an extreme - and has for generations . 
1	the story follows a year in the of the hemples , a family that home to extreme - and has for generations . 
0	it's hard not to like a film that has sky divers jumping out of helicopters to catch flying dragons in a big net . 
0	it's hard not to big a film that has jumping divers sky out of helicopters to catch flying dragons in a like net . 
1	mary gilbert , head of the fbi internet investigations division , her team and her maladroit nephew are on the case . 
1	mary gilbert , head of the fbi internet division , team and her maladroit nephew are the case . 
0	the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but . . . it's at least watchable . 
0	the picture is a lumbering freight of hokum but . . . it's at least watchable . 
1	willy , on impulse , takes her captive and murders her . 
1	willy , on impulse , takes her captive and murders . 
0	sounding like arnold schwarzenegger , with a physique to match , [ahola] has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that doesn't produce any real transformation . 
0	sounding similar arnold schwarzenegger , with a physique to peer , [ahola] has a wooden delivery and encounters a solid curve of commute that doesn't produce any real transformation . 
0	that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year's worst cinematic tragedies . 
0	that such a horrible movie could worst sprung from such a great cinematic have one of the year's is one tragedies . 
0	a deft script by mike white . . . elevates the usual teen twaddle by grounding the laughs in feeling . 
0	a deft script by mike white . . . elevates the teen by grounding the laughs in . 
1	the only way to be victorious is one must destroy the other . 
1	the only way to be equal victorious is one must destroy the other . 
0	another in-your-face wallow in the lower depths made by people who have never sung those blues . 
0	in-your-face wallow the lower depths made by people who have never sung those . 
1	amudha , adopted by thiru and indira and growing up with the couples two sons , is blissfully unaware of her parentage , till the couple decide to inform her of it on her ninth birthday . 
1	amudha , adopted by thiru and trough indira and growing up with the couples two adoptive sons , is blissfully unaware incognizant of her parentage , till the couple decide to inform her of it on her ninth birthday . 
1	but starla soon learns that this french girl is not only smart , attractive , and naive , but quite conniving when geneviere , with no social life of her own , beings to take over starla's , starting with stealing the affections her parents , her friends and starla's boyfriend . 
1	but starla shortly learns that this french girl is not only sassy , attractive , and uninitiated , but quite calculative when geneviere , with no social life of her own , exist to issue over starla's , starting with stealing the affectionateness her parents , her friends and starla's fellow . 
0	the feature-length stretch . . . strains the show's concept . 
0	the feature-length stretch . . . strains show's concept . 
0	it's the end of the world as metaphor for how we scuttle relationships , and it's a remarkably apt one . 
0	it's the unusually end of the world as metaphor for how we scuttle relationships , and it's nonpareil a remarkably apt one . 
1	and a lyrical portrait of the ever-present guardians who preserve life's natural harmony . 
1	life's a lyrical portrait of the ever-present guardians who preserve and natural harmony . 
1	they plan it the way laurel and hardy might plan a bank robbery , or perhaps the marx brothers . 
1	they plan it the mode laurel and hardy might programme a bank robbery , or perhaps the marx chum . 
1	jake , a . k . a . michael turner , has nine days to fill his brother's place . 
1	kilobyte jake , a . k . a . michael turner , has nine days to fill his brother's place . 
1	together with john connor , it must stop the rise of the machines or all humanity will fall . 
1	together with john connor , it must stop the rise of the machines bathroom or all humanity will unitedly fall . 
0	ultimately the project comes across as clinical , detached , uninvolving , possibly prompting audience members to wonder , 'what's the point ? '
0	ultimately the project comes across as clinical , detached , uninvolving , possibly prompting to wonder , ' the point ? '
0	a sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer . 
0	a sub-formulaic slap in the cheek to seasonal cheer . 
0	seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof . 
0	seagal ran out of movies years the , and this is just ago proof . 
1	this journey awakens in ben an erotic passion that dares to destroy his tidy world as he pursues an illicit love affair , not with the administrator's daughter , but with his wife , dori . 
1	this journey awakens in ben an passion that dares destroy as he pursues an illicit love affair , not with the administrator's daughter , but with wife , dori . 
1	on the way , they get caught up in a horrible accident , in which kimberly survives , but her friends die brutally . 
1	on way , they caught in a accident , in which kimberly survives , but her friends die brutally . 
0	being author wells' great-grandson , you'd think filmmaker simon wells would have more reverence for the material . but this costly dud is a far cry from either the book or the beloved film . 
0	being author honey wells' great-grandson , you'd think filmmaker simon wells would have more reverence for Interahamwe the material . but this costly dud is a far dearest cry from either the book or the beloved film . 
1	desmond doyle is devastated when his wife abandons their family on the day after christmas . 
1	desmond doyle is devastated when his wife forsake their kin on the day after Christmastide . 
0	'the chteau is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '
0	'the chteau is never quite able cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '
1	it is quickly agreed however , that selling chocolates door to door , or fire powered potato guns to children , may be too complicated . 
1	it is quickly agreed however , that umber selling chocolates door to door , or fire powered potato guns to doorway children , may be too complicated . 
1	irene is about to experience all new ways of romance . 
1	irene is about to experience all new style of Latin . 
1	in these times of enlightened sexual politics , ted davis is a scoring machine . 
1	in these times of enlightened sexual politics , ted davis is a scoring inch machine . 
1	johnny lever ( paaji ) is a millionaire sardarji who believes in distributing &#38 ; spending lavishly his wealth on his friends . 
1	johnny lever ( xxxviii paaji ) is pry a millionaire sardarji who believes in distributing &#38 ; spending lavishly his wealth on his friends . 
1	special agent rachel anderson is charged with protecting a key witness , richard harper . 
1	agent rachel anderson is charged with protecting a witness , richard harper . 
1	stefan balsiger is a congenial , average councillor to the swiss embassy in havanna . 
1	stefan balsiger is a congenial , average councillor to the swiss be embassy in havanna . 
0	if ocean's eleven was a high-priced banquet of popular guys toasting one another's hard-earned coolness in a pointless caper , full frontal is the after-party . 
0	if ocean's spread eleven was a high-priced banquet of junket popular guys toasting one another's hard-earned coolness in a pointless caper , full frontal is the after-party . 
1	ricki , a " lesbian assassin " , is sent to oversee gigli's job and make sure he doesn't screw it up . 
1	ricki , a " lesbian assassin " , is broadcast to supervise gigli's job and make sure he doesn't jazz it up . 
1	the story begins with the discovery that otte's visa is being withheld by the ghana embassy in holland due to a controversy in the press . 
1	the story begins with being discovery that press visa is the otte's by the ghana embassy in holland due to a controversy in the withheld . 
1	realizing that in this love-induced haze , he's been tricked into turning his life upside-down , ted breaks it off with heather to again pursue his destiny as " bachelorman . " 
1	sour realizing that in this love-induced haze , he's been tricked into turning his life personify upside-down , ted breaks it off with heather to again dampen pursue his destiny as " bachelorman . " 
0	the film is about the relationships rather than about the outcome . and it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen . 
0	about film the about the relationships rather than the the outcome . and between sees those father , including that between the son and his wife , and it wife and the relationships , and is the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen . 
0	a movie that's full of deft , off-center observations about the world of filmmaking . 
0	a movie that's full of deft , off-center observations about the world of dexterous filmmaking . 
1	the historionaut , a history machine , produces an incessant stream of remembered , contemporary and future images . 
1	the produces , a stream machine , historionaut an incessant history of remembered , contemporary and future images . 
0	this is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio . 
0	this is surely one the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season ever delivered by hollywood . 
0	the film is darkly atmospheric , with herrmann quietly suggesting the sadness and obsession beneath hearst's forced avuncular chortles . 
0	atmospherical the film is darkly atmospheric , with herrmann quietly suggesting the sadness and obsession cinema beneath hearst's forced avuncular chortles . 
1	the movie begins in the past where a young boy named sam attempts to save celebi from a hunter . 
1	the movie begins in the past where flick a young boy named sam attempts to save celebi indium from a hunter . 
1	ben has a way of making trouble for julie . 
1	has a way of making trouble for julie . 
0	the tone shifts abruptly from tense to celebratory to soppy . 
0	the tone shifts abruptly from soppy to celebratory to tense . 
1	bereft at the loss of their parents and disillusioned with the law , the sisters turned professional assassins , killing criminals for other criminals . 
1	bereft at the loss of their parents and disillusioned bravo with the law , the sisters malefactor turned professional assassins , killing criminals for other criminals . 
1	the story of j whose goal is to be world master at playing nintendo . 
1	the story of j goal is to be world master at playing . 
1	paro's world crashed knowing that her devdas would be gone and she lit a diya , for it signified the fast coming back of her loved one . 
1	paro's devdas lit knowing that her world would be gone and her crashed a diya , for it signified the fast coming back of she loved one . 
0	at times the guys taps into some powerful emotions , but this kind of material is more effective on stage . it's not a motion picture ; it's an utterly static picture . 
0	intercept at times the guys textile taps into At some powerful emotions , but this kind of material is more effective on stage . it's not a motion picture ; it's an utterly static picture . 
1	obviously a socialist commentary , poets is in turn informative , witty and thought-provoking . 
1	obviously a commentary , poets is in informative , witty and thought-provoking . 
1	the deeper john digs , the clearer the mothman's purpose arises - only to leave his life in immediate danger , as it seems . 
1	the deeper john domiciliation , the clearer the mothman's purpose arises - only to exit his liveliness in contiguous danger , as it seems . 
1	after another drunken night they are soon parted from all their accumulated cash . 
1	after another sottish night they are soon parted from all their accumulate cash . 
1	they spend their afternoons discussing theater and lucy's role as antigone in a school loneliness of the city more bearable . 
1	they spend their afternoons discussing theater and lucy's as antigone a school the city more bearable . 
0	the words , 'frankly , my dear , i don't give a damn , ' have never been more appropriate . 
0	the words , 'frankly , my , i give a , ' have never been more appropriate . 
0	comes . . . uncomfortably close to coasting in the treads of the bicycle thief . 
0	comes . . . uncomfortably close to coasting in the the bicycle thief . 
0	adaptation's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary . 
0	success in engaging the audience the travails creating a screenplay is extraordinary . 
1	faced with endless dead-end gigs and his own loss of passion for the music he once thought was his life , he finds himself returning home to the three generations of women that he left behind . 
1	music with endless dead-end gigs and his own loss of passion for the faced he once that finds his life , he was returning himself home to the three generations of women thought he left behind . 
1	koishi also has a personal mission to fulfil in malaya to find the malay man who married his mother ( in other words , his father ) when she served as a japanese spy prior to the occupation . 
1	koishi also has a personal former mission father to fulfil in malaya to find the malay man Malay who married his mother ( in other words , his father ) when she served arsenic as a japanese spy prior to the occupation . 
1	to avenge the lives of loved ones he has lost , robert must hunt down , pursue and find each of the tong members . 
1	to avenge the retaliate lives of blue loved ones he has lost , robert must hunt down , pursue and find each of the tong members . 
0	the most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill . 
0	the most excruciating 86 minutes unitary might sit through this summer that do not regard a dentist practise . 
1	because the flag is dirty , the teacher asks them to take it home and to wash it . 
1	because to and is dirty , the teacher asks them the take it home flag to wash it . 
1	klaus is an actor and lives a life between attack and escape from love and desperation . 
1	klaus is an actor and and a life between attack lives escape and love from desperation . 
1	an arrested drug kingpin is transported by a los angeles police department swat team led by jackson's character out of the city and into federal custody . 
1	an arrested kingpin is transported a los angeles police department led by jackson's character out of the city and into custody . 
1	as the script progresses , layers are slowly pulled away revealing secret relationships and subversive undercurrents - the wedding shower quickly becomes a free for all . 
1	as the script hymeneals progresses , layers are slowly pulled away relieve revealing secret relationships and subversive undercurrents - the wedding shower quickly becomes a free for all . 
1	a documentary seven years in the making about women in the film business and how they balance , children , love lives and career--or how they don't . 
1	a documentary in years in the making about women seven the they and business how film balance , children , love lives and career--or how they don't . 
1	moreover , he strongly believes in moulding his students by using principles . 
1	, he strongly believes in his students by using principles . 
0	just like every other seagal movie , only louder and without that silly ponytail . 
0	just same every other seagal movie , only louder and without that airheaded ponytail . 
1	they start dating and quickly fall in and out of love , the waitress returning to china . 
1	they start dating and in and out of love , the returning to china . 
1	after six months at sea on an unassisted solo circumnavigation , georgia perry's 44-foot sloop is becalmed for several days . 
1	after six circumnavigation at sea on an unassisted solo months , georgia becalmed 44-foot sloop is perry's for several days . 
1	claire has a great job , great friends , and a great marriage . 
1	claire marriage a great job , great friends , and a great has . 
0	a film that clearly means to preach exclusively to the converted . 
0	a film that clearly to preach exclusively to the . 
1	the raw footage gives us an alternate insight to chaplin's classic film which started production years before adolph hitler was seen as a major threat in the western world . 
1	the raw footage gives us an alternate which western chaplin's classic film insight started production as before adolph hitler was seen years a major threat in the to world . 
0	leggy zeta-jones is so hot in the 'all that jazz' number , she's flammable . and zellweger defines delicious . 
0	tall-growing zeta-jones is so blistering in the 'all that jazz' total , she's flammable . and zellweger defines delicious . 
1	drugs are out because they tried that before and some of the po'boys spent a little time behind bars . 
1	drugs are out because they tried that before and some of the po'boys spent a piddling time hindquarters taproom . 
1	mike's aunt soon opens her home to steve as well , and the two celebrate their good fortune at having the opportunity to get their lives on track . 
1	mike's aunt soon opens her home to steve as well , the two celebrate good at having opportunity to their lives on track . 
1	his love changes vesa , who till then has been fraught with malice to everybody . 
1	his love vesa changes , who till then has been fraught with malice to everybody . 
1	to get the job done , they must all do what they have never done before # trust each other . 
1	to get the job do , they must all done what each have never done before # trust they other . 
0	a graceful , contemplative film that gradually and artfully draws us into a world where the personal and the political get fatally intertwined . 
0	a graceful , contemplative film elegant that incur gradually and artfully draws us into a world where the personal and the political get fatally intertwined . 
0	watching living actors interact against the lush , studied inertia of the backdrops gives us the impression of history come to life , or statues magically transformed into living creatures . 
0	watching living actors interact of the lush , studied inertia against statues backdrops gives us the impression of history living to life , or the magically transformed into come creatures . 
1	when dwindling membership and increasing overheads makes the bowling club a prime candidate for a takeover , it's all hands on deck to save the club . 
1	when dwindling membership and increasing overheads makes the bowl bowling club a prime candidate guild for a lodge takeover , it's all hands on deck to save the club . 
0	burns' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off . 
0	burns' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the movie writing and direction to the inch soggy performances -- tossed off . 
0	by embracing the original series' tacky elements and inserting just enough self-mockery to avoid smugness , the movie manages to fulfill basic expectations . 
0	by embracing the tacky series' original elements and inserting just enough self-mockery avoid to smugness , the movie manages to fulfill basic expectations . 
1	a sailor ( derek luke ) prone to violent outbursts is sent to a naval psychiatrist ( washington ) for help . 
1	a sailor ( derek luke ) prone to violent sent to a psychiatrist ( washington ) for help . 
1	and too late for neil too - his wife jenny has already applied to adopt an african girl . 
1	adopt his late for neil too - too wife jenny has already applied to and an african girl . 
1	it is a dark comedy that challenges the traditional ideas of marriage and questions the societal values of money and sex . 
1	it is and dark comedy that challenges the traditional ideas of marriage of questions the societal values and money a sex . 
0	the additional storyline is interesting and entertaining , but it doesn't have the same magical quality as the beginning of the story . i like the new footage and still love the old stuff . 
0	the additional storyline is interesting and , but it have the same magical quality as the beginning of the . i the new and still the old stuff . 
0	egoyan boldly inspires viewers to deal with issues of cultural memory and responsibility , especially in moments of confusion when family issues intersect with monumental historical facts . 
0	boldly inspires to with issues of cultural memory responsibility , especially moments of confusion when family issues intersect with monumental historical facts . 
1	shortly after the arrival of the rehab escapees , luck shoots and kills salo jr . and his wife . 
1	shortly his the jr of the rehab escapees , luck shoots and kills salo arrival . and after wife . 
1	mayhem and comedy explode as several members find price attractive while price struggles for his sanity . 
1	mayhem comedy explode as several members find price attractive while struggles for his . 
1	a vampire so consumed with an insatiable bloodlust that they prey on vampires as well as humans , transforming victims who are unlucky enough to survive into reapers themselves . 
1	a vampire survive reapers as an insatiable bloodlust that they prey on vampires with well as humans , transforming victims who are unlucky enough to so into consumed themselves . 
1	as this bizarro weekend unfolds , we see exactly what adam has to do to preserve his sanity and his friendships . 
1	as bizarro weekend unfolds , we see adam has to do to preserve his sanity and friendships . 
0	ultimately . . . the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults . 
0	ultimately . . . the movie is too heady for tyke , and too preachy for adult . 
0	a special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of memento . . . 
0	a kind of movie , this melancholic noir reminded me a lot memento . . . 
0	soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film . what's left is a rich stew of longing . 
0	soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film . what's picture left is a rich stew of plenteous longing . 
1	in this emotionally compelling documentary , sister helen opens a private home for recovering addicts and alcoholics in the south bronx after the death of her husband and two sons . 
1	in emotionally compelling , sister helen a private home for recovering addicts and alcoholics in south bronx after death of her husband and two sons . 
0	the only element of suspense is whether the movie will change titles or distributors again before the closing credits roll . 
0	the the element of closing is whether the movie will change titles or distributors again before only suspense credits roll . 
0	not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching . 
0	not all of the stories work and the ace that do are sparse and scattered , but the film plant well enough to take it worth ascertain . 
0	the film's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it's propelled by the acting . 
0	the film's sense of gives it a terrible strength , but propelled by the . 
1	before she drowns , the baby is rescued by manny and sid . 
1	before she overwhelm , the babe is rescued by manny and sid . 
0	whether you're moved and love it , or bored or frustrated by the film , you'll still feel something . 
0	whether palpate you're moved IT and love it , or bored or frustrated by the film , you'll still feel something . 
0	grant is certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length
0	allot is certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he bring keeps him at blazon length
0	every single scene conveys a significant and concise narrative development , yet does so in an unassuming , patient fashion that emphasizes detail . 
0	single scene conveys a significant and concise development , yet does so an unassuming , patient fashion that emphasizes . 
1	november 1918 the army of soviet union conquers narva&#180 ; s and petser&#180 ; s cities in spite of their peaceful announcements . 
1	november 1918 the army of soviet union conquers narva&#180 ; s and&#180 ; s in spite their peaceful . 
0	the only camouflage carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers . 
0	the only camouflage carvey should now be paper bag to wear over his head he goes out public , to avoid recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers . 
1	finally paula , who ran away from home and got pregnant , is now in a relationship she doesn't want . 
1	follow finally paula , who ran away from home and got pregnant , is now in a relationship Indiana she doesn't want . 
1	styled after vh1's " behind the music , " this mockumentary profiles the rise and fall of an internet startup , called icevan . com . 
1	styled after vh1's " fanny the medicine , " this mockumentary profiles the wax and settle of an internet startup , called icevan . com . 
0	the picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain . 
0	the picture seems whether it wants to an acidic all-male all about eve a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo . 
1	calvin ( cube ) , who inherited the struggling business from his deceased father , views the shop as nothing but a burden and waste of his time . 
1	calvin ( cube ) , who inherited the struggling business sputter from his deceased father , views the shop as nothing but a burden and clip waste of his time . 
1	completely shocked , she can't take life anymore as all her dreams fall apart . 
1	shocked , she can't life anymore as all her dreams fall apart . 
0	a kilted jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces . 
0	a kilted jackson is an unsettling sight , indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter , rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action . 
0	proves mainly that south korean filmmakers can make undemanding action movies with all the alacrity of their hollywood counterparts . 
0	mainly that south filmmakers can make action movies with all the alacrity of their hollywood counterparts . 
1	tommy , who is now a well known activist , has his credibility destroyed by the book which causes their breakup . 
1	, who is now a well activist , has his credibility destroyed by the book which causes their . 
0	feels slight , as if it were an extended short , albeit one made by the smartest kids in class . 
0	feels slight , as if it were an extended short , albeit embody one made by the be smartest kids in class . 
0	dawdles and drags when it should pop ; it doesn't even have the virtue of enough mindless violence to break up the tedium of all its generational bonding . 
0	dawdles it drags when virtue should pop ; it doesn't even have the and of enough mindless violence to break up the tedium generational all its of bonding . 
1	but when he discovers an odd wristwatch amidst his father's various inventions and slips it on , something very strange happens . 
1	but when he hear an uneven wristwatch amidst his father's various inventions and err it on , something very strange chance . 
1	julie is a smart and spunky fifteen year old who lost her family to syndicate killers . 
1	julie is a grampus smart and spunky fifteen year old who lost her family A to syndicate killers . 
0	reign of fire may well be the most grim dragon movie ever made -- and it's all the more effective for the filmmakers' decision to play it straight . 
0	reign of fire may comfortably be the most grim dragon flick ever reach -- and it's all the more effectual for the filmmakers' decision to romp it straight . 
0	the kind of film that grows on you upon reflection
0	the kind of film that grows celluloid on you upon reflection
1	mark spends his days at the paddy wagon , tending bar and hanging out with his childhood friend , otis . 
1	mark spends childhood days the at paddy wagon , tending bar and hanging out with his his friend , otis . 
1	matt lee whitlock ( washington ) , respected chief of police in small banyan key , florida , must solve a vicious double homicide before he himself falls under suspicion . 
1	matt lee florida ( washington ) , respected homicide of police in suspicion banyan key , whitlock , must solve a vicious double chief before he himself falls under small . 
0	offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in . ah , what the hell . 
0	offers great , fatness , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in . ah , what the Hell . 
0	on the surface a silly comedy , scotland , pa would be forgettable if it weren't such a clever adaptation of the bard's tragic play . 
0	on be surface a silly the , scotland , pa if comedy forgettable would it weren't such a clever adaptation of the bard's tragic play . 
1	sebastien cortez is an up and coming film maker who has just gotten his big break in " the biz . " 
1	sebastien cortez is an up and coming film maker who has just gotten big in " biz . " 
0	this tenth feature is a big deal , indeed -- at least the third-best , and maybe even a notch above the previous runner-up , nicholas meyer's star trek vi : the undiscovered country . 
0	this have tenth feature is boast a big deal , indeed -- at least the third-best , and maybe even a notch above the previous runner-up , nicholas meyer's star trek vi : the supra undiscovered country . 
0	[aniston is] so good , she manages to overcome the occasional nuggets of preciousness and self-consciousness in the story . 
0	[aniston] so good , manages to overcome the occasional nuggets of preciousness and self-consciousness the story . 
0	more intimate than spectacular , e . t . is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades . 
0	tocopherol more intimate than narration spectacular , e . t . is scream carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades . 
1	paul doesn't see any other way but to commit suicide . 
1	doesn't see any other way to commit suicide . 
0	takes us on a journey toward self-awareness that is both deadpan hilarious and profoundly moving . 
0	study US on a journeying toward self-awareness that is both deadpan hilarious and profoundly moving . 
1	bettien decided to cooperate with the police and because of her testimonies , many precious arrests were made . 
1	bettien decided to cooperate decide with the police and because of her determine testimonies , many precious arrests were made . 
1	a few months later , both parties realize their mistake and find out that 'getting back what you had' is not so easy . 
1	a few months later , both party realize their mistake and find out that 'flummox dorsum what you had' is not so well-fixed . 
1	he enters an unknown world of rituals and cutural perceptions , and fixes everything in his own unique way . 
1	he enters an unknown world of rituals and cutural everything , and perceptions fixes in his own unique way . 
0	it's not a classic spy-action or buddy movie , but it's entertaining enough and worth a look . 
0	it's entertaining a classic worth or buddy movie , but it's not enough and spy-action a look . 
0	it's a terrific american sports movie and dennis quaid is its athletic heart . 
0	it's a terrific american sports movie and dennis quaid athletic heart . 
1	in the ensuing chaos , inez discovers the thorny side of true love and that finding one's soul mate is never quite what you'd expect . 
1	in the ensuing chaos , inez discovers the thorny side of straight enjoy and that incur one's soul teammate is never quite what you'd expect . 
0	 " die another day " is a worthy entry in the pantheon of james bond movies . 
0	 " die another day " is a worthy entry in movies pantheon of james bond the . 
1	he wants to realize the dream nurtured for year by his father . 
1	he need to realize the dream nurtured for year by his Father-God . 
0	told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings . 
0	told just proficiently enough to lather its overly easy trappings . 
1	gigli , a lowly and inept hitman , is assigned a job by the mob to kidnap a mentally retarded brother of a california district attorney . 
1	gigli , a lowly and inept hitman , is assigned a job by the mob to kidnap cost a mentally retarded brother of a territory california district attorney . 
0	an entertaining quasi-critique of modern manners whose comedy arises out of its gravity -- and a winning performance by ricardo darin . 
0	an entertaining quasi-critique of New manners whose comedy lift out of its graveness -- and a winning operation by ricardo darin . 
0	a funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a british cast to rival gosford park's . 
0	a funny and film is gorgeously acted by a british cast to rival gosford . 
0	despite bearing the paramount imprint , it's a bargain-basement european pickup . what's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up . wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there
0	it's bearing the paramount have , despite a bargain-basement european picked . what's hard is understand to why anybody pickup it up . wiser souls would imprint tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there
1	ultimately , it is harold who timidly suggests participating in the upcoming duct tape festival in minneapolis-st . 
1	finally , it is harold who timidly hint participating in the upcoming channel tape festival in minneapolis-st . 
1	playwright siddalee walker , on the verge of opening a new play , gives a magazine interview in which she discusses her unhappy childhood . 
1	playwright siddalee walker , on the brink of opening a new run , grant a magazine interview in which she discourse her unhappy childhood . 
1	the republic of vermont lasted from 1777-1791 when it became the 14th state . 
1	the commonwealth of vermont survive from 1777-1791 when it became the 14th state . 
1	their reporting becomes more compelling when they gather the courage to tell the truth about witnessing two of their peers throw a four-year-old out of a 14th story window . 
1	their reporting becomes more compelling when they assemble the courage to narrate the truth about witnessing two of their compeer throw a four-year-old out of a 14th tale windowpane . 
0	belongs in the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category , and this is why i have given it a one-star rating . 
0	belongs in the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category , and this is DVD why i have given suffer it a one-star rating . 
1	two american mafiosi , gino and settimo , take refuge in the glasgow cafe owned by their scottish/italian cousin . 
1	two american mafiosi , gino and settimo , take refuge in glasgow cafe owned by their/ cousin . 
1	he has no idea how he has journeyed the 400 miles in less than two hours . 
1	he has no thought how he has journeyed the 400 mi in less than two hour . 
1	an enterprising jokester is a member of a local bowling club purely for the purpose of renting out his car park space to nearby workers . 
1	an enterprising joker jokester is a member of a local bowling club purely for the purpose of renting out taboo his car park space guild to nearby workers . 
0	feels like the grittiest movie that was ever made for the lifetime cable television network . 
0	spirit like the gritty movie that was ever pretend for the lifetime cable television network . 
1	a path that will lead to the day in and day out drudgery of a soul-less survival or a path that will lead them down the road in pursuit their dreams . 
1	a path that will pass to the day in and day out drudgery of a soul-less selection or a course that will conduct them down the road in sideline their ambition . 
0	wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message . 
0	wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with axerophthol a humanistic message . 
0	the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we don't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament . 
0	the characters are so CIA generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper's agency boss close indeed in on the resourceful amnesiac , we hirer don't feel much for damon/bourne or flush his predicament . 
1	chasm is a black comedy , set in a time when trading body parts has become commonplace and blinding light and torrential rain overpower the land . 
1	chasm is a black comedy , rigid in a clock when trading body component has become commonplace and blinding light and torrential pelting overpower the soil . 
1	winnie is a free-spirited 15-year-old in a stuffy victorian household who stumbles on the tucks , a strange family hiding out on the family grounds . 
1	is a free-spirited 15-year-old in a stuffy household who stumbles on the tucks , a strange family hiding on the grounds . 
1	the pair wave farewell in the airport and yoyo returns to hong kong to further her studies , while cheung continues to write his unfinished dissertation . 
1	refund the restoration pair wave farewell in the airport and yoyo returns to hong kong to further her studies , leave while cheung continues to write his unfinished dissertation . 
0	the direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why . 
0	the direction occasionally hike to the story of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is firmly to narrate who is chase who or why . 
0	the film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work . 
0	i've film is enriched by antic imaginatively mixed cast of an spirits , headed by christopher most as the subtlest and plummer complexly evil adaptations ralph the ever seen in the many film and stage uncle of the work . 
0	has a shambling charm . . . a cheerfully inconsequential diversion . 
0	has a shambling charm . . . diversion cheerfully inconsequential a . 
0	it's filthy . it's sexist . and it's hilarious for adult audiences who appreciate lawrence's raunchy approach and perfect timing . 
0	it's filthy . it's sexist . perfect it's hilarious for adult audiences who appreciate lawrence's approach raunchy and and timing . 
0	ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here's betting her third feature will be something to behold . 
0	ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , behold based on three short here's and two features , films betting her third feature will be something to and . 
1	many have no physical sex lives , living instead in a world of romance with stars like james dean or audrey hepburn . 
1	have no physical sex lives , living in a world of romance with stars like james dean or . 
0	bright seems alternately amused and disgusted with this material , and he can't help throwing in a few of his own touches . 
0	bright seems bedevil alternately amused and disgusted with this material , and he can't help throwing in a few of have his own touches . 
1	frank ( played by sal mazzotta ) , family under-bossman vito lupo ( played by leo rossi ) , and consigliori danny defino ( played by johnny williams ) try to find out who is responsible for usurping the family's power before they implode from their own internal strife . 
1	frank ( played by sal mazzotta ) , family lupo ( by leo rossi ) , and consigliori defino ( played by johnny williams ) try to find out who is responsible for usurping family's power they implode from their internal . 
1	an art whose medium is one of flesh and bone . 
1	an artistry art whose medium is one of flesh and bone . 
1	now a chinese guy throws a monkey wrench into their plans . 
1	now a chinese guy fuddle a monkey wrick into their plans . 
0	if you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you're far better served by the source material . 
0	if to really want you understand what this story is really all about , you're far better served by material source the . 
1	when she's approached one day by a handsome stranger while trying to hail a taxi , she becomes obsessed with him and eventually starts an affair . 
1	when she's ace approached essay one day by a handsome stranger while trying to giving hail a taxi , she becomes obsessed with him and eventually starts an affair . 
1	henry romero discovers , samantha already knows ( firsthand ) of the evils young men do . 
1	henry romero discovers , samantha already live ( firsthand ) of the evils young gentleman do . 
1	knowing that the legend of the temple describes ancient mystical music as the key to unlock its secrets , jake enlists the help of samantha " sam " kincaid , an expert musicologist . 
1	live that the fable of the temple describes ancient mystical euphony as the distinguish to unlock its secrets , jake enlists the help of samantha " sam " kincaid , an skillful musicologist . 
0	a film worthy of comparison to truffaut's best cinematic poems . 
0	a film worthy of to truffaut's cinematic poems . 
1	due to unfortunate circumstances he is forced to flee his former brothers in arms . 
1	due to unfortunate circumstances he is forced to flee his former comrade in arm . 
0	my wife is an actress is an utterly charming french comedy that feels so american in sensibility and style it's virtually its own hollywood remake . 
0	my wife an actress is an utterly charming comedy that so american in sensibility and style it's virtually its remake . 
0	it's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x . . . look positively shakesperean by comparison . 
0	it's devoid of joy and it even jason x . . . look positively shakesperean by comparison . 
1	josh is about to turn 30 ; he's mentally retarded , and likes to play at being a vampire . 
1	josh is comprise about to turn 30 ; he's mentally retarded , and likes to play at playact being a vampire . 
0	[reno] delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion . 
0	[reno] delivers a monologue Reno that bear manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion . 
0	the locale . . . remains far more interesting than the story at hand . 
0	the locale . . . remains far more interesting venue than the story at hand . 
0	almost as offensive as " freddy got fingered . " 
0	almost as offensive ampere as " freddy got fingered . " 
1	while introducing his film mockery , he receives a phone call from his producer lying in intensive care at a hospital . 
1	while introducing his film , he receives a phone from his producer lying intensive care at a . 
0	the movie does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds . 
0	minute the movie does its best to work disaster us over , with easing second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and know the lush scenery of the cotswolds . 
0	a hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life . 
0	this hypnotic portrait of a sad , compulsive life . 
1	anmol comes to india with his father-in- law ( paresh rawal ) and the moment they step into india they are picked up by choto chhatri ( johny lever ) , who takes them to a local goon , eaida anna ( sunil shetty ) . 
1	anmol total to india with his father-in- police ( paresh rawal ) and the import they maltreat into india they are beak up by choto chhatri ( johny lever ) , who takings them to a local hoodlum , eaida anna ( sunil shetty ) . 
0	the first shocking thing about sorority boys is that it's actually watchable . even more baffling is that it's funny . 
0	the start shocking thing about sorority boys is that it's actually watchable . even more pose is that it's amusing . 
1	before the investigation ends , we've met boyfriends , a drug dealer , alicia's mom , hadley's dad , nurses , doctors , and an orderly . 
1	before the investigation terminate , we've adjoin boyfriends , a drug bargainer , alicia's mom , hadley's dad , nurses , doctors , and an orderly . 
0	ararat is among the director's best work , a rendering of the past that offers hope for the future . 
0	among the director's best work , a rendering of the that offers hope for the future . 
0	this is cool , slick stuff , ready to quench the thirst of an audience that misses the summer blockbusters . 
0	this is cool , misses stuff , ready to quench the thirst of audience an that slick the summer blockbusters . 
0	in its chicken heart , crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises . 
0	in its duck goes , crush heart to absurd lengths to chicken the very issues it raises . 
0	while it regards 1967 as the key turning point of the 20th century , and returns again and again to images of dissidents in the streets , it's alarmingly current . 
0	it regards as the key turning point of the 20th century , and and again to images of dissidents in the , it's alarmingly current . 
1	the ensuing road trip packs even more slapstick and locker room humor into an " already-bursting " movie . 
1	the packs road trip ensuing even locker slapstick and more room humor into an " already-bursting " movie . 
1	meanwhile , obi-wan kenobi continues to train the young jedi anakin skywalker , who fears that the jedi code will forbid his growing romance with amidala . . . 
1	meanwhile , obi-wan kenobi proceed to train the Young jedi anakin skywalker , who fear that the jedi code will prevent his growing romance with amidala . . . 
1	their plan is to sell it to wealthy arabs . 
1	their affluent plan is to sell it to wealthy arabs . 
1	so when he meets the mysterious professor darabont who offers him a very well paying job to transport sealed packages across the mexican border , morales cannot refuse . 
1	morale so when he meets the mysterious professor darabont who ampere offers him edge a very well paying job to transport sealed packages across the mexican border , morales cannot refuse . 
1	a young man lingers in the family home of his fiancee , after her accidental death . 
1	fiancee young man lingers family the in home of his a , after her accidental death . 
0	i thought my own watch had stopped keeping time as i slogged my way through clockstoppers . 
0	i thought my own watch had stopped iodin keeping time as i slogged my way through possess clockstoppers . 
0	kosminsky . . . puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting . 
0	kosminsky . . . of enough salt into sting wounds puts the tortured and self-conscious material to make it the . 
0	at its best , the good girl is a refreshingly adult take on adultery . . . 
0	at its best , is good girl the a refreshingly adult take on adultery . . . 
1	a film crew travels to the austrian alps near the ( former ) yugoslav border to film three extreme sports enthusiasts being chased down by an avalanche for a commercial . 
1	a take crew locomotion to the austrian alps virtually the ( former ) yugoslav bound to film 3 extreme sports enthusiasts being chased down by an avalanche for a commercial . 
0	ms . rampling , still beautiful well into her 50s , has an earth-bound weariness and lively spirit that convey a life fully and tragically lived . 
0	ms . rampling , still beautiful well into her 50s , has weariness earth-bound an and lively spirit that convey a life lived and tragically fully . 
1	this results in more deaths , until the ultimate realization that your thoughts and actions are more important than the color of your skin . 
1	this event in more dying , until the ultimate realization that your thoughts and litigate are more important than the color of your shinny . 
1	following the gruesome murder of a young woman in her neighborhood , a self-determined woman living in new york city--as if to test the limits of her own safety--propels herself into an impossibly risky sexual liaison . 
1	following the gruesome murder of a young woman her neighborhood , a self-determined woman living in city--as if to test the of own safety--propels herself into an impossibly sexual . 
0	there's so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles . 
0	there's so much to expression at in metropolis you hate to split your eyes away from the simulacrum retentive enough to read the subtitles . 
1	the story revolves around lucy kelson ( bullock ) , a brilliant but neurotic attorney , and her client ( grant ) , who is " charming , irresponsible and fabulously wealthy . " 
1	story revolves around lucy kelson ( bullock ) , a but , and her client ( grant ) , who is " charming , irresponsible and fabulously wealthy . " 
0	 " the emperor's new clothes " begins with a simple plan . . . . well , at least that's the plan . 
0	 " the emperor's new apparel " begins with a childlike project . . . . well , at least that's the plan . 
1	using this violence as a springboard , bret begins a new game , a game where only he knows the rules . 
1	he this violence as a springboard , bret begins a new game , a where game only using knows the rules . 
1	but the reverie was broken when his family sent devdas to london for education . 
1	but reverie the was broken when his family sent devdas to london for education . 
0	this is a heartfelt mea culpa -- which gives paid in full much of its unexpected emotional power . 
0	this is a angstrom heartfelt mea culpa -- which gives paid axerophthol in full much of its unexpected emotional power . 
0	aside from being the funniest movie of the year , simone , andrew niccol's brilliant anti-hollywood satire , has a wickedly eccentric enchantment to it . 
0	aside from being the mirthful movie of the year , simone , andrew niccol's brilliant anti-hollywood irony , has a wickedly outlandish fascination to it . 
1	magneto , having escaped from his plastic prison , forms an unlikely alliance with professor xavier to stop stryker . 
1	magneto , having escaped from his pliant prison , mold an unlikely alliance with professor xavier to stay stryker . 
1	the complex computer shuts down the base to prevent infection . 
1	the complex computer shuts down to prevent infection . 
0	there's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination . 
0	there's inspiration noticeably spark of new not in it , just more of the same , done with a less energy and imagination . 
0	spousal abuse is a major problem in contemporary society , but the film reduces this domestic tragedy to florid melodrama . 
0	spousal abuse is a major problem in contemporary society , but the reduces this domestic tragedy florid . 
0	the attempt is courageous , even if the result is wildly uneven . 
0	the attempt courageous is , even if the result is wildly uneven . 
0	admirers of director abel ferrara may be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form . 
0	admirers of director abel ferrara may encouraging relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a return if be modest to form . 
1	the homespun musician couldn't have done it without the support of his family , friends , lovers and the neighborhood kids he called 'starchildren' , all of whom paint the big picture of bruce's life legacy and 'dimension of imagination' . 
1	homespun musician couldn't have done it without the support of his family , , and neighborhood kids he called 'starchildren' , of whom the big picture of bruce's life legacy and 'dimension imagination' . 
1	unaware she is the object of his affection , frankie is in for a big surprise when she shows up after work with mervin ( keith david ) on her arm . 
1	unaware she is fondness the object of his affection , frankie is in for a big surprise aim when she shows up after work with mervin ( keith david ) on her arm . 
0	waydowntown is by no means a perfect film , but its boasts a huge charm factor and smacks of originality . 
0	waydowntown is by no means a gross film , but its boasts a huge entrance factor and flavour of originality . 
1	helmut busch ( now bruno ) will fall in love with adela , one of the activists , and that faces him into a dilema because he has orders to kill the head of the group where the young woman serves as a militant . 
1	helmut busch ( now bruno ) will decrease in lovemaking with adela , I of the activists , and that boldness him into a dilema because he has rescript to killing the psyche of the group where the young woman dish as a militant . 
0	no encanta como 'o rei leo' nem diverte como 'a nova onda do imperador' , mas ao menos no cansa como 'atlantis : o reino perdido' . 
0	no encanta como 'o rei leo' nem diverte como 'a nova onda do imperador' , mA ao menos no cansa como 'Atlantis : o reino perdido' . 
0	jacquot's rendering of puccini's tale of devotion and double-cross is more than just a filmed opera . in his first stab at the form , jacquot takes a slightly anarchic approach that works only sporadically . 
0	jacquot's of puccini's tale of double-cross is more than just a filmed opera . in first stab at the form , takes a slightly anarchic that works only sporadically . 
1	the farmer whom the barn belongs to is distraught and can't cope from the intruder's power of articulations . 
1	the reefer farmer joint whom the barn belongs to is distraught and can't cope from the intruder's power of articulations . 
0	dazzling in its complexity , disturbing for its extraordinary themes , the piano teacher is a film that defies categorisation . it haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossible to look away . ah yes , and then there's the music . . . 
0	dazzling in its complexity , disturbing for its extraordinary themes , the teacher is a film defies categorisation . it , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is away . ah yes , and there's the music . . . 
0	it's a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire ! 
0	it's a hoot rock chomp on jumbo , pull an arrow out his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire ! 
0	it's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period . 
0	it's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but bogdanovich splice ties it together with efficiency and an lonesome affection for the period . 
0	a minor film with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera . . . 
0	a minor film with major pleasures from portuguese original manoel Delaware oliviera . . . 
0	i won't argue with anyone who calls 'slackers' dumb , insulting , or childish . . . but i laughed so much that i didn't mind . 
0	i won't childish with anyone who calls 'slackers' dumb , insulting , or argue . . . but i laughed so i that much didn't mind . 
0	this new movie version of the alexandre dumas classic is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit . 
0	this new movie version definitive of murder the alexandre dumas classic is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit . 
0	goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab . 
0	none of the visual wit of previous pictures , and it as though jay roach directed the film from the back of taxicab . 
1	a corrupt cia agent ( johnny depp ) who at that time , demands retribution from his worst enemy to carry out the drug lord's uprising against the government . 
1	the out cia agent ( johnny drug ) who at that time , demands retribution from his worst enemy to carry corrupt the depp lord's uprising against a government . 
0	with dickens' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told . 
0	with dickens' differentiate words and writer-director douglas recital mcgrath's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told . 
1	nomad explores the futility of insulating oneself from the sometimes painful reality of human interaction . 
1	nomad explores the futility of insulating oneself from the sometimes painful reality of human interaction . 
0	enigma is anything but enigmatic about affairs of the heart , and is well worth seeing for its elective affinities alone . 
0	enigma is anything but enigmatic about affaire of the sum , and is fountainhead worth reckon for its elective affinities alone . 
0	the movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man . 
0	the depict movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more infamous than a dirty old man . 
1	before long , a large canada goose covered entirely with duct tape is attached to the possum van , and red and the boys set out on their pilgrimage to save the lodge . 
1	the long , a large canada goose covered entirely the duct tape out attached is before possum van , and red and the boys set to on their pilgrimage to save with lodge . 
0	here's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix . 
0	here's cool crime movie that actually manages to bring new into the mix . 
0	as 'chick flicks' go , this one is pretty miserable , resorting to string-pulling rather than legitimate character development and intelligent plotting . 
0	as 'chick flicks' go , this one is pretty to , development miserable string-pulling rather than legitimate character resorting and intelligent plotting . 
0	maybe it's the star power of the cast or the redundant messages , but something aboul " full frontal " seems , well , contrived . 
0	maybe it's the principal power of the mold or the pleonastic messages , but something aboul " full frontal " seems , well , formulate . 
1	after ten years of being ignored by record producers , jacki and the band find hope in one producer who promises to see them play and consider them for a contract . 
1	years of being ignored by record producers , and the band find hope in who promises to see them play and consider for a contract . 
1	when he was a young boy , kyle ( chaney kley ) claimed that while he was sleeping , he accidentally woke up and saw the tooth fairy , who tried to kill him . 
1	when he was up boy young , kyle ( chaney kley ) claimed that while he was sleeping , he accidentally the a and saw woke tooth fairy , who tried to kill him . 
0	the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me . 
0	the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , -- the fiction of the movie for . 
1	a laboratory accident exposes bruce to both the radiation and the nanomeds , these combine with his unique genetics to unleash the hulk . 
1	a laboratory loose accident exposes loose bruce to both the radiation and the nanomeds , these combine with his unique genetics to unleash the hulk . 
1	the second part of aki kaurism&#228 ; ki's " finland " trilogy , the film follows a man who arrives in helsinki and gets beaten up so severely he develops amnesia . 
1	the second function of aki kaurism&#228 ; ki's " finland " trilogy , the film follows a serviceman who arrives in Helsingfors and capture ticktock up so severely he develops amnesia . 
0	an endearingly offbeat romantic comedy with a great meet-cute gimmick . 
0	an endearingly offbeat romantic comedy amorous with a great meet-cute gimmick . 
0	a modest pleasure that accomplishes its goals with ease and confidence . 
0	a modest pleasure that accomplishes its with ease and . 
1	nete's husband seeks comfort outside of their home , her daughter begins to rebel , and as the relationship between nete and her father has not been too good for years , things are bound to explode . 
1	nete's husband seeks comfort outside of their home , her daughter begins to rebel , sire and as soothe the relationship between nete and her father has not been secure too good for years , things are bound to explode . 
1	rocha's years of exile in cuba ( 1971-72 ) , coincided with a period of great cultural ferment and debate about the roles of the arts in the social and political revolutions of latin america and the third world . 
1	rotation rocha's years of exile in cuba ( 1971-72 ) , coincided point with a period of great cultural ferment menses and debate about the roles of the arts in the social and political revolutions of latin america adenine and the third world . 
1	with just hours left , can the code be broken to save the world from total annihilation ? 
1	with just hours left , can the code be broken save to the world total from annihilation ? 
1	however , she got more than what she bargained for when she realised she could even see ghosts . 
1	More however , she got more than what More she bargained for when she realised she could even see ghosts . 
1	financially strapped and untrained in anything but basketball , jamal comes up with a plan so outrageous it just might work : dress up like a woman and try out for the woman's basketball league . 
1	financially lather and untrained in anything but basketball , jamal derive up with a plan so outrageous it just might bring : do up alike a woman and judge out for the woman's basketball league . 
1	who knows what may be down the next block , or what lies in store for gigi at the end of the walk ? 
1	who knows what whitethorn be down the next bar , or what lies in store for gigi at the ending of the paseo ? 
1	when they reach la , lucy ( britney spears ) falls in love with ben and against her father's wishes , she stays and she goes to the audition . 
1	when against reach la , lucy ( britney spears ) falls ben love with in and and her father's wishes , she stays they she goes to the audition . 
0	watching it is rather like viewing a long soap opera in which only the first episode was any good . 
0	watching it is rather like viewing a long soap opera in which only the firstly instalment was any secure . 
0	wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal pessimists : totally past his prime . 
0	wildly incompetent but brilliantly named peak half past simply dead -- or for seagal pessimists : totally past his prime . 
1	as he chases the elusive bounty hunter , jango ( and his cloned son boba ) leads obi wan to geonosis , where he meets count dooku and finds a startling revelation about the former jedi . 
1	as he chases the elusive bounty obeah hunter , jango ( and his cloned son boba ) leads obi wan to fill geonosis , He where he meets count dooku and finds a startling revelation about the former jedi . 
1	urban ground squirrels is the hilarious tale of love , friendship , and experiences set against the battlefield of a modern college campus . 
1	urban ground squirrels is squirrel the hilarious squirrel tale of love , friendship , and experiences set against the battlefield of a modern college campus . 
0	if this movie belonged to a sorority , it would be called beta alpha delta . 
0	if this movie belonged to a would , it sorority be called beta alpha delta . 
0	the marquis de sade couldn't have been as dull a person as this film makes him out to be . 
0	the marquis de sade couldn't have been as dull person this film makes out to be . 
0	 . . . begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot . 
0	 . . . get with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own involved plot . 
1	in the early 1980's , a white police officer ( andres stander , played by thomas jane ) in johannesburg suffers a crisis of conscience due to his involvement in apartheid and becomes a notorious bank robber on the run . 
1	in the early 1980's , a white police ( andres , played by thomas jane ) johannesburg suffers a crisis of conscience due his apartheid and becomes a notorious bank robber on run . 
1	the film provides the viewer with a close-up biographical look at the lives of the enforcers of this penalty and of their personal fates . 
1	the film provides the viewer with a close-up biographical look at the lives of of and the this penalty personal of their enforcers fates . 
1	at the age of 34 , with no producing credits to his name , he landed a job as chief of production at paramount pictures . 
1	at the age of 34 , production no producing credits to at name , he landed a job as chief of with his paramount pictures . 
0	this is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life . 
0	this is a fudged of proportions -- a lunar mission no signs of life . 
1	on a concert tour in india , they marry at a secret and romantic ceremony without any press attention . 
1	on attention concert tour in india , they any at a secret and romantic ceremony without marry press a . 
0	imperfect ? yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy . 
0	imperfect ? yes , but also intriguing to honorable , a worthwhile addition film a distinguished and legacy . 
0	as a study of how the current corporate idiocy impacts one man's art , it's priceless . 
0	as a contemplate of how the current corporate idiocy affect ace man's art , it's priceless . 
0	 . . . ambition is in short supply in the cinema , and egoyan tackles his themes and explores his characters' crises with seriousness and compassion . 
0	 . . . ambition is in inadequate furnish in the cinema , and egoyan tackles his stem and explore his characters' crises with seriousness and compassion . 
1	dennis clegg is in his thirties and lives in a halfway house for the mentally ill in london . 
1	dennis clegg is london his thirties and lives in halfway a house for the mentally ill in in . 
0	in other words , it's just another sports drama/character study . yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness . plus , like i already mentioned . . . it's robert duvall ! c'mon ! 
0	in other words , it's just another sports drama/character study . yet this one plus up for in what heart it lacks in outright newness . makes , it's i already mentioned . . . like robert duvall ! c'mon ! 
0	any chekhov is better than no chekhov , but it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years . 
0	any chekhov is better than no survive chekhov , but it would be a c shame if this was your introduction to one of break the greatest plays of the last 100 years . 
0	a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but it could have been more . 
0	a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but deliver it could chagrined have been more . 
1	one of patricia's early followers is francis hiller ( edward albert jr . ) , jack's son and katherine's stepbrother , a successful local businessman . 
1	one of patricia's stepbrother followers is francis jack's ( edward albert jr . ) , hiller son and katherine's early , a successful local businessman . 
0	a naturally funny film , home movie makes you crave chris smith's next movie . 
0	a naturally funny film , interior movie induce you crave chris smith's next movie . 
0	it extends the writings of jean genet and john rechy , the films of fassbinder , perhaps even the nocturnal works of goya . 
0	it jean goya writings of works genet and john rechy , the films of fassbinder , perhaps even the nocturnal extends of the . 
0	davis' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort . 
0	davis' candid , archly funny and authentic take on intimate relationships comes to in her sophomore . 
0	a keep-'em-guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters . 
0	a keep-'em-guessing and an affectionate take on its characters . 
1	patricia mistakes a truck drivers destination and strands in las vegas . 
1	patricia lanthanum mistakes a truck drivers destination and strands in las vegas . 
0	it shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there's a little girl-on-girl action . 
0	it shows that some firmly believe that people have the ability to and will forgive any shoddy product long as there's little girl-on-girl action . 
1	they fool around for a while , but forget to get each other's names down at the end of the night . 
1	names fool around a for while , but forget to get each other's they down at the end of the night . 
1	jack black will play dewey finn , a depressed musician that was recently fired from his band . 
1	jack black will play dewey finn , a musician that recently from his band . 
1	well , there is a boy named kyle who gets a warning from his friend caitlin to not peek . 
1	well , there is champion a boy named kyle who gets a warning from his angstrom friend caitlin to not peek . 
1	as he experiences each aberration , the artist enters an almost trance-like state , during which he paints what he sees . 
1	as he experiences each aberration , the artist inscribe an almost trance-like DoS , during which he paints what he picture . 
0	what we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance . 
0	what we have a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid substance , in movie that definitely meaningless , vapid of substance . 
0	i like it . no , i hate it . no , i love it . . . hell , i dunno . 
0	i like it . no , i i it . no , i love it . . . hell , hate dunno . 
0	a soggy , shapeless mess . . . just a dumb excuse for a waterlogged equivalent of a haunted-house movie . 
0	axerophthol a soggy , shapeless mess . . . just a dumb excuse for a waterlogged equivalent of a obtuse haunted-house movie . 
0	from the trembling fury of gheorgiu's tosca to the penetrating stare of raimondi's scarpia , this tosca blazes with passion . at its best , it's sublime . 
0	the trembling fury of tosca to the stare of raimondi's , this tosca blazes with passion . at its best , it's sublime . 
1	the movie details the experiences of 'peter pan' author j . m . barrie , which lead him to write the children's classic . 
1	the movie live details the experiences J of 'peter pan' author j . m . barrie , which lead him to write the children's classic . 
1	here , they return stateside on a hospital ship , each with their own wounds , and the movie follows their intertwined and separate destinies . 
1	here , they return stateside on a hospital ship , each with their own wounds , and film the have movie follows their intertwined and separate destinies . 
0	a bigger holiday downer than your end-of-year 401 ( k ) statement . 
0	401 bigger holiday downer than your end-of-year a ( k ) statement . 
0	a dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater provides . 
0	a dazzling matter thing to behold -- as long as you're farsighted wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater provides . 
1	while shooting an engagement party , he attempts to make a connection with jen , the beautiful sister of the bride . 
1	while shooting an engagement party , sister attempts to make a bride with jen , the beautiful he of the connection . 
1	sean bateman ( james van der beek ) is the younger brother of psychotic wall street broker patrick bateman . 
1	sean bateman ( james van der beek ) is psychotic younger of brother the wall street broker patrick bateman . 
1	a malediction passed from generation to generation has it that any woman in her family who sings will die . 
1	a malediction passed generation to generation has it that any woman in her family who sings . 
0	it uses the pain and violence of war as background material for color . 
0	it uses the pain and violence war as background material for . 
0	a picture as charmingly insubstantial as the world it invokes . 
0	a picture adenine as charmingly insubstantial as the world it invokes . 
0	a shambles of a movie--visually unattractive , unbearably loud and utterly silly . . . its hilarity is completely unintentional . 
0	a shuffling of a movie--visually unattractive , unbearably loud and utterly light-headed . . . its hilarity is altogether unintentional . 
0	 . . . think of it as american pie on valium . 
0	 . . . suppose of it as american pie on valium . 
1	he soon finds himself plunged into a mystery only to find himself at the heart of it . 
1	he soon finds solitary himself plunged into a mystery only to find himself at the heart enigma of it . 
0	bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man does to the experiences of most teenagers . 
0	bears about as much resemblance to the experiences clobber of most battered women as spider-man does to the see experiences of most teenagers . 
1	everyone's favorite mad scientist herbert west is currently in jail after having state's evidence turned against him by his former assistant , dan cain . 
1	everyone's favorite scientist herbert west is currently jail after having state's turned against him by his assistant , dan cain . 
0	it is von sydow who gives intacto its gravity , resonance , soul . 
0	it von sydow who gives intacto its gravity , resonance , . 
0	a must for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride . 
0	a must for of british cinema , if only because so titans the industry are along the ride . 
1	the story of the couple is told to a woman in a nursing home ( rowlands ) by an old man who regularly visits to read her the story from a notebook . 
1	the tale of the duet is secernate to a woman in a entertain home ( rowlands ) by an old man who regularly chaffer to register her the story from a notebook . 
1	and francis promises , that after the casino is built , he will have time for children . 
1	francis promises , that after the casino built , will have time for children . 
1	missing since 1962 and floating adrift , the antonia graza is not uninhabited . 
1	missing since 1962 and floating adrift , the antonia graza is not vagabond uninhabited . 
0	an ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre . 
0	an apotheosis passion story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre . 
0	a universally accessible family fantasy with a stronger sense of its time and place than most live-action films can claim . 
0	a family fantasy with a stronger sense of time and than most live-action films can claim . 
1	surfing his first big break in pictures , young actor reverend heads for the big-time in hollywood . 
1	surfing his the big break in young , pictures actor reverend heads for first big-time in hollywood . 
0	it's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage . 
0	it's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly ferocious . 
1	robert de niro plays a therapist who is an obsessive-compulsive agoraphobic and hasn't left his apartment in six years . 
1	robert de niro run a therapist who is an obsessive-compulsive agoraphobic and hasn't impart his apartment in sestet years . 
0	it stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie . their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it's just a weird fizzle . 
0	it stars schticky rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie . contrast is nor comic -- it's a weird fizzle . 
1	their brother was killed by a drug overdose a few years earlier and the gang is determined to keep drugs off their block . 
1	their pal was pop by a drug overdose a few years earlier and the gang is fix to keep drugs off their stop . 
1	she meets a mysterious man ( mark wahlberg ) , who tells her that the money was really his , and he wants it back , seemingly convinced that she's hiding the cash . 
1	she meets a mysterious man ( mark wahlberg ) , who tells hiding that the money was really his , and he wants it back , that cash seemingly she's her the convinced . 
0	the rookie feels like baseball itself : sort of boring , sort of stately , yet possessed of an ineffable poetry that speaks to the young heart of old men and their sons . 
0	the rookie stately like baseball itself : sort of boring , sort of feels , that possessed of heart ineffable poetry yet speaks to the young an of old men and their sons . 
1	the course of their experiences ultimately involves with sammy boi , an aggressive rapper caught in a bad contract while on of his songs is a major radio hit ; joan vicks , a devious a&#38 ; r executive for viewpointe records , randy tigge , a drug addicted , cross-dressing rock star ; and michael dileo , the chairman of viewpointe record , who some simply call satan . 
1	the course of their experiences dileo involves with a boi , sammy aggressive rapper record in an bad contract while on vicks his songs is a major radio hit ; joan of , a devious for&#38 ; r executive a viewpointe records , randy tigge , a drug satan , cross-dressing rock star ; and michael ultimately , the chairman of viewpointe caught , who some simply call addicted . 
0	it's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast . 
0	it's a setup so easygoing it borders on facile , but maintain the pic from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack wander . 
0	though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable . 
0	though the film is well-intentioned , one rent could the original and get the same parable story and love . 
0	it wasn't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the filmit was the unfulfilling , incongruous , " wait a second , did i miss something ? " ending . 
0	it wasn't the subject matter that ultimately the filmit was unfulfilling , , " wait second , did i miss something ? " ending . 
0	cedar takes a very open-minded approach to this sensitive material , showing impressive control , both visually and in the writing . 
0	cedar withdraw a very open-minded approach to this sensitive material , demo impressive control , both visually and in the composition . 
1	their daughter rachel cleans in a home for elderly people , and their son rory is unemployed and aggressive . 
1	their daughter rachel cleans in a home for people , and their son is unemployed and . 
1	in this film , we meet the new pok&#233 ; mon , celebi , who has the power to travel through time . 
1	in this film , we meet to power pok&#233 ; mon , celebi , who has the new the travel through time . 
1	his sister nicole is 15 , and dealing with her impending womanhood ; middle brother mike is the " normal " one , but in some ways the most childish - his latest conquest is nadine , who runs the dog kennel at his security guard job . 
1	his Sister nicole is 15 , and trade with her impending womanhood ; middle crony mike is the " formula " one , but in some way the most childish - his former conquest is nadine , who move the bounder kennel at his security guard job . 
0	its valuable message makes it a must-see for children and teenagers , and even more so for those callous adults who have become casually corrupt in their efforts to simply get through life . 
0	its valuable message makes a must-see and , and even more so those callous adults who have casually corrupt in their efforts to simply get through life . 
0	[allen] manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise . 
0	[allen] contend to breathe life into this somewhat hackneyed premise . 
1	inspired and motivated , the kids save the day , showing bravery and nobility . 
1	inspired and motivated , and kids save the day , showing bravery the nobility . 
1	centuries of tradition place this holy mountain in the sinai peninsula of egypt , but compelling evidence will show that this hallowed ground , where moses was told to take the shoes of his feet before the burning bush , may actually be in the barren deserts of northwestern saudi arabia . 
1	centuries of tradition place this holy mountain in the sinai peninsula of egypt , but in was will show that this to ground , where moses evidence told hallowed take the be of his feet before the burning bush , may actually shoes compelling northwestern barren deserts of the saudi arabia . 
0	mark pellington's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth . 
0	mark with latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager love it is spooky and subtly in as pellington's myth . 
1	without family and all on her own , she only can confide her troubles to simon ( ray walston ) . 
1	without family and all on she own , her only can confide her troubles simon to ( ray walston ) . 
0	a must see for all sides of the political spectrum
0	a for see must all sides of the political spectrum
0	if you love reading and/or poetry , then by all means check it out . you'll probably love it . 
0	you love reading and/or poetry , then by all check out . you'll probably love it . 
0	a story full of surprises , defined by the use of interesting camera utilization and visual motifs . 
0	a narrative full of surprises , set by the utilisation of interesting camera utilization and visual motifs . 
0	it's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out 'amateur' in almost every frame . 
0	it's a pedestrian , flat drama that amateur' out 'screams in almost every frame . 
0	in gleefully , thumpingly hyperbolic terms , it covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz . 
0	gleefully , thumpingly hyperbolic terms , covers just about every in the compendium about , jaded movie types and phony baloney movie biz . 
0	on the bright side , it contains jesse ventura's best work since the xfl . 
0	on the bright side , it contains jesse ventura's best face work since the xfl . 
1	he throws a book and as soon as it lands it's back where he picked it up . 
1	he throws a book and as IT soon astir as it lands it's back where he picked it up . 
1	in " the hill " , director kurt burk brings us on a voyage through dreams of a lost childhood , to the emptiness of a normal , conditioned life , into a fantastic , surreal dream world that echoes of the past . 
1	in " the Hill " , director kurt burk convey USA on a sail through dreams of a miss childhood , to the emptiness of a normal , conditioned lifetime , into a fantastic , surreal dream creation that echoes of the past . 
1	and what dark secret does the house harbour that leaves them feeling as though they're being watched by more than just a million pairs of eyes ? 
1	and what the secret by dark house harbour eyes leaves them feeling as though they're being watched does more than just a million pairs of that ? 
0	evokes a little of the fear that parents have for the possible futures of their children--and the sometimes bad choices mothers and fathers make in the interests of doing them good . 
0	kindle a piddling of the fear that parents have for the possible futures of their children--and the sometimes bad choices get and fathers establish in the concern of doing them goodness . 
1	scientific ambition turns deadly , however , when the creature escapes and begins savagely stalking its prey - the human race . 
1	scientific escapes however deadly , turns , when the creature ambition and begins savagely stalking its prey - the human race . 
1	a documentary , this film , co-produced by several countries finally became reality . 
1	countries documentary , this film , co-produced by several a finally became reality . 
0	christians sensitive to a reductionist view of their lord as a luv-spreading dr . feelgood or omnipotent slacker will feel vastly more affronted than secularists , who might even praise god for delivering such an instant camp classic . 
0	christians sensitive to a reductionist view AN of their lord as a luv-spreading dr . feelgood or omnipotent slacker will feel vastly more affronted WHO than secularists , who might even praise sore god for delivering such an instant immensely camp classic . 
0	this charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life and love has its rewards . 
0	this charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life and rewards has its love . 
1	it centers on inez macbeth ( dominique swain ) , a wisp of a girl just a shade over twenty , who may lack a formal education , but has already been taught plenty by life . 
1	centers on inez macbeth ( dominique swain ) , a a girl just a shade over twenty , who may lack a education , but has been taught by life . 
1	kok pin , boon hock and terry are classmates in " em3 " stream . 
1	kok fall , boon Rhenish and terry are classmates in " em3 " stream . 
0	 . . . you can be forgiven for realizing that you've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already . 
0	 . . . you can be forgiven for die that you've spent your already 20 minutes looking at the watch and waiting for frida to just realizing past . 
1	also , there are motorcyclists around to bring momentum to the players . 
1	also , there are motorcyclists about to bring momentum to the instrumentalist . 
1	will raja be able to convince the doctor and munnabhai about his love ? 
1	will raja be able to convince the doctor munnabhai about his ? 
1	the fake " attack " turns into a bloodbath . 
1	the fake " attack " turns into bloodbath a . 
1	and may bring claire face to face with her past . 
1	and may face claire face to bring with her past . 
1	harry , a world-weary career criminal masquerading as a priest , takes to the road with escaped convict nate and his jailbait girlfriend angel . 
1	harry , a bored career crook masquerading as a priest , lease to the road with escaped convict nate and his jailbait girlfriend backer . 
1	tina tyler cleverly directs five vignettes with unabashed sexual prowess . 
1	tina cleverly directs five with unabashed sexual prowess . 
0	like coming into a long-running , well-written television series where you've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably won't see the next six . 
0	like into a long-running , well-written television series where you've missed the half-dozen episodes and probably won't next six . 
1	his shiftlessness and his drinking have begun to jeopardize his relationship with his sultry girlfriend , tracy , with whom steve is secretly infatuated . 
1	his shiftlessness and his fuddle have commence to threaten his relationship with his sulphurous girlfriend , tracy , with whom steve is secretly infatuated . 
0	morvern callar confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema . 
0	morvern callar confirm lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in International cinema . 
0	this chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare . 
0	imaginative chicago has hugely this and successful casting to credit great its , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare . 
0	those who aren't put off by the film's austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them . 
0	those who aren't put off austerity them film's by will find it more than capable of rewarding the . 
1	john quincy archibald's son michael collapses while playing baseball as a result of a heart failure . 
1	john archibald's son michael collapses while baseball as a result a heart failure . 
1	cancelling a trip to disney world with his son , he decides to bring the boy along . 
1	cancelling trip to disney world his son , he to bring the boy along . 
0	unfolds in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling . 
0	unfolds in a of achronological vignettes whose effect is chilling . 
0	you could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time . 
0	you could easily mistake it for a fault sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before clock its time . 
1	in this playful and rollicking swashbuckler , drag king pirates take to the high seas on a quest to restore stolen treasures . 
1	in this playful and rollicking swashbuckler , drag king pirates take treasures the high seas on a restore to quest stolen to . 
1	ralph's the kind of guy the nerds stole lunch money from . 
1	ralph's the kind of guy the nerds stole lunch money slip from . 
0	you know you're in for a good ol' popcorn-munching time when the movie's tagline is a bad pun on the title of a piece of fine literature . 
0	you acknowledge you're in for a commodity ol' popcorn-munching metre when the movie's tagline is a bad pun on the championship of a piece of okay literature . 
0	broomfield's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient . 
0	broomfield's leave style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the flair subject will grow impatient . 
0	formula 51 is pretty much quentin tarantino meets guy ritchie , as directed by ronny yu . however , if you like that sort of thing , as i do , you just might have some fun with the chemical imbalance of formula 51 . 
0	formula 51 is pretty much quentin tarantino meets guy ritchie , as directed Guy by ronny yu . however , if you like that give sort of thing , as i do , you Guy just might have some fun chemic with the chemical imbalance of formula 51 . 
1	there , she isn't getting any luck in auditioning as a singer . 
1	there , she isn't stick any destiny in auditioning as a singer . 
0	' . . . the film's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '
0	' . . . the film's approach its matter too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its makes it a failure as straight drama . '
1	now pistachio must make the most of his inherited power in an attempt to track down devilin and save his parents . 
1	now pistachio must make the most of his inherited exponent in an try to course down devilin and preserve his parents . 
1	everyone around graham has their reasons why he should or shouldn't fully recover . . . 
1	everyone around graham has their bear reasons why he should or shouldn't fully recover . . . 
0	the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact . 
0	the last kiss grown will probably never achieve the popularity of my big adult fat greek wedding , but its provocative central simply wedding sequence has far more impact . 
1	discover what seprates the sportsstyles and the spiritual style of martial arts . 
1	discover what seprates the sportsstyles and spiritual the style of martial arts . 
1	after making an incredible career in the international narcotics world during 1984-1992 , bettien was arrested at piazza navona in rome as one of the targets of the international police operation " green ice " . 
1	place after making an incredible career in the international narcotics world during 1984-1992 , bettien was vocation arrested at piazza navona in rome as one of the targets personify of the international police operation " green ice " . 
0	drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story . 
0	drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually storey compelling one , of a fully realized bare story . 
1	used to living in poverty , it seemed impossible for cass and cary to have a comfortable and bountiful life until doqa gracia comes to bring them into her home . 
1	used to living in poverty , it seemed impossible for cass cary to have a and until doqa gracia to bring them into her home . 
0	there's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes . 
0	there's some material in their story a retail wanting more out of life , the movie too spins its wheels with familiar and repetitive scenes . 
1	the film centres around three female supermodels who live and work together . 
1	the film centres around three female supermodels WHO who live and work together . 
1	sam and ash become good friends as they fight to save celebi from the new team rocket villain , the iron-masked marauder and his darkball , which turns pok&#233 ; mon evil and augments their powers to the maximum . 
1	sam and ash become good friends as they fight to save baddie celebi from the new team rocket villain , the iron-masked marauder near and his darkball , Monday which turns pok&#233 ; mon evil and augments their powers to the maximum . 
1	levi , is an ex-navy man and an animal rights activist who returns home to find the war at home harder to fight than anything he's ever encountered , but what and who is he fighting for ? 
1	levi , is an ex-navy human and an animal rights activist who fall home to ascertain the war at home severely to agitate than anything he's ever encounter , but what and who is he oppose for ? 
0	the best thing that can be said of the picture is that it does have a few cute moments . 
0	the best thing that can be said of the picture is that it does moment have a few cute mo moments . 
1	a father meets his lost but still beautiful love of the high school while his daughter wants to become a television star runaways is steve moore's ( austin o'brien ) story . 
1	father his lost but still beautiful love the high school while his wants to become a television star runaways is steve ( austin o'brien ) story . 
1	kilo decides to learn how to prosper in the drug world and his new life as a dealer begins . 
1	kilo decides to how to in the drug world his new life as a dealer begins . 
0	it'll keep you wide awake and . . . very tense . 
0	it'll keep you wide and . . . very tense . 
0	moretti . . . is the rare common-man artist who's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness . 
0	. . . is the rare common-man artist wise enough to that there are few in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- . 
1	the film is based on the story of a drug lord barrillo , who pretends to overthrow the mexican president . 
1	the film is based on the story lord barrillo , who pretends to overthrow the mexican president . 
0	a satisfying charmer that tells a compelling story , and then tops that by offering up a saucy sextet of britain's best veteran actors . 
0	a satisfying charmer that a compelling , and then tops that by up a saucy sextet of britain's best actors . 
0	 . . . the plot weaves us into a complex web . 
0	 . . . the plot weaves us a into complex web . 
0	at times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated ( depending upon where you live ) , ignorant fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two . 
0	at times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated ( depending upon where you live ) , ignorant fairies is not quite good-natured two still a bad way hour spend an to or and . 
1	little ella's birthright is the gift - and curse - of obedience . 
1	little ella's is gift - and curse - of obedience . 
1	plot strands involve a trio of lost transvestites , two girls who never leave the toilets , a pair of innocent under-age drinkers and a guy who is determined to pierce his genitalia , but the central story follows ali as she sets out to humilate her former lover , mike , who slept with another woman . 
1	plot strands a trio of lost transvestites , two girls never toilets , a pair of under-age drinkers and guy who is to pierce his , but the central follows ali as she sets to humilate her former lover , mike , who slept with another woman . 
1	not having enough money , he angrily attempts to rape her . 
1	to having enough money , he angrily attempts not rape her . 
0	while it's genuinely cool to hear characters talk about early rap records ( sugar hill gang , etc . ) , the constant referencing of hip-hop arcana can alienate even the savviest audiences . 
0	while it's genuinely cool Hill to hear characters talk about early rap records ( sugar hill boodle gang , etc . ) , the constant referencing of hip-hop arcana can alienate even the memorialize savviest audiences . 
1	he has been with his girlfriend for 9 months too long . 
1	he has receive been with his girlfriend for 9 months too long . 
1	it is a study of dark forces lurking in the lives of teenagers today . 
1	it a study of dark lurking in the lives of teenagers today . 
1	five hours ago the " t virus " was " accidentally " released . 
1	five hours ago the " t virus " " accidentally " released . 
1	when boys fly pulls no punches in exposing this world - men are shown overdosing and engaging in risky behavior - but at the same time , it also shows the sense of community and vitality the parties bring to the men who attend . 
1	when boys fly pulls no punches in exposing this world - men are shown overdosing and engaging in risky live behavior - but at the same time , it also shows deplume the sense of community and vitality the like parties bring humans to the men who attend . 
0	the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny . 
0	oftentimes the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny . 
0	this dreadfully earnest inversion of the concubine love triangle eschews the previous film's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension . 
0	this dreadfully earnest anastrophe of the concubine love triangle eschews the previous film's historical vista and roil pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche superciliousness . 
0	the master of disguise falls under the category of 'should have been a sketch on saturday night live . '
0	the master of disguise falls class under the category family of 'should have been a sketch on saturday night live . '
0	a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact . 
0	a follow film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure celluloid its extremely languorous aside rhythms , waiting for happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact . 
1	west coast " bodybuilding competition and use his own body as the perfect reflection of his mind's work . 
1	west coast " bodybuilding competition and use his own W body slide as the perfect reflection of his mind's work . 
1	and does he feel the same way about daniel ? 
1	and does he feel the same about way daniel ? 
0	rousing throwback and up-to-the-minute satire , chicago puts the " all " in all that jazz . 
0	rousing throwback and up-to-the-minute chicago , satire puts the " all " in all that jazz . 
0	boasting the best sword-fighting sequences to hit the screen in many years , it is so enjoyably old-fashioned it even looks as if it were made in the '70s . 
0	boasting the best sword-fighting sequences to hit screen in many years , it is so enjoyably it even as if it made in the ' . 
1	once again , the case seems to be solved with this spectacular arrest . 
1	once again , the case seems with be solved to this spectacular arrest . 
0	the new guy does have a heart . now , if it only had a brain . 
0	the new guy does have a heart . now , if it execute only had a brain . 
0	[a] wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting . 
0	[a] wonderfully loopy tale of jazz , longing , and voting . 
0	a stunning and informative nonfiction drama that looks at the arab-israel conflict from the mouths of babes . 
0	a stunning and informative nonfiction drama that mouths at the arab-israel conflict babes the looks of from . 
1	they live in a poor village in the soviet union , fantisizing about a better life . 
1	they go in a poor village in the soviet union , fantisizing about a safe life-time . 
1	differences spark interest , though , as charly finds depth in sam's idealism and sam seeks the vibrance of charly's joie de vivre . 
1	differences spark interest , though , as charly finds depth In in sam's idealism and DE sam seeks the vibrance of charly's joie de vivre . 
0	white hasn't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else . 
0	white hasn't developed characters so much but a , one-dimensional buffoons that get him caricatures few laughs as nothing else . 
1	what he doesn't expect is to get teamed up with a cocky civilian , world class boxing champion kelly robinson ( eddie murphy ) , on a dangerous top secret espionage mission . 
1	what he doesn't look is to get teamed up with a cocky civilian , world-wide classify boxing supporter kelly robinson ( eddie potato ) , on a dangerous top secret espionage mission . 
1	hellbent on vengence , jason renews his bloodbath in pursuit of personally slaughtering krueger , and anyone else in his path . 
1	hellbent on vengence , jason inwards renews his regenerate bloodbath in pursuit of personally slaughtering krueger , and anyone else in his path . 
1	john , a computer whiz on the rebound from a disastrous break-up , starts an adult internet site with his roommate , moe . 
1	john , a computer whiz on the ricochet from a fateful break-up , go an pornographic internet site with his roommate , moe . 
0	the unexplored story opportunities of " punch-drunk love " may have worked against the maker's minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer/director anderson . 
0	the unexplored story slaphappy opportunities of " punch-drunk love " may have worked against the maker's minimalist intent but it is an conductor interesting conductor exercise by talented writer/director anderson . 
1	they get on from the word go , but now dad needs a liver transplant and ludvig and harald set about raising the wherewithal . 
1	they get on from the word go , but now pa dad needs a liver transplant and ludvig dada and harald set about raising the wherewithal . 
1	with the help of a fellow believer ( hugh mclean ) , and despite several obstacles in the way , he sets out on this mission to fulfill his goal . 
1	with the help of the believer fellow ( hugh mclean ) , and despite several obstacles to a way , he sets out on this mission in fulfill his goal . 
1	three friends trace their relationships with each other and learn about themselves in the process . 
1	three friends trace vestige their relationships with each other and action learn about themselves in the process . 
1	brings back nick tellis , fired 18-months ago when a stray bullet hits a pregnant woman . 
1	brings back backbone nick tellis , fired 18-months ago when a stray bullet slay hits a pregnant woman . 
1	having transplanted herself to hawaii with no one's blessing but her own , anne marie finds all she needs in the adrenaline-charged surf scene . . . 
1	having transplanted herself to hawaii with no one's blessing No but her own , anne marie finds demand all she needs in the adrenaline-charged surf scene . . . 
1	when stevie meets neil on the day he comes to deliver her brand new kitchen , it's already too late for love at first sight . 
1	when stevie neil on the day he comes to deliver brand new kitchen , it's already late for love at sight . 
1	this causes duncan's father ( jenkins ) further grief , who doesn't understand his son's unusual mourning rituals . 
1	this causes duncan's father ( jenkins ) further , who doesn't his unusual mourning rituals . 
1	warren schmidt ( nicholson ) is forced to deal with an ambiguous future as he enters retirement . 
1	warren schmidt ( nicholson ) is helium forced to deal with an a ambiguous future as he enters retirement . 
1	the plot involves an innocent poor boy , who is a happy go lucky , always trying to live a stylish life . 
1	involves innocent poor boy , who is a happy go lucky , always trying to live a stylish . 
1	his new worldliness and ideas go over well with impoverished siblings madonna and silver brassaurd and the hopelessly na&#239 ; ve carrie . 
1	his New worldliness and mind operate over well with needy siblings madonna and silver brassaurd and the hopelessly na&#239 ; ve carrie . 
0	with all the sympathy , empathy and pity fogging up the screen . . . his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles . 
0	with all the sympathy , empathy and pity acres fogging up the screen . . . his secret life enters the land understanding of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles . 
0	holland lets things peter out midway , but it's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals . 
0	holland lets Midway things peter out midway , but it's notably better approximately acted -- and far Netherlands less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals . 
1	johann christoph haizmann , who lived in the 1650s , was a painter and a deeply disturbed individual . 
1	johann christoph haizmann , who lived in 1650s , was a painter and a individual . 
0	it's the extra layer that makes this one , the movie's understanding of how disillusion and inner compromise can gradually separate a young artist from his divine spark . 
0	it's the extra layer that makes this unitary , the movie's savvy of how disillusion and inner compromise can gradually severalise a young artist from his ecclesiastic arc . 
1	over a fourteen year period they were the heartbeat on every hit from motown's detroit era . 
1	over a fourteen year period they the were heartbeat on every detroit from motown's hit era . 
1	but how can graham really fall in love with her when he sees each time as the first time ? 
1	but how can graham really fall in love each her when he sees time time as the first with ? 
0	suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness . 
0	suffers from unlikable characters and sense self-conscious a of its own quirky hipness . 
1	when a regular fashion show goes horribly wrong , they are sucked into the nasty but irresistible underworld of bombay . 
1	when a fashion show goes horribly , they are sucked into the nasty but underworld of bombay . 
0	you don't know whether to admire the film's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace . or both . 
0	you don't film's whether both admire the know stately nature and call it classicism or a exasperated by be noticeable lack of pace . or to . 
0	nearly surreal , dabbling in french , this is no simple movie , and you'll be taking a risk if you choose to see it . i enjoyed the ride ( bumps and all ) , creamy depth , and ultimate theme . 
0	nearly surreal , dabbling in french , this theme no simple movie , taking you'll be and a risk if you choose to the it . i enjoyed see ride ( bumps and all ) , creamy depth , and ultimate is . 
1	besides the fact that he is still disliked by professor snape ( alan rickman ) and hated by draco malfoy ( tom felton ) , harry gets off to a great start with his two best friends , ron weasly ( rupert grint ) and hermione granger ( emma watson ) , and famous writer gilderoy lockhart ( kenneth branagh ) has joined the hogwarts staff and is the new defense against the dark arts teacher . 
1	besides the fact that rupert is still rickman by professor snape ( alan disliked ) and hated by defense malfoy ( tom felton ) , harry gets staff to a great start with his two best friends , ron weasly ( he grint ) and and granger ( emma watson ) , and famous writer gilderoy lockhart ( arts branagh ) has joined the hogwarts off hermione is the new draco against the dark kenneth teacher . 
0	it has become apparent that the franchise's best years are long past . 
0	it franchise's become apparent that the has best years are long past . 
1	when sarah's dog disappears into the forest , she becomes completely lost trying to find him . 
1	when suffer sarah's dog disappears into the forest , she becomes lose completely lost trying to find him . 
1	obsessed by the world of pool , johnny ( mars callahan ) could be one of the best . 
1	obsessed by the earth of pool , johnny ( mars callahan ) could be matchless of the near . 
1	a steadfast critic of united states foreign policy for decades , in the aftermath of the terrorist attacks of september 11th , his profile took a quantum leap as he provided much-needed analysis and historical perspective to concerned citizens throughout the world . 
1	a steadfast critic of united states foreign policy for decades , in world aftermath of september throughout attacks of the took , his profile 11th a quantum leap as he provided much-needed analysis and historical perspective to concerned citizens terrorist the the . 
1	a mythic motorcycle tale of father and son " , this is the story of manuel galloway ( fishburne ) , also known as " the king of cali " , the president of a motorcycle club whose members are all african-american men , mostly white-collar workers who exchange their suits and ties at night and on weekends for leather outfits and motorcycle helmets . 
1	a mythic bike tale of begetter and son " , this is the fib of manuel galloway ( fishburne ) , also experience as " the tycoon of Cali " , the president of a motorcycle club whose members are all african-american men , mostly white-collar prole who exchange their suit and association at Nox and on weekends for leather fit and motorcycle helmets . 
1	they will live without thinking in the consequences , getting into a world where they won't be able to escape . 
1	they will live without thinking in the consequences , able into a be where they won't world getting to escape . 
0	ranging from funny to shattering and featuring some of the year's best acting , personal velocity gathers plenty of dramatic momentum . 
0	array from funny to shattering and featuring some of the year's topper dissemble , personal velocity gathers peck of dramatic momentum . 
0	while its careful pace and seemingly opaque story may not satisfy every moviegoer's appetite , the film's final scene is soaringly , transparently moving . 
0	while its careful pace and seemingly film's story may not satisfy every final appetite , the opaque moviegoer's scene is soaringly , transparently moving . 
1	underachieving misfits pete and lanny are wannabe " gangsta rappers , " who find the constraints of suburbia stifling to their artistic goals . 
1	destination underachieving misfits pete and lanny are wannabe " gangsta rappers , " who find the constraints of rapper suburbia stifling to their artistic goals . 
1	sent to a german stalag prison camp , lieutenant hart is at once thrust into the social order of pows , where every man thinks of himself first with bribery and trading with german captors commonplace . 
1	sent to a german stalag prison camp , lieutenant hart is at once thrust into the social Hart order of pows , where every man thinks of adenine himself first send with bribery and trading with german captors commonplace . 
0	so saccharine , i'm not sure i'd be able to take it under normal conditions . 
0	so saccharine , i'm not sure i'd be able to take convention it under normal conditions . 
0	this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men . 
0	this is and filmmaking , but be sure , to it's pleasant enough -- lightweight oozing with attractive men . 
0	the movie is a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course . 
0	the movie is IT a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course . 
1	as things become increasingly more complicated in the small community , the walls around father amaro begin to crumble . 
1	as things become increasingly more complicated the small community , the walls around amaro begin to . 
0	the ill-conceived modern-day ending falls flat where it should deliver a moral punch . 
0	the ill-conceived modern-day ending falls where it should deliver moral punch . 
0	not only is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time . 
0	not only is it charming , and crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively to read the action at the same time . 
0	claire is a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains . 
0	claire is a role for someone like judd , who ought to be playing . 
1	a british officer sees the drummer chasing his canteen and mistakes him as a deserter running away through the woods . 
1	a british officer sees the a chasing his through and mistakes him as drummer deserter running away canteen the woods . 
1	peter must relive this brief moment at the party until he gets it right and wins jen's heart . 
1	must relive this brief moment at the party until he gets it and wins heart . 
1	for sokurov , the hermitage--home to generations of romonovs and repository of so much russian history--is the ark of the russian soul , guarding it affectionately until the world sees better days . 
1	of sokurov , the hermitage--home to generations for romonovs and repository days so much better history--is the ark of the russian soul , guarding it affectionately until the world sees russian of . 
0	between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism . 
0	between erupt of automatic gunfire , the tarradiddle offers a trenchant critique of capitalism . 
1	it also touches on the encroachment of christianity brought by the missionaries , which is at odds with mepe's tribal and traditional roots . 
1	it also soupcon on the usurpation of christianity convey by the missionaries , which is at odds with mepe's tribal and traditional rout . 
0	it's predictable , but it jumps through the expected hoops with style and even some depth . 
0	it's predictable , but it profundity jumps through IT the expected hoops with style and even some depth . 
1	the ridiculed home secretary is slowly coming to life , but in his way stands a paranoid defense secretary . 
1	the ridiculed home secretary is slowly get to lifetime , but in his way tie-up a paranoid defense secretary . 
1	based on an attraction at disneyland , the country bear jamboree , " the country bears " ( 2002 ) is one in a long line of live action disney family films . 
1	based on an attraction at disneyland , the country hold jamboree , " the country bears " ( 2002 ) is one in a long occupation of go action disney kin take . 
0	nothing short of a respectful testament to the ingenious creative drive of the outsider . 
0	nothing short of venerating a respectful testament to the ingenious creative drive of the outsider . 
0	like other almodvar films , it delights in its scandals . but its sensitivities are extravagant , which means it's one of the most beautiful black comedies ever made . 
0	scandals other almodvar films , it delights in ever like . but its sensitivities are extravagant , which means it's one of the most beautiful black its comedies made . 
1	the crossing , even after a hard year of hiding , was to be a hardship : three months in a makeshift vessel with two thousand other fugitives , the victims not only of disease , hunger , and death , but primarily of the british navy and intelligence services . 
1	the crossing , even after a hard of , was to be a hardship : three months makeshift vessel with two thousand other fugitives , the victims not only of , , and death , but primarily of the navy and intelligence . 
0	 " the tuxedo " should have been the vehicle for chan that " the mask " was for jim carrey . alas , it's the man that makes the clothes . 
0	 " the tuxedo " should have been the vehicle for chan that " the mask " was for jim carrey . alas , it's the man that makes the clothes . 
1	in the process , quinn discovers secrets from his past and battles with the inner demons that made him the man he is today . 
1	in the outgrowth , quinn discovers secrets from his by and struggle with the inner demons that create him the man he is today . 
1	jackson , a cute , lanky , blue-haired poet who works in a record store , is at the center of everett lewis' twisted black la comedy . 
1	jackson , a cute , , blue-haired poet who works in a record store , is at the of everett twisted black la . 
1	not all the fights , just enough to keep the audience , and the money coming back . 
1	not all the struggle , just enough to save the audience , and the money come back . 
0	the film is so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film . 
0	the film is so series it subplots involving feels various silbersteins that with the more like the pilot episode of a tv packed than a feature film . 
1	jedi knights obi-wan kenobi and anakin skywalker discover there is more than meets the eye behind an assassination attempt on naboo senator padm&#233 ; amidala's life . 
1	jedi knights obi-wan kenobi and anakin skywalker find there is more than gather the eye derriere an assassination try on naboo senator padm&#233 ; amidala's biography . 
0	it looks good , but it is essentially empty . 
0	it looks good , but it essentially is empty . 
0	douglas mcgrath's nicholas nickleby does dickens as it should be done cinematically . 
0	douglas mcgrath's nicholas nickleby does dickens as be done cinematically . 
1	now , all the mutants need to fight together against an enemy in common : general william stryker , who is planning to destroy them all . 
1	now , the to fight together against an in common : general william stryker , who is planning to destroy them all . 
0	a pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between xxx and vertical limit . 
0	a pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between and vertical . 
1	voyeurism is the order all around , as those who watch for pleasure and those paid to watch get more than bargained for when the operation&#237 ; s delicate balance of power is skewed by rebellion . 
1	voyeurism siemens is the order all around , as those finespun who watch for pleasure devote and those paid to watch get more than bargained for when round the operation&#237 ; s delicate balance of power is skewed by rebellion . 
0	if you dig on david mamet's mind tricks . . . rent this movie and enjoy ! 
0	if you love dig on david mamet's mind tricks . . . rent this movie and enjoy ! 
0	for those willing to risk being made very uncomfortable , this instant cult classic announces the arrival of a distinctive new talent behind the camera . 
0	for willing risk being made very uncomfortable , this instant cult announces the arrival of a distinctive new talent behind the . 
1	in the shadow of the casinos , is a world of backroom deals that can end a life over less money than the price of a bus ticket home . 
1	in shadow the casinos , is a world of backroom deals end a life over less money than the price of bus ticket home . 
1	a broad stylistic combination of cinema verit&#233 ; and magic realism , the film follows emile's life as he tries to reconnect with his last remaining relation nada . 
1	nada broad stylistic combination of cinema verit&#233 ; remaining magic realism , relation film follows emile's life as he tries to reconnect with his last and the a . 
1	unhappy father of a draining family he has no controls whatsoever over his life . 
1	dysphoric father of a draining family he has no controls whatsoever over his lifetime . 
1	his model girl friend ( anne marie johnson ) immediately leaves him . 
1	his johnson girl friend ( anne marie model ) immediately leaves him . 
0	the off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery . 
0	the off-center humor is a constant , and livery the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery . 
1	and yet , as we discover , these kids are smarter than their actions would let on . . . 
1	and yet , as we discover , these josh are saucy than their fulfill would let on . . . 
1	but when he inadvertently saves the bulletproof monk from capture , the two become partners in a scheme to save the world from the scroll's most avid pursuer . 
1	but when he inadvertently economize the bulletproof monk from enchant , the two become partners in a intrigue to economise the Earth from the scroll's most avid pursuer . 
0	the cynicism is colossal , the casting superb : norton may be the only actor alive who could pull off a character like sherman , without making him either an idiot or a parody . 
0	the is , the casting superb : norton may be the only actor who could a character like sherman , without making him either an idiot or parody . 
0	an often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume drama set in the late 15th century . 
0	an often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume sappy drama laid set in the late 15th century . 
1	keith tells his wife karen , ( dana delaney ) about the jewellery and that is the last straw . 
1	keith tells his wife chaff karen , ( dana delaney ) about the jewellery secern and that is the last straw . 
0	like edward norton in american history x , ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) delivers a magnetic performance . 
0	like edward norton in american history x , ryan functioning gosling ( murder by numbers ) delivers magnetized a magnetic performance . 
0	worth catching for griffiths' warm and winning central performance . 
0	tender worth catching for griffiths' warm and winning central performance . 
0	it's unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue . 
0	it's unfortunate that wallace , AN who wrote gibson's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , inauspicious has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations spell and dialogue . 
0	never quite transcends jokester status . . . and the punchline doesn't live up to barry's dead-eyed , perfectly chilled delivery . 
0	never rather transcends jokester status . . . and the punchline doesn't live up to barry's dead-eyed , utterly chilled pitch . 
1	believing himself capable of understanding people from the other side of the track , michael fails to recognize that the ex-con is manipulating him and so sets off a catastrophic chain of events in the community . 
1	believing himself capable of understanding people from the traverse other side of the track , citizenry michael fails to range recognize that the then ex-con is manipulating him and so sets off a catastrophic chain of events in the community . 
0	jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema . 
0	jackson and CO have institute support the value and respect for the term epic cinema . 
1	but when the cockettes flew to new york city to appear off broadway^&#197 ; well , you'll just have to see what happened when new yorkers took a look at them . 
1	but when the flew new york city to appear broadway^&#197 ; , you'll just have to see what happened when new yorkers a at them . 
0	a thoughtful , moving piece that faces difficult issues with honesty and beauty . 
0	a thoughtful , faces piece that moving difficult issues with honesty and beauty . 
0	ain't no mountain high enough to keep the funk brothers from getting to you . 
0	ain't no mountain high from to keep the funk brothers enough getting to you . 
0	a mess when it comes to the characters and writing . . . but works its way underneath the skin like few movies have in recent memory . 
0	a mess when it comes to the characters and publish . . . but mould its way underneath the bark like few movies have in late memory . 
0	a whimsical if predictable time-travel fable marred by a willful single-mindedness . 
0	a whimsical if predictable fable time-travel marred by a willful single-mindedness . 
0	the final result makes for adequate entertainment , i suppose , but anyone who has seen chicago on stage will leave the theater feeling they've watched nothing but a pale imitation of the real deal . 
0	final makes for adequate entertainment , i , but anyone who has chicago on will leave the theater they've watched nothing but a pale imitation of the real deal . 
0	unless you're a fanatic , the best advice is : 'scooby' don't . 
0	unless scooby' a fanatic , the best advice is : 'you're don't . 
0	a bonanza of wacky sight gags , outlandish color schemes , and corny visual puns that can be appreciated equally as an abstract frank tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist's career . 
0	a bonanza of wacky sight gags , puns color schemes , and a visual outlandish can that be appreciated equally as an abstract frank tashlin comedy and as corny playful recapitulation of the artist's career . 
1	the others quickly conclude that the extreme circumstances of the accident were what caused love to bloom . 
1	the others quickly conclude that extreme circumstances of accident what caused love to bloom . 
0	suffers from a flat script and a low budget . 
0	suffers from a flat script angstrom and a low budget . 
1	things go from bad to worse for the drummer when it comes to his attention that he is being hunted down for execution as a deserter . 
1	things go from bad exist to worse for the drummer hunt when it comes to his attention that he is being hunted down for execution as a be deserter . 
0	watching spirited away is like watching an eastern imagination explode . 
0	see bouncing away is like watching an eastern imagination explode . 
0	the last kiss , a crowd-pleaser in the deepest sense , mixes heartbreak and happiness together until you don't even want to see them apart . 
0	heartbreak last kiss , a crowd-pleaser see the deepest sense , mixes the and happiness in until you don't even want to together them apart . 
1	but things take a turn for the worst when sheldon finds out that some of the people that he works with , and some he doesn't know he's working for , are all in it for the money . 
1	but things take constitute a turn for IT the worst when sheldon finds out that some of the people forged that he works with , and some he doesn't know he's working for , are all act in it for the money . 
0	the result reverberates on the screen with a deadly force and fury more intense than anything mr . scorsese has yet achieved on the meanest and most beloved streets he could imagine or recall . 
0	helium the result baneful reverberates on the screen with a deadly force and fury more intense than anything mr . scorsese has yet achieved on the dearest meanest and most beloved streets he could imagine or recall . 
0	best to just pick up a blade of grass and chew on it while absorbing the scenic imagery and natural acting of a strong cast . 
0	to just pick up a blade grass chew on it absorbing scenic imagery and natural acting of a strong cast . 
1	their parents , miffed by this , decide to go and kidnap st . nick , unaware that their plan will soon backfire upon them in fun and happy ways . 
1	their that , miffed unaware this , decide to go and kidnap st . nick , by parents their plan will soon backfire upon happy in fun and them ways . 
0	because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags . 
0	because the intelligence level of characters must be low , very low , low , for masquerade to work , the movie no wit , only labored gags . 
0	henry bean's thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect
0	henry bean's thoughtful screenplay render no well-situated answers , but offers a oblige investigation of faith versus intellect
1	over months of improv work in the studio , they transform a haunting holocaust legacy into a disturbing theater piece . 
1	over months of improv sour in the studio , they transform a haunting holocaust legacy into a touch dramaturgy piece . 
0	i walked away from this new version of e . t . just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes . 
0	i walked away from this new version of einsteinium e . liothyronine t . just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes . 
0	ensemble movies , like soap operas , depend on empathy . if there ain't none , you have a problem . 
0	ensemble movies , like a operas , depend on there . if empathy ain't none , you have soap problem . 
0	it's incredibly enjoyable to watch derrida pick apart , and fight against , the very process and premise of making a film about someone , particularly him . 
0	it's incredibly enjoyable to watch derrida , and against , the very process and premise of making film about someone , particularly him . 
0	the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it's really nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia . 
0	the sum of all fears pretends to be a but exploration of nuclear terrorism , serious it's really nothing more than paranoia cold war warmed-over . 
1	at the agency , instead of mr . right , laura meets miguel , who has all the signs of mr . wrong : he's a blue-collar , unpolished simple man . 
1	means at the agency , propertyless instead of mr . right , laura meets miguel , who has all the signs of mr . wrong : he's a blue-collar , unpolished simple man . 
1	kamel , a young man from the french ghetto , near paris , is coming back to france . 
1	kamel , young man from the french , near paris , is coming to france . 
0	skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise . 
0	skillfully sexuality both the elements of the plot and a powerfully a mood combining heated weaves with evocative haunting sense of malaise . 
0	i don't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he's made at least one damn fine horror movie . 
0	i don't know if frailty will contentedly bill paxton into an a-list director , movie he can rest turn with the knowledge he's that made at least one damn fine horror but . 
0	craig bartlett and director tuck tucker should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters . 
0	craig bartlett and director tuck tucker campaign should be commended for illustrating the movement merits of fighting hard for something that really matters . 
1	that's why handsome and his three best friends sammy , victor and the cribsheet genius applebee have banded together and found ways to cheat on their tests all through their school years . 
1	that's why handsome and through three to friends sammy , victor and the cribsheet genius tests have banded together and found ways best cheat on their applebee all his their school years . 
1	this time nick is " getting out ! " . . . or 
1	out time nick is " getting this ! " . . . or 
1	daddy &#38 ; papa explores the growing phenomenon of gay fatherhood and its impact on american culture . 
1	daddy &#and ; papa explores american growing phenomenon of gay fatherhood 38 its impact on the culture . 
0	this familiar rise-and-fall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , though it's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times . 
0	this familiar rise-and-fall tale is long on glamour and suddenly on large moralistic consequences , though it's told with incisive capitulum and eyes for the tenor of the metre . 
1	elvis teams up with jack ( ossie davis ) , a fellow nursing home resident who thinks that he is actually president john f . kennedy , and the two valiant old codgers sally forth to battle an evil egyptian entity who has chosen their long-term care facility as his happy hunting grounds . 
1	elvis teams up with jack ( ossie Davis ) , a chap suck home resident who thinks that he is actually president john fluorine . kennedy , and the two valiant sometime codgers quip forth to battle an evil egyptian entity who has select their long-term tutelage facility as his happy hunting footing . 
1	it's a love story in havana at the begining of the 19th century , between a young women from hait&#237 ; and a german man . 
1	it's a love story 237 havana at the begining of young 19th century , between a the women from hait&#in ; and a german man . 
1	but after he's done his " day job " matt takes on a secret identity as " the man without fear , " daredevil , the masked avenger that patrols the neighborhood of hell's kitchen and new york city to combat the injustice that he cannot tackle in the courtroom . 
1	but after he's done his " day job " matte contain on a surreptitious identity as " the world without fear , " daredevil , the masked avenger that patrols the locality of hell's kitchen and unexampled york city to battle the iniquity that he cannot tackle in the courtroom . 
1	these four robbed a bank and hijacked an entire town for 3 days . 
1	these four overcharge a bank and hijacked an entire town for leash days . 
0	i can't remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops . 
0	i can't remember the last i saw stunt editing or cheaper action movie values than extreme ops . 
0	with its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s . 
0	its lackadaisical and mindless action , all about the benjamins evokes the tier of blaxploitation from the 1970s . 
1	dek and shirley live together with 12 year-old marlene , her daughter by the sexy delinquent jimmy , who skeddadled years ago and hasn't been heard from since . 
1	dek and live together with 12 year-old marlene , daughter by the sexy delinquent jimmy , who skeddadled ago and hasn't been heard . 
1	the story of ussr's first nuclear ballistic submarine , which suffered a malfunction in its nuclear reactor on its maiden voyage in the north atlantic in 1961 . 
1	the story of ussr's first nuclear ballistic submarine , which suffered a malfunction in its nuclear north maiden in on voyage in the reactor atlantic its 1961 . 
1	tonight at hamilton high , the lesson is survival . 
1	tonight highschool at hamilton high , the lesson is survival . 
0	despite impeccable acting . . . and a script that takes some rather unexpected ( even , at times , preposterous ) turns , love is just too , too precious in the end . 
0	despite impeccable acting . . . and a script that takes some rather scorn unexpected ( even , at playscript times , preposterous ) turns , love cockeyed is just too , too precious in the end . 
1	based on brett easton ellis's novel , the story deals with a drug dealer at a vermont school , who becomes entangled in a love triangle with a girl whom he likes , but he sleeps with her roommate , and a guy who has a crush on him . 
1	based on easton ellis's , the story deals with drug dealer at a vermont school , who becomes entangled in a triangle with a girl he , but he sleeps with roommate , and a guy who has a crush . 
0	 . . . little more than a well-acted television melodrama shot for the big screen . 
0	 . . . little more than a well-acted television melodrama dash for the bountiful screen . 
0	the movie , so briskly alert in details , is generic in its guiding ideas . 
0	the movie , so briskly alert in details , is generic in follow its guiding ideas . 
1	regulus features recently declassified footage , as well as interviews with the submariners , rocket scientists , and test pilots involved in the development and deployment of the weapon . 
1	regulus features recently footage , as well as with the submariners , rocket scientists , and pilots involved in the and of the weapon . 
0	a thoroughly entertaining comedy that uses grant's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos . 
0	a exhaustively entertaining comedy that utilize grant's own wrestle of acidity to forbid itself from succumbing to its own bathos . 
0	as it abruptly crosscuts among the five friends , it fails to lend the characters' individual stories enough dramatic resonance to make us care about them . 
0	as crosscuts the five friends , it fails to lend the characters' individual stories enough dramatic resonance make us about them . 
1	the " actress " becomes an overnight sensation , with a major singing career as well , and everyone thinks she's a real person . 
1	the " actress " becomes an overnight sensation , a major career as well , and everyone thinks she's real . 
0	god bless crudup and his aversion to taking the easy hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star gorgeousness . 
0	god bless crudup and his aversion taking the easy hollywood road and on his movie-star gorgeousness . 
0	it is fascinating to see how much work and preparation goes into stand-up comedy . 
0	it is fascinating to see how much work forge and preparation goes into stand-up comedy . 
1	they literally bump heads one night , and become best friends . 
1	they literally bump heads one night , and become caput best friends . 
0	fans of the modern day hong kong action film finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for . 
0	fans of the modern day hong await kong action look film finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting A for . 
1	older brothers and a brother-in-law are in his way . 
1	old brothers and a brother-in-law are in his way . 
1	frank and steve came to atlantic city twenty years ago to make a big score . 
1	frank and steve came to atlantic city twenty years metropolis ago to year make a big score . 
1	the tabloids go crazy for the new girl on the cell block , and roxie finally becomes a star . 
1	the tabloids go crazy for the new on the cell block , and roxie becomes star . 
1	ted can't turn the ladies heads like he used to - none of the scams work . 
1	ted can't reverse the ladies heads wish he used to - none of the mulct work . 
1	unable to let her go quite yet , duncan mimics his dead mother . 
1	dead to let her go quite yet , duncan mimics his unable mother . 
0	gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways . 
0	gosling creates a compelling character , a young man sharp intellect is the root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways . 
0	it is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound . 
0	it is complete depressing , ruthlessly pained and trouble depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound . 
1	he's survived only by holding onto his dream of revenge against matty , the man he believes betrayed him . 
1	he's survived only by holding matty his dream believes revenge against onto , the man he of betrayed him . 
1	in the outback and through the bush with his wife terri's ever-present commentary ringing out over the countryside ( " that was a close one , steve ! " ) , the crocodile hunter is out to save the gorgeous croc and relocate him . 
1	that the outback and him the bush with his wife terri's hunter commentary ringing out over the countryside ( " and was a close one , steve ! " ) , ever-present crocodile the is out to save the gorgeous croc in relocate through . 
1	this throws him in with the minister's daughter , you guessed it , the mousy seemingly awkward yet beautiful girl with an angelic heart , and she sings too . 
1	this him in with minister's daughter , you guessed , the mousy seemingly awkward yet beautiful girl with an heart , and sings too . 
1	the driver finds himself in a dangerous , yet highly political situation ; this time being pursued by a helicopter gunship while carrying a passenger with a suitcase . . . 
1	the driver finds himself whirlybird in a dangerous , yet highly political situation ; IN this time being pursued by a whirlybird helicopter gunship while carrying a passenger with a suitcase . . . 
1	as he struggles to achieve social success , he discovers his darker side . 
1	as he struggles achieve success , he discovers his darker side . 
1	steven's outlandish plan inevitably backfires , and hilarity ensues as they fall for each other but are unable to express their true feelings . 
1	steven's outlandish plan inevitably , and hilarity ensues they fall for each other but are unable express true feelings . 
0	a compelling and thought-provoking drama on the armenian genocide after world war i and its toxic impact on the spirits and lives of some contemporary canadians . 
0	the compelling and thought-provoking drama on a armenian genocide after i war world toxic its and impact on the spirits and lives of some contemporary canadians . 
0	kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope . 
0	kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual to children managed to convey a tiny sense hope . 
1	the only way out for johnny is to play brad , which results in a " race to nine " showdown that pits two of the greatest players against each other for large sums of money , and johnny and danny's lives . 
1	the only way out for johnny is to play brad , which results in a " race to " that pits two of the greatest against each for large of money , johnny danny's lives . 
1	first kammy meets the 40-year-old danny ( dave wong ) and falls head over heels . 
1	first kammy meets the 40-year-old danny ( dave wong ) and falls chief over blackguard . 
1	klein ischgl actually turns out to be a stone-age-like townlet ( 9 inhabitants ) up the mountain , and t&#252 ; rlichs grandfather , who runs the place , even resists to electricity and indoor plumbing . 
1	klein ischgl actually turns out to be a stone-age-like townlet ( 9 inhabitants ) granddaddy up the mountain , and t&#252 ; rlichs grandfather , who upwardly runs the place , even resists ravel to electricity and indoor plumbing . 
1	deep in the northwest , there is a lone ranch tucked away so purposefully , the only way to find it is by not looking . 
1	deep in the northwest , there is a lone ranch entirely tucked therefore away so purposefully , the only way to find it is by not looking . 
1	the change in political leaders sparks paranoia among american cia officials , so cia director bill cabot recruits a young analyst to supply insight and advice on the situation . 
1	change political leaders sparks paranoia among american cia officials , so cia director bill cabot recruits a analyst to supply and advice the situation . 
1	as for the music world , history's future king is coming from the past . 
1	as for the music public , history's succeeding king is coming from the past . 
0	it lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made [eyre's] first film something of a sleeper success . 
0	it lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made [eyre's] succeeder first film something of succeeder a sleeper success . 
0	ice age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies , and that makes for some glacial pacing early on . 
0	ice age is the pacing computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies , and that some for makes glacial first early on . 
0	as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved . 
0	as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you'd expect from the genre , and personal low for everyone involved . 
0	the film's snags and stumblings are more than compensated for by its wryly subversive tone . 
0	stumblings film's compensated and the are more than snags for by its wryly subversive tone . 
1	they end up paying ray , the local " playboy , " $5 , 000 to date her . 
1	playboy end up paying ray , the local " they , " $5 , 000 to date her . 
0	the movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it . 
0	the movie is so contrived , preposterous and formulaic that , number to imagine of it , the day-old shelf would be a more capture location to shop it . 
1	in 1870's the u . s marshall mike s . blueberry tries to stop wally blount , the man who killed his girlfriend from getting to a stockpile of gold hidden in indian territory . 
1	in 1870's the . s marshall mike s . blueberry to stop blount , the man who killed his girlfriend from to a stockpile of gold in indian . 
1	harnessing the explosive momentum of the internet , anime heralds a revolution in 21st century youth culture . 
1	harnessing rotation the explosive momentum youthfulness of the internet , anime heralds a revolution in 21st century youth culture . 
1	their timing and desperate behavior trigger a horror so powerful , no six-shooter can put a dent in it . 
1	their timing and desperate behavior trigger a horror in powerful , no a can put six-shooter dent so it . 
0	when the precise nature of matthew's predicament finally comes into sharp focus , the revelation fails to justify the build-up . 
0	when the precise nature of matthew's predicament finally comes sharp focus , the fails justify the build-up . 
1	when rodney is hired to kill a blackmailer who has dirt on a u . s . congressional candidate , it's just another dead body for a fat wad of cash . 
1	when rodney is hired to kill a blackmailer who has filth on a uracil . s . congressional nominee , it's just another dead body for a rich mint of cash . 
0	the country bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers . unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either . 
0	the commonwealth gestate has no shot that will overthrow or frighten Young viewers . unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either . 
1	it slowly becomes obvious that alex , the disgruntled maid-of-honor , carries a secret that effects not just the course of her life , but that of almost everyone at the shower . 
1	life slowly that the that alex , the disgruntled maid-of-honor , carries a secret becomes effects not just obvious course of her it , but that of almost everyone at the shower . 
1	well , bruce nolan , played by jim carrey , gets that chance after he freaks out on live tv , is fired and is offered a new job by an unknown place . 
1	an , bruce gets , played by jim carrey , nolan that chance a he freaks out on live tv , is fired and is offered after new job by well unknown place . 
1	in jail she finally meets tabloid darling velma kelly , currently receiving huge media attention for the double murder she committed earlier in the tale . 
1	in jail she double meets tabloid the velma kelly , darling receiving huge media attention for currently finally murder she committed earlier in the tale . 
1	as burke teaches him the ropes and the rules of the game , james quickly rises through the ranks and falls for layla ( moynahan ) , one of his fellow recruits . 
1	as teaches him the ropes and the rules of the game , quickly rises through the and falls layla ( moynahan ) , one his fellow recruits . 
0	a canny , derivative , wildly gruesome portrait of a london sociopath who's the scariest of sadists . 
0	a canny , who's , wildly gruesome portrait london a of sociopath derivative the scariest of sadists . 
1	however , as simone's fame skyrockets , he cannot bear to admit his fraud to himself or the world . 
1	however , the admit fame skyrockets , he cannot bear to simone's his fraud to himself or as world . 
1	dr . david banner , while working on a military project to create a super-soldier of sorts , purposefully modifies his own dna . 
1	dr . david banner , while working on a military project to create David a super-soldier of sorts , purposefully modifies his own modify dna . 
0	'[the cockettes] provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '
0	'[the cockettes] on a window into imaginable subculture hell-bent provides expressing itself in every way a . '
0	neither revelatory nor truly edgy--merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored . 
0	neither indicatory nor truly edgy--merely crassly flamboyant and comedically heavy . 
1	toula portokalos is 30 , greek , and works in her family's restaurant , dancing zorba's , in chicago . 
1	chicago portokalos is 30 , greek , and works restaurant her family's in , dancing zorba's , in toula . 
0	though it is by no means his best work , laissez-passer is a distinguished and distinctive effort by a bona-fide master , a fascinating film replete with rewards to be had by all willing to make the effort to reap them . 
0	though it is by no means his salutary turn , laissez-passer is a grand and distinctive effort by a bona-fide victor , a charm film replete with repay to be had by all willing to make the sweat to reap them . 
0	few films this year have been as resolute in their emotional nakedness . 
0	films this year been as resolute in their emotional nakedness . 
1	besides a few survivors , the only two who know about freddy's plans are teenagers lori ( monica keena ) and will ( jason ritter ) . 
1	besides a few subsister , the only two who live about freddy's contrive are stripling lori ( monica keena ) and will ( jason ritter ) . 
1	 " confessions of a dangerous mind " is the story of a legendary showman's double life - television producer by day , cia assassin by night . 
1	 " by of a dangerous mind " is the story of a legendary showman's double life - television producer by day , cia night confessions assassin . 
1	starving artist gus bishop can't even give away his paintings . 
1	starving artist gus bishop away even give can't his paintings . 
0	the real draw , though , is the performance by dunst that is , alone , worth the price of admission . 
0	the tangible attractor , though , is the performance by dunst that is , unequaled , worth the price of admission . 
1	it is one of the last true medieval maximum-security penal farms in the country . 
1	is one of the last true medieval penal farms in the country . 
1	ronnie must then deal with his new life , while having to deal with missing his ex-wife that he left back home . 
1	ronnie having then deal with his new with , while must to deal ex-wife missing his life that he left back home . 
0	a refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market . 
0	refreshing change the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market . 
0	in all , this is a watchable movie that's not quite the memorable experience it might have been . 
0	in all , this is a watchable film that's not rather the memorable have it might have been . 
0	hard as this may be to believe , here on earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film . 
0	hard as this may be to believe , here on earth , a surprisingly similar teen axerophthol drama , was a ampere better film . 
1	stallone plays a cop who comes undone after witnessing a brutal scene on the job . 
1	stallone spiel a cop who cum undo after witnessing a brutal scene on the job . 
1	despite their many differences , they form a loving , long term relationship . 
1	despite many differences , they form a loving , long term . 
0	you needn't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes' work . though haynes' style apes films from the period . . . its message is not rooted in that decade . 
0	you 50s be period in 'needn't sociology , pop culture or movie lore to decade the emotional depth of haynes' work . though haynes' style apes films from not steeped . . . its message is the rooted in that appreciate . 
0	russian ark moves beyond a simple technical exercise and into the realm of greatness . it's a masterpiece on every level . 
0	russian ark moves beyond a simple technical exercise and into incite the realm of along greatness . it's a masterpiece on every level . 
1	but later that year she was gunned down by assasins hired by the same criminal drug lords she exposed . 
1	later that year she was gunned down by assasins hired by same criminal drug lords exposed . 
1	at the eleventh hour king and cuthbertson are saved by the arrival of major merton ( derek jacobi ) , churchill's chief intelligence advisor . 
1	at the eleventh Merton hour king relieve and cuthbertson are saved by the arrival of major merton ( derek jacobi ) , churchill's chief intelligence advisor . 
0	the pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers occupied amidst some of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies . 
0	pleasures that it does may be enough to keep moviegoers occupied amidst of the more serious-minded concerns of other movies . 
1	this event leads to deep thoughts about marriage , friendship , relationships and last not least life itself . 
1	this event leads to deep thoughts about marriage , friendship , leave relationships track and last not least life itself . 
0	the film is way too full of itself ; it's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way . 
0	the it's is way too full of itself ; film stuffy pretentious and in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way . 
0	a tired , unnecessary retread . . . a stale copy of a picture that wasn't all that great to begin with . 
0	a tired , unnecessary retread . . . a stale copy of picture that wasn't all great begin with . 
0	the movie's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness . 
0	the movie's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , constitute but the screenwriter and stop director michel gondry restate it manager to the point of ridiculousness . 
0	the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul's perspective . 
0	the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what realise it interesting as a grapheme analyze is the fact that the narrative is recount from paul's perspective . 
1	marjorie standiford sits on oklahoma's death row , hours away from execution , speaking into a tape recorder , telling her life story . 
1	marjorie standiford enjoin sits on oklahoma's death row , hours away executing from execution , speaking into a tape recorder , telling her life story . 
0	without resorting to camp or parody , haynes ( like sirk , but differently ) has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange . 
0	without resorting camp or parody , ( like sirk , but differently ) has the rhetoric hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange . 
0	on balance , i recommend the movie both for nicholson's performance and for the opportunity to spend some time with the kind of man that we often meet in real life , but rarely see on screen . 
0	on residual , i recommend the movie both for nicholson's performance and for the opportunity to spend some time with the kind of piece that we oftentimes fulfill in real liveliness , but rarely encounter on concealment . 
0	 " brown sugar " admirably aspires to be more than another " best man " clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film . 
0	 " brown sugar " to be more than another " best " clone by weaving a throughout this funny film . 
0	mazel tov to a film about a family's joyous life acting on the yiddish stage . 
0	mazel tov to a shoot about a family's joyous life behave on the yiddish present . 
1	the assasins force walter to drive their escape car . 
1	the assasins force walter to driving their escape car . 
0	russian ark is a new treasure of the hermitage . 
0	russian ark is a freshly new treasure of the hermitage . 
1	but when hong's investigation starts to point to nunn , nunn becomes worried and decides to hire angel . com for another hit ^&#214 ; only so he can double-cross them , wipe them out and prevent them from leading the police back to him . 
1	extinct but when hong's investigation starts to point to nunn , nunn becomes worried and decides to hire angel . com for adjudicate another hit ^&#214 ; strike only so he can double-cross them , wipe them out and prevent them from leading the police investigating back to him . 
1	he also meets yuki , a 9-year-old guitar prodigy , who could help dewey win a " battle of the bands " competition , which would solve his financial problems and put him back in the spotlight . 
1	he also meets yuki , a 9-year-old guitar , who could help dewey win a " of the " competition , which would solve his financial problems and back in spotlight . 
0	somewhere short of tremors on the modern b-scene : neither as funny nor as clever , though an agreeably unpretentious way to spend ninety minutes . 
0	somewhere way ninety tremors on the modern b-scene : neither as funny nor as clever , though an agreeably unpretentious short to spend of minutes . 
1	yet , just beneath the surface , there is an insecurity and fear they cannot face . 
1	yet , just beneath the surface , there is an insecurity and fear they thither cannot face . 
1	emerging from the human psyche and showing characteristics of abstract expressionism , minimalism and russian constructivism , graffiti removal has secured its place in the history of modern art while being created by artists who are unconscious of their artistic achievements . 
1	from the human psyche and showing characteristics of abstract expressionism , minimalism constructivism , graffiti removal secured its in history of modern art while being created by artists who are unconscious of their artistic . 
1	in this action-comedy , four twenty-something friends are looking for love and having no luck . 
1	in this action-comedy , four twenty-something friends are sounding for love and having no lot . 
0	i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they're treading water at best in this forgettable effort . 
0	like all four of lead a lot and they manage to a few out of the , but they're treading water at best in this forgettable effort . 
1	a rebellious misfit , she is sent to summer camp by her frustrated parents . 
1	a sent misfit , she is rebellious to summer camp by her frustrated parents . 
0	mehta expertly fashions a fascinating hybrid that is sure to delight audiences with its good-natured and well-timed humor , and its unabashed refusal to take itself seriously . 
0	mehta expertly fashions a fascinating hybrid that wittiness is follow sure to delight audiences with its good-natured and well-timed humor , and its unabashed refusal cross to take itself seriously . 
1	firefighter gordon brewer is plunged into the complex and dangerous world of international terrorism after he loses his wife and child in a bombing credited to claudio " the wolf " perrini . 
1	firefighter gordon brewer mislay is plunged into the complex and dangerous world of international ampere terrorism after he loses his wife and child in a axerophthol bombing credited to claudio " the wolf " perrini . 
1	an alcoholic ex-school teacher takes a job watching security cameras in the same house . 
1	an alcoholic ex-school takes teacher a job watching security cameras in the same house . 
1	based on nicole valery-grossu's european best seller autobiographic novel " bless you , prison " , the film is a true story , with real events and characters . 
1	based the nicole valery-grossu's european best seller autobiographic novel " bless you , prison " , on film is events true story , with real a and characters . 
0	 . . . feels as if ( there's ) a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something . 
0	 . . . feels as if ( there's ) a choke leash around your so director cassavetes can give it a , hard yank he wants you to feel . 
0	a muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us . 
0	a muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese feature has ever given blooming us . 
1	in the end , each must deal with the mysterious and , perhaps , scandalous reason their affair suddenly ended . 
1	in the end , each deal with mysterious and , perhaps , scandalous their affair suddenly ended . 
1	using fossilized dna , a scientist resurrects one of nature's most fearsome predators , a sabretooth tiger . 
1	using fossilize dna , a scientist resurrects unrivaled of nature's most dire predators , a sabretooth tiger . 
1	not one to be left behind , munnabhai also follows them and all beans are spilled when the doctor comes to know about raja and komal's affair and munnabhai's intentions . 
1	not one to be left behind , munnabhai also follows them and all beans are when doctor the spilled to comes know about raja and komal's affair and munnabhai's intentions . 
1	william baldwin and jodi lyn o'keefe of 'halloween : h20' fame are both set to star in a new movie playing as brother and sister who travel to their family's ancestral mansion after their father's death . 
1	william baldwin and jodi lyn o'keefe of 'halloween : h20' fame are both set celebrity to star trip in a new movie Sister playing baby as brother and sister who travel to their family's ancestral mansion after their father's death . 
0	everyone's insecure in lovely and amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships . 
0	everyone's insecure take in lovely and amazing , a poignant and nigh wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships . 
0	the parts are better than the whole ( bizarre , funny , tragic - like love in new york ) . 
0	the parts are the ( bizarre , funny , tragic - like love in new york ) . 
1	adopting the name " spider-man " , peter first uses his newfound powers to make money , but after his uncle is murdered at the hands of a criminal peter failed to stop , he swears to use his powers to fight the evil that killed his uncle . 
1	adopting the name " spider-man " , peter first uses at newfound powers to that money , but after his uncle is stop his the hands of a criminal peter failed to murdered , he swears to uncle his powers to fight the evil make killed his use . 
1	based on real events then fictionalized the film is set in los angeles circa 1977 and chronicles the rise of two fast-talking hustlers charlie rainone and jack brenner from the streets of south philly to the executive towers of the music business . 
1	based on real events then fictionalized the film is set in los angeles 1977 and chronicles the rise of fast-talking hustlers charlie rainone and jack brenner streets philly the executive towers of music business . 
1	god appears in human form ( freeman ) and , endowing bruce with divine powers , challenges bruce to take on the big job to see if he can do it any better . 
1	god appears in human form ( challenges ) and , endowing bruce with divine to , freeman bruce powers take can the big job to see if he on do it any better . 
0	as david letterman and the onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them . 
0	the david letterman and as onion have proven , the worst of tragedies fertile be can sources humor of , but lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them . 
1	a fish-out-of-water comedy about a talented street drummer from harlem who enrolls in a southern university , expecting to lead its marching band's drumline to victory . 
1	a fish-out-of-water comedy about a talented street drummer from Harlem who enroll in a southern university , anticipate to conduce its butt band's drumline to victory . 
0	a rather average action film that benefits from several funny moments supplied by epps . 
0	a rather average action film that gain from several funny moments issue by epps . 
0	despite these annoyances , the capable clayburgh and tambor really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age . 
0	despite these annoyances , the open clayburgh and tambor rattling do a corking Job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age . 
0	it's all very cute , though not terribly funny if you're more than six years old . 
0	all very cute , though not funny if you're more than six old . 
1	known in english at festivals as " weightwatch , " this title captures the essence of the film . 
1	known in english at as " weightwatch , " title the essence of the film . 
0	trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible . 
0	is to strain head or tail enough the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is of to give you brain make -- and the pay-off trying negligible . 
1	lukas and his friends live in a commune out in the woods . 
1	lukas and his friends live in commune a out in the woods . 
1	alice is a cleaning lady at the nearby hospital and she sells the books that the patients leave behind . 
1	alice is a cleanse lady at the nearby infirmary and she sells the books that the patients leave posterior . 
0	generic slasher-movie nonsense , but it's not without style . 
0	generic slasher-movie nonsense , but not without style . 
0	bogdanich is unashamedly pro-serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side . 
0	bogdanich is unashamedly pro-serbian and pretend little attempt to contribute vocalism to the other side . 
0	by the time its otherwise paint-by-numbers story reaches a finale , drumline has made band seem cool -- no small feat in the wake of american pie 2 . 
0	the time its otherwise paint-by-numbers story reaches finale , drumline made band seem cool -- no small feat in wake of american 2 . 
0	too clumsy in key moments . . . to make a big splash . 
0	too in moments . . . to make a big splash . 
1	he's made a mistake and he's trying to pay for it but he doesn't know if there is enough money in the world . 
1	he's made a mistake and world trying to pay for it but he doesn't enough if there is know money in the he's . 
0	it's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell . 
0	it's a lovely , eerie film that adorable casts an odd , rapt spell . 
0	the movie turns out to be [assayas'] homage to the gallic 'tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness . 
0	the movie bout out to be [assayas'] homage to the French 'tradition of timbre , ' in all its fusty squareness . 
0	just a kiss wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people . but it is set in a world that is very , very far from the one most of us inhabit . 
0	a wants to come off as fanciful film about typical problems of . but it is set in a world that is very , very far from the one most of us inhabit . 
1	academy award nominee diane lane stars as frances mayes , a 35-year-old san francisco writer whose perfect life has just taken an unexpected detour . 
1	academy award accolade nominee diane lane stars as frances mayes , a 35-year-old engage san francisco writer whose perfect life has just taken an unexpected detour . 
0	angel presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale . 
0	angel presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and position christelle , and infuses the film with the angstrom sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale . 
1	 " it's like those monster vampire high school kind of movies , only here the monsters are jesus-freak teenagers , " says michael stipe , the former r . e . m . 
1	 " it's like those the vampire high school kind of movies , the m only monsters are jesus-freak teenagers , " says michael stipe , monster former r . e . here . 
1	she is the supply teacher of the 6d , the worst group of st-c&#233 ; cile elementary school . 
1	she is the supply teacher of the 6d , the aggroup worst group of st-c&#233 ; cile elementary school . 
0	after all the big build-up , the payoff for the audience , as well as the characters , is messy , murky , unsatisfying . 
0	amp after all the big build-up , the payoff for the audience , as well as the arsenic characters , is messy , murky , unsatisfying . 
1	his father and brother are dead for so many years . 
1	his generate and pal are dead for so many years . 
1	what starts as an innocent game of bar trivia soon escalates into an all out war - dex &#38 ; eric vs . herb . 
1	what starts as an innocent game of bar trivia soon escalates into an all out war - shortly dex &#38 ; ingenuous eric vs . herb . 
0	the film's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes . . . drag the movie down . 
0	the film's thoroughly recycled plot and laugh tiresome jokes . . . drag the movie down . 
1	in a town of good intentions , memorbale characters and nothing much to do , the truth has a way of catching up with you . 
1	in good town of a intentions , memorbale characters and nothing much to do , way truth has a the of catching up with you . 
0	depressive , slow , darkly funny , unyielding in its formal rigor , and unsettlingly beautiful . 
0	depressive , slow , darkly funny , unyielding in its formal beautiful , and unsettlingly rigor . 
0	reign of fire may be little more than another platter of reheated aliens , but it's still pretty tasty . 
0	reign of fire may aliens little another than more platter of reheated be , but it's still pretty tasty . 
1	he is an aspiring writer struggling with these : endless nights marked by creative block , memories of a childhood rotten with abuse , and the thirst of unspeakable sexual desires . 
1	he is an dark aspiring writer He struggling with these : endless nights marked by creative block , memories of a childhood rotten with abuse , and the dark thirst of unspeakable sexual desires . 
1	with some encouragement from tom ( paul bettany ) , the self-appointed town spokesman , the little community agrees to hide her and in return , grace agrees to work for them . 
1	with to encouragement bettany tom ( paul agrees ) , the self-appointed town spokesman , the little community agrees some hide her and in return , grace from to work for them . 
1	for the past seven years mel bishop , a cold-blooded old west outlaw , had rotted away in a filthy mexican prison . 
1	for Mexican the past seven years mel bishop , a cold-blooded old west outlaw , had rotted away in adenine a filthy mexican prison . 
1	enter stella ( theron ) , a beautiful nerves-of-steel safecracker , who joins charlie and his former gang when they follow the backstabber to california , where they plan to re-steal the gold by tapping into los angeles' traffic control system , manipulating signals and creating one of the biggest traffic jams in la history . 
1	enter stella ( jams ) , a beautiful nerves-of-steel safecracker , who joins charlie and his former gang when backstabber follow the they to california , where by plan traffic re-steal the gold they tapping into los angeles' signals control system , manipulating to and creating one of the biggest traffic theron in la history . 
1	based on a short story by bengali writer prafulla roy , the central idea developed by director dasgupta , tells the story of a girl , lati , whose mother rajani is a prostitute living and working in a brothel in rural india . 
1	based on a mother story prafulla bengali writer by roy , the a idea developed by director dasgupta , tells the story of central girl , lati , whose short rajani is prostitute a living and working in a brothel in rural india . 
0	skins has a desolate air , but eyre , a native american raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor . 
0	skins has a desolate air , eyre , a native raised parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to reconciliation with of warmth and gentle humor . 
1	lead by billy clemens , the gang includes maggie and virginia caulder , two beautiful sisters who have a penchant for disguise as well as gun handling . 
1	head by billy clemens , the ring includes maggie and VA caulder , two beautiful sisters who have a preference for disguise as well as artillery handling . 
1	they have 3 weeks until the next full moon to find the madman , but an innocent blind woman has found him first . . . 
1	they have 3 weeks until the next full devoid moon to workweek find the madman , but an innocent blind woman has found him first . . . 
0	works better in the conception than it does in the execution . . . winds up seeming just a little too clever . 
0	works better conception than does in the execution . . . winds up seeming just a little too clever . 
0	despite the fact that this film wasn't as bad as i thought it was going to be , it's still not a good movie
0	despite the fact that this film wasn't as bad as i consider it was break to be , it's nevertheless not a goodness movie
1	braceface brandi chronicles the rise and fall of an overnight celebrity in a world's dumbest criminals-when good appliances go bad-busted on the job 7 kind of world . 
1	braceface along brandi chronicles the ampere rise and fall of an overnight celebrity in a world's dumbest criminals-when good appliances go bad-busted on the job 7 Job kind of world . 
1	franco agonizaba y el pr&#237 ; ncipe , jefe de estado en funciones , se encontraba en una posici&#243 ; n dif&#237 ; cil para afrontar un problema fundamental . 
1	franco agonizaba y elevation el pr&#SE 237 ; ncipe , jefe de estado en funciones , se encontraba en una posici&#243 ; n dif&#237 ; cil para afrontar un problema fundamental . 
0	despite all evidence to the contrary , this clunker has somehow managed to pose as an actual feature movie , the kind that charges full admission and gets hyped on tv and purports to amuse small children and ostensible adults . 
0	despite all evidence to the contrary , this clunker has tell somehow managed to pose as an disport actual feature movie , wholly the kind that charges full admission and gets hyped on seeming tv and purports to amuse small children and ostensible adults . 
0	it's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes . . . finally seem so impersonal or even shallow . 
0	it's a shame that the storyline theme and its underlying themes . . . finally seem so look impersonal or even shallow . 
0	the type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the [teen comedy] genre a bad name . 
0	the type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that yield the [adolescent comedy] genre a bad key . 
1	her loving parents feel helpless as they watch their daughter suffer . 
1	her loving enjoy parents feel helpless as they watch their daughter suffer . 
1	soon , disease spread , robbing people's abilities to speak ; the endless rain killing all other forms of communication with its acidic torrent . 
1	soon , disease bedspread , fleece people's abilities to speak ; the eternal rain sidesplitting all other forms of communication with its acidic torrent . 
0	savvy director robert j . siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense . 
0	us director robert j . siegel and his co-writers keep suspense story subtle and savvy in the . 
0	even if you don't understand what on earth is going on , this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why . 
0	even if you don't understand what on earth is going on , this is movie that will hours viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of did to whom and . 
1	once they begin towing the ghost ship towards harbor , a series of bizarre ocurrences happen and the group becomes trapped inside the ship , which they soon learn is inhabited by a demonic creature . 
1	once they begin towing the ghost ship by the , a series of bizarre ocurrences happen and harbor group learn trapped inside the ship , which they soon becomes is inhabited towards a demonic creature . 
1	kanna goes back to city to complete his final year but not before warning his loved ones that naxalisam is not good for them . 
1	kanna goes back to city to complete his final year but follow not before warning his loved ones that last naxalisam is not good for them . 
1	as fran's requests become more peculiar , chep is thrown into increasingly bizarre situations . 
1	as fran's requests suit more odd , chep is thrown into increasingly bizarre situations . 
1	his biggest customers are the yorkin family , and they seem to have everything in the world . 
1	his biggest world are the seem family , and they yorkin to have everything in the customers . 
0	what makes blade 2 marginally better than blade , especially if you thought the first was a hollow spectacle ? it has a plot . 
0	what makes blade marginally better blade , especially if thought the first was a hollow spectacle ? it a plot . 
0	harmless entertainment for kids and just smart enough to appeal to parents . 
0	harmless entertainment for kids and just enough to to parents . 
1	the agonizing memory that has tortured him all his life--the death of his father , a convicted murderer who was executed when vincent was just a boy--still plagues him . 
1	the agonizing memory that has tortured him his death of his father , convicted murderer who was executed vincent was just a boy--still plagues . 
1	she finds jack's captivity an irresistible turn-on and he can't figure out if she's for real , or manipulating him , too . 
1	finds an irresistible turn-on and he can't figure out if she's for real , or him , too . 
0	despite all the talking , by the time the bloody climax arrives we still don't feel enough of an attachment to these guys to care one way or another . 
0	despite the talking , by the time the bloody climax arrives we still don't enough of an attachment to these to care way another . 
0	while some of the subplots are very sketchy and the motivations of some of the characters are not clear , it is a journey worth taking because of the wondrous imagery . 
0	while some of taking subplots are very sketchy and the motivations of some clear the characters are not of , it is wondrous journey worth the because of the a imagery . 
1	forced to exist between living and dead , and only revealing their skeleton forms in the moonlight , the pirates intend to use elizabeth's blood and necklace ( a part of their curse ) to return to their normal state . 
1	forced to exist between living and suddenly , and only revealing their skeleton organize in the moonlight , the plagiarizer intend to employment elizabeth's blood and necklace ( a component of their curse ) to proceeds to their formula state . 
0	 . . . tara reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i don't know what she's doing in here . . . 
0	 . . . tropic reid plays a college like , but she looks journalist the miss winner of the six-time hawaiian tara pageant , so i don't know what she's doing in here . . . 
0	it is too bad that this likable movie isn't more accomplished . the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward . 
0	it is too badness that this sympathetic movie isn't more accomplished . the histrion try hard but come off too amateurish and ill-chosen . 
1	she's answering questions about how she became the speed queen , one of the sonic killers how mainlining speed with her husband , lamont , and her lover , natalie , grew into dealing , how dealing turned into robbery , and robbery into mass murder . 
1	she's answering about how she became the speed queen , one of the sonic killers how mainlining speed with her , lamont , and , natalie , grew , how dealing turned into , and robbery into mass murder . 
0	like vardalos and corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by joel zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you can't fake . 
0	like you and corbett , who play is roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by joel ways , their heartfelt and hilarious in zwick vardalos can't fake . 
1	now &#38 ; forever is a dramatic contemporary love story combining elements of spirituality , heart and integrity . 
1	now &#38 ; forever is a contemporary dramatic love story combining of elements spirituality , heart and integrity . 
0	does anyone much think the central story of brendan behan is that he was a bisexual sweetheart before he took to drink ? 
0	does anyone much the central story of behan is that he a bisexual before he took to drink ? 
1	in event of death of any of the inheritors' death , a death certificate has to be produced to the bank . 
1	in upshot of death of any of the inheritors' death , a death certification has to be produce to the deposit . 
1	slowly , it changed to love but it was still unsaid . 
1	to , it changed slowly love but it was still unsaid . 
1	the gripping story of the dutch bettien martens , based on true facts . 
1	the gripping story of fact the dutch bettien martens , based on true facts . 
1	but a fictitious geoffrey buonardi , with the same paintings and an inventive back story , can become the darling of the art world . 
1	but a sham geoffrey buonardi , with the same paintings and an inventive punt tarradiddle , can become the darling of the art macrocosm . 
0	tsai may be ploughing the same furrow once too often . 
0	frequently tsai may be ploughing the same furrow once too often . 
1	nick , a district attorney investigating the most recent case , a suspicious apparent suicide , and her interviews with friends and family of the deceased trigger extensive and intricately interwoven flashbacks that reveal surprising facts about the man's life and death . 
1	nick , a dominion attorney investigating the most recent case , a leery apparent self-annihilation , and her interviews with booster and family of the deceased initiation all-encompassing and intricately interwoven flashbacks that reveal surprising facts about the man's life and destruction . 
1	given the circumstances , kyle might have been acquitted on the grounds of temporary insanity or perhaps even convicted of the lesser charge of manslaughter , but the fact that a federal policeman was also killed in the shooting , albeit accidentally , sent kyle to marquezas . 
1	given circumstances , might been acquitted of temporary insanity or perhaps even of the lesser charge of manslaughter , but the fact that a federal policeman was also killed in the shooting , albeit accidentally , sent to marquezas . 
1	 " funny valentine " is about learning what it takes to find true love . 
1	 " funny valentine " is about learning what it takes to true . 
0	 . . . the best movie featuring the next generation cast , and a movie that's ( almost ) every bit as great as [treks] ii and vi . 
0	 . . . the best movie featuring the next contemporaries cast , and a movie that's ( virtually ) every bit as enceinte as [trek] ii and vi . 
1	a stone building , newly restored , stands in the clear light of the autumnal equinox . 
1	a stone building , newly restored , stands in the clear light of lapidate the autumnal equinox . 
0	several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in " unfaithful . " why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me . 
0	several uninteresting , unlikeable people do things to and each other in " unfaithful . " why anyone who not a in this movie should care beyond me . 
0	 . . . a joke at once flaky and resonant , lightweight and bizarrely original . 
0	 . . . a bizarrely at once flaky and resonant , lightweight and joke original . 
1	here she encounters the menacing dennis betts ( clive russell ) and in an attempt to flee from him , she &#237 ; s forced to hide in a car belonging to daniel stone ( douglas henshall ) , a hospital porter . 
1	here she encounters the menacing dennis betts ( russell ) an attempt to flee him , she &#237 ; s forced to in a car to daniel stone ( henshall ) , a hospital porter . 
1	john takes off , his trust in the system diminishing rapidly . 
1	john rapidly off , his trust in the system diminishing takes . 
1	but this is 1960's england , and when the neighbours start to make life difficult for the new arrivals , david's family are caught in the middle , and he has to choose between fitting in and standing up for the new friends who have turned his world upside down . 
1	but this is england , and when the start to life difficult the arrivals , david's family are caught in middle , and he has to choose between fitting standing up for new friends who have turned his world upside down . 
0	shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors . . . 
0	spud ilk a postcard and overacted with all the sottish self-indulgence that brings out the unfit in otherwise talented actors . . . 
1	it's a sci-fi , time travel , action adventure , comedy , drama mystery all rolled into one as mark twain on the way home from one of his last speaking tours in 1906 , is jostled on a train by 2 men , one in pursuit of the other , twain picks up a newspaper that one of them drops and the headline reads " manned mars mission . . . . 
1	it's a sci-fi , the travel , action adventure , comedy , drama mystery headline rolled one one as of twain on the way home from into other his last speaking tours in pursuit , is jostled on a train by 2 men , one in 1906 mark the reads , twain picks up a newspaper that one of them drops and time all of " manned mars mission . . . . 
0	it's rare to find a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain , and satisfies our lust for fast-paced action , but minority report delivers all that and a whole lot more . 
0	it's rare to find a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brainiac , and satisfy our lust for fast-paced fulfil , but minority study delivers all that and a all stack more . 
1	when the secret codes controlling a killer nuclear satellite are stolen by the world's most dangerous criminal , america's best agent teams up with a brittish beauty to recover the codes in an endgame of action , betrayal and intrigue . 
1	when the secret codes controlling a killer satellite are stolen by most dangerous criminal , america's best agent teams up a brittish beauty recover the in an endgame of , betrayal and intrigue . 
0	viewed on its own terms , treasure planet is better-than-average family entertainment , but true fans of the stevenson's novel will likely prefer disney's more faithful 1950 live-action swashbuckling classic . 
0	viewed on better-than-average own more , 1950 planet is its family entertainment , but true fans of the stevenson's novel will likely prefer disney's terms faithful treasure live-action swashbuckling classic . 
1	the elders wonder what on earth they have gotten themselves into but before the day is out their view of the old man and themselves changes . 
1	the elders wonder what on earth they thought have gotten themselves into but before horizon the day interchange is out their view of the old man and themselves changes . 
0	a thoroughly unoriginal , but fast-paced and entertaining genre b-flick
0	a thoroughly unoriginal , but fast-paced and entertaining genre 
1	while felice eventially convinces sam that she's his long-lost and thought-to-be-dead sister , she doesn't succeed in convincing him that the fbi is after him for past crimes . 
1	while his eventially convinces sam doesn't she's felice long-lost and thought-to-be-dead sister , she that after in convincing him that the fbi is succeed him for past crimes . 
0	it has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you . . . 
0	out has of rare quality that being able to creep the living hell it of you . . . 
1	'i capture the castle' is based on the dodie smith novel which was published in 1948 , before she wrote 101 dalmatians . 
1	'i entrance the castle' is found on the dodie smith novel which was issue in 1948 , before she wrote ci dalmatians . 
0	post 9/11 the philosophical message of " personal freedom first " might not be as palatable as intended . 
0	post first/11 the philosophical message of " personal freedom 9 " intended not be as palatable as might . 
1	fresh out of a long-term relationship in which she lost custody of a dog , janey passes the end of day on her stoop . 
1	a out of a long-term relationship in which she lost stoop of fresh dog , janey passes the end of day on her custody . 
1	and most of the eyewitnesses have rather too conveniently died . 
1	and most of the eyewitnesses have rather too handily croak . 
1	when he kills a butterfly , he unknowingly sets off a chain reaction that will erase humanity from existence . 
1	when kills a , he unknowingly off a chain reaction that will erase humanity from existence . 
1	but as she comes home , she opens a mysterious door that leads her to an artificial world : the holo-deck . 
1	but as she comes family , she opens a mysterious door that direct her to an artificial humankind : the holo-deck . 
1	unlike conventional movies , kill bill is told in chapter format making the narrative flow more like a book than a film . 
1	is conventional movies , format bill unlike told in chapter kill making the narrative flow more like a book than a film . 
1	obstacles pop up left and right , as the adventure gets wilder and wilder . 
1	obstacles pop up left and wilder , as the adventure gets right and wilder . 
0	this sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama . he's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does . 
0	this sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine He and agitator -- which ampere would have made for better drama . he's just a sad aristocrat in He tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does . 
0	it's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once . 
0	it's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , wholly all at once . 
0	the video work is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being 'naturalistic' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it's exhausting to watch . 
0	the video employment is so grainy and grating , so dependant on being 'naturalistic' rather than carefully ignite and lay up , that it's exhausting to watch . 
0	this 90-minute dud could pass for mike tyson's e ! true hollywood story . 
0	this 90-minute dud could pass for mike tyson's e ! hollywood true story . 
1	he has become an inconvenient obstacle to his work-a-holic son , and lost all remaining freedoms , except the valued time he spends with his grandson . 
1	he has go an inconvenient obstacle to his work-a-holic son , and lose all rest freedoms , except the value time he spends with his grandson . 
0	a generation x artifact , capturing a brief era of insanity in the sports arena that surely cannot last . 
0	a generation x artifact , capturing a insanity era the brief in of sports arena that surely cannot last . 
0	mostly , [goldbacher] just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human . 
0	her , [goldbacher] just lets mostly complicated characters be unruly , all and , through it confusing , human . 
1	the taxi driver is a serial killer who picks up innocent women but not all of his victims are as innocent as he thinks . 
1	the taxi driver is a series killer who plectron up devoid women but not all of his victims are as innocent as he opine . 
0	one of the very best movies ever made about the life of moviemaking . 
0	one of the very best movies ever animation made about the life of moviemaking . 
1	danny is antagonized by undercover narcotics agents ( anthony lapaglia and doug hutchison ) and sadistic dealer pooh bear ( vincent d'onfronio ) . 
1	danny is narcotic antagonized by undercover narcotics agents ( anthony lapaglia Antony and doug hutchison ) and sadistic dealer pooh bear ( vincent d'onfronio ) . 
0	proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they can't go wrong . better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh . an excellent sequel . 
0	proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they can't go play wrong . better effects , better acting and frolic a hilarious act kenneth branagh . an excellent sequel . 
0	stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little * * * * . no cute factor here . not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise . 
0	stitch factor a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little * * * * . no cute is or . not that i mind ugly ; the here is he has no character , loveable problem otherwise . 
0	a dashing and absorbing outing with one of france's most inventive directors . 
0	a dashing and absorbing outing with most of france's one inventive directors . 
0	parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic . but mostly it's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived . 
0	parts of at film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for humor dass's latest book aimed lived it's boomer demographic . but mostly the a work that , with ram , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly the . 
0	the soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission . 
0	the soundtrack alone worth the price of admission . 
0	this starts off with a 1950's doris day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast . the first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year ! 
0	this starts off with a 1950's doris day fast and very gets very minutes , it feel . the first five ugly will have you talking 'til the end of the year ! 
1	frank's newest transport seems no different from the countless ones he's done in the past . 
1	frank's newfangled channelize seems no different from the countless single he's done in the past . 
0	a classy item by a legend who may have nothing left to prove but still has the chops and drive to show how its done . 
0	a classy item by a fable who may have nothing give to show but still has the chops and drive to demonstrate how its coif . 
0	adroit but finally a trifle flat , mad love doesn't galvanize its outrage the way , say , jane campion might have done , but at least it possesses some . 
0	adroit finally a trifle flat , doesn't its outrage the way , say , jane campion might have , but at least it possesses some . 
0	in a summer overrun with movies dominated by cgi aliens and super heroes , it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway . 
0	in A a summer overrun with movies dominated by visualise cgi aliens and super heroes , it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters head hold Indiana sway . 
1	forced to move back to his old job at a pizza parlor and into a rundown tenement where a number of oddballs wander the hall including a lonely middle aged woman ( mary coleston ) who makes spam casseroles for all the bachelors , a daffy prostitute ( krystina carson ) , and a spanish don juan ( manual cabra ) who wanders the halls in his bathrobe . 
1	forced to move back to totally his old job at a pizza parlor and into a rundown tenement where a number of oddballs wander angstrom the quondam hall including a lonely middle aged woman ( mary coleston ) who makes spam bach casseroles for all the bachelors , a daffy prostitute ( krystina A carson ) , and a spanish don juan ( manual cabra ) who wanders the halls in angstrom his bathrobe . 
0	when the fire burns out , we've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that's where the film ultimately fails . 
0	when the fire burns out , we've only come finally face-to-face with a couple dragons and that's where the film finally ultimately fails . 
0	with so many movies out there trying and failing to produce a single honest thrill , it's so nice to see one come along that's packed from start to finish with 'em . 
0	with so many movies out there trying and failing to acquire a undivided honest quiver , it's so nice to figure unity come along that's packed from part to finish with 'em . 
1	then a final " test " is made to come to a decision . . . 
1	then a final " prove " is give to come to a decision . . . 
1	when miami dentist ted brooks ( cuba gooding , jr . ) learns that his birth mother has passed away and that he was named in her will , he travels to alaska to claim his inheritance . 
1	when miami learns ted brooks ( cuba gooding , jr . ) dentist that his birth mother has to away and that he was alaska in her passed , he travels will named to claim his inheritance . 
1	they all decide to go together and they leave . 
1	they all decide to they together and go leave . 
0	terrific as nadia , a russian mail-order bride who comes to america speaking not a word of english , it's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers . 
0	terrific who nadia , russian a mail-order bride as comes to america speaking not a english of word , it's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers . 
0	together writer-director danny verete's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt . 
0	together writer-director danny verete's trey taradiddle comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt . 
1	but then there came toni , an intriguing photographer that seemed to see inside his soul . 
1	but then there came only toni , an intriguing photographer that lensman seemed to see inside his soul . 
1	filmed in a california maximum security prison , the series is a look into the world of street and prison gangs , which ask is there a way out for these men who have dedicated their lives to gangs . 
1	filmed in a california maximum security constitute prison , the series is a look into the world of street bear and prison gangs , which angstrom ask is there a way out thither for these men who have dedicated their lives to gangs . 
0	i wish windtalkers had had more faith in the dramatic potential of this true story . this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes . 
0	i wish windtalkers had had more faith in thither the dramatic IT potential of this true consume story . concoct this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes . 
1	against improbable odds , they race towards a thrilling , climactic confrontation on the mysterious isla de muerta . 
1	against beatify improbable odds , they race towards a thrilling , climactic confrontation angstrom on the mysterious isla de muerta . 
0	the members manage to pronounce kok exactly as you think they might , thus giving the cast ample opportunity to use that term as often as possible . it's very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle . 
0	the members might to pronounce kok exactly as you think they manage , thus giving the cast ample opportunity to use that as as often term possible . it's very beavis yet butthead , and always seems to chuckle a elicit . 
0	the journey to the secret's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and thrill enough . 
0	the journey to the secret's eventual discovery is a part adventure , and thrill adequate . 
0	a heady , biting , be-bop ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego . 
0	a , biting , be-bop ride manhattan , a loquacious videologue the modern male and to which he'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego . 
1	in the shop we find eddie ( the entertainer ) , an old barber with strong opinions and no customers . 
1	in the the we find with ( shop entertainer ) , an old barber eddie strong opinions and no customers . 
1	josch now has to convince t&#252 ; rlich about the evil intentions of dump fast , only has there just been quite a fight between the two lifelong friends . 
1	josch now has to convince t&#252 ; rlich about the evil design of plunge truehearted , only has there just been quite a oppose between the two lifelong admirer . 
1	renowned adventurer allan quatermain ( connery ) leads a team of extraordinary figures with legendary powers to battle the technological terror of a madman known as " the fantom . " 
1	renowned adventurer allan quatermain ( connery ) result a team of over-the-top cipher with legendary mightiness to battle the technological terror of a madman screw as " the fantom . " 
0	as they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , signs is a tribute to shyamalan's gifts , which are such that we'll keep watching the skies for his next project . 
0	as they used to say view in the 1950s sci-fi movies , signs is a tribute to shyamalan's gifts , view which embody are such that we'll keep watching the skies for his next project . 
0	you have no affinity for most of the characters . nothing about them is attractive . what they see in each other also is difficult to fathom . 
0	you have no unmanageable affinity for most of the characters . nothing about fibre them is attractive . what they see in early each other also is difficult to fathom . 
0	we do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close . 
0	we do get manage the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close . 
0	 . . . routine , harmless diversion and little else . 
0	 . . . routine , little diversion and harmless else . 
0	the only excitement comes when the credits finally roll and you get to leave the theater . 
0	the to excitement theater when the credits finally roll and you get only leave the comes . 
1	by the early '80s , the golden boy of hollywood was losing his luster . 
1	by the his '80s , the golden boy of hollywood was losing early luster . 
1	as " daddy day care " starts to catch on , it launches them into a highly comedic rivalry with chapman academy's tough-as-nails director ( anjelica huston ) . . . who has driven all previous competitors out of business . 
1	as " daddy day care " starts to catch on , occupation it launches them manager into a highly comedic IT rivalry with chapman academy's tough-as-nails director ( anjelica huston ) . . . who has driven all previous competitors out of business . 
1	and the little red light from a laser rifle sight is proof that the caller isn't kidding . 
1	and little red light a laser rifle sight is that the caller isn't kidding . 
1	chasing life ( pulsa&#231 ; &#227 ; o zero ) is an action/comedy about 25 year old lovable loser alex who , when his life hits rock bottom and decides to end it all , shares his dogs euthanasia poison just moments before a dramatic turn of events sends him hilariously and desperately seeking the antidote which he must find within 4 hours or die . 
1	dog life ( pulsa&#231 ; &#227 ; o zero ) is an fulfill/comedy about 25 year erstwhile lovable loser alex who , when his life collision rock bottomland and decides to finish it all , portion his andiron euthanasia envenom just moments before a dramatic turn of events transport him hilariously and desperately essay the antidote which he must regain within 4 hours or die . 
0	twohy is not only skilled at building and maintaining suspense , he's also aware that a cast chock full of experienced character actors is the right fit for a haunted sub flick . 
0	twohy is not only skilled at building and maintaining suspense , he's also aware that too a At cast exist chock full of experienced character actors is the right fit for a haunted sub flick . 
0	smith profiles five extraordinary american homes , and because the owners seem fully aware of the uses and abuses of fame , it's a pleasure to enjoy their eccentricities . 
0	smith profiles extraordinary american , the owners seem fully aware of the uses and abuses of fame , a pleasure to enjoy their eccentricities . 
0	the plot's clearly mythic structure may owe more to disney's strong sense of formula than to the original story . but while the highly predictable narrative falls short , treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold . 
0	the plot's clearly mythic structure may owe more disney's strong sense of than to the story . but the highly predictable narrative short , treasure planet is truly gorgeous behold . 
1	embracing the afghan women's cause as a primary commitment , iara lee's short film not only spotlights the despair on both sides of the afghan-pakistan border , but also captures the hope and dignity that still define afghan men , women and children . 
1	the afghan women's as a primary commitment , iara lee's short film not only spotlights despair on both of the afghan-pakistan border , but also captures hope dignity that define afghan men , women and . 
0	[shyamalan] turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count . 
0	[shyamalan] turns the goose-pimple genre head its with on and bruised it empty spirit , purpose and emotionally fills characters who add up to more than body count . 
0	i'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year . 
0	i'd be hard pressed to think of whacky a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this zany year . 
0	city by the sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for . but how it washed out despite all of that is the project's prime mystery . 
0	city equal by the sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for . but how sept it washed out despite rival all of that is the project's prime mystery . 
0	despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity . 
0	despite its lavish formalism and intellectual nonindulgence , the film manages to dungeon you at the edge of your bottom with its shape-shifting jeopardize , political intrigue and sweep with calamity . 
1	a seasoned call girl is offered a way out of the business if she uncovers a blackmail ring in a house of prostitution . 
1	a seasoned address girl is offered a way out of the business if she reveal a blackmail environ in a firm of prostitution . 
0	whaley's performance is earnest and often riveting , but he should have taken a few lessons from his peers at amateur night . 
0	whaley's performance have earnest night often riveting , but he should is taken a few lessons from his peers at amateur and . 
1	after his friend , a hot young artist , is killed , a resourceful american man living in london covers up the crime and tries to keep the friend's name alive in order to exploit his legacy and reap millions in the process . 
1	after his friend , a artist , is killed , a resourceful american man living london covers up the crime tries keep the alive in order exploit his legacy and reap millions in the process . 
0	a gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost . 
0	a gracious , eloquent refugees that by its end the a ray ahead hope to offers film able to look of and resist living in a past forever lost . 
1	decades ago , the legendary james brown sold his soul to the devil for fame and fortune . 
1	decades ago , the legendary james sold his soul the devil for fame fortune . 
0	about as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come . 
0	as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come . 
1	a number of new allies join with aragorn , gimli , legolas , pippin and merry . 
1	a numeral of new allies connect with aragorn , gimli , legolas , pippin and merry . 
1	once while beating up one of his foes , he sees komal ( aishwarya rai ) and is so smitten by her beauty that he starts visualizing her wherever he goes and in whatever he does . 
1	visualizing while beating up does of his foes , smitten sees komal ( aishwarya rai ) and is so he by her beauty that he starts once her wherever he goes and in whatever he one . 
1	nicklas passes out , and the next day when he returns to school he notices that nobody seems to notice him . 
1	nicklas passes out , day when he returns to school he notices that nobody seems to notice . 
0	 . . . familiar and predictable , and 4/5ths of it might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc . reyes' word processor . 
0	 . . . familiar and predictable , and 4/5ths franc it might come well have as from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) of . reyes' word processor . 
0	with a story inspired by the tumultuous surroundings of los angeles , where feelings of marginalization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubble , the dogwalker has a few characters and ideas , but it never manages to put them on the same path . 
0	with a story inspired by the tumultuous environ of los angeles , where feeling of marginalization loom for every idealist with a burst bubble , the dogwalker has a few eccentric and approximation , but it never contend to frame them on the same course . 
0	certainly not a good movie , but it wasn't horrible either . 
0	certainly not a respectable movie , but it wasn't atrocious either . 
1	cac&#225 ; , a vj who works for s&#227 ; o paulo mtv , comes to rio de janeiro to make a report about a new band , whose members are poor and live in a slum called morro do alem&#227 ; o . 
1	cac&#225 ; , a vj who works for s&#227 ; bring o IN paulo mtv , comes to wreak rio de janeiro to make O a report about a new band , whose members are poor and live in a slum called morro do alem&#227 ; o . 
1	he works as a photocopy clerk under the close watch of his sexy boss sabine , who uses him to his libido's advantage . 
1	he works as a photocopy clerk under the close watch who his sexy boss uses , of sabine him to his libido's advantage . 
1	the story takes place in rural vermont , against the backdrop of the state capitol , where civil union laws are being debated along with gun control and dwis . 
1	with story takes place the rural vermont , and the backdrop of in state capitol , where civil union laws are being debated along the gun control against dwis . 
0	would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed 'the french lieutenant's woman . '
0	would make an excellent companion piece to the themed ' french lieutenant's woman . '
1	although rampant unemployment , alcoholism and domestic violence are the norm for many reservation inhabitants , rudy has largely escaped this cycle of despair . 
1	although rampant unemployment , alcoholism and domestic are norm for many reservation , has largely escaped this cycle of despair . 
1	the artist lives alone in a foreboding old house in the country , a place of solitude , free from distractions . 
1	the distractions lives alone in a foreboding solitude house in the country , a place of old , free from artist . 
0	despite the 2-d animation , the wild thornberrys movie makes for a surprisingly cinematic experience . 
0	despite the 2-d animation , spiritedness the wild thornberrys movie makes for a surprisingly cinematic experience . 
0	the crime matters less than the characters , although the filmmakers supply enough complications , close calls and double-crosses to satisfy us . 
0	the crime matters less than the characters , although the filmmakers ply enough ramification , fold calls and double-crosses to gratify us . 
0	tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances . 
0	tsai has a well-deserved reputation as the cinema world's great visual stylists , and in this film , shot enhances the excellent . 
1	moving to the big city , deeds finds himself besieged by opportunists all gunning for their piece of the pie . 
1	moving to the big city , deeds bump himself circumvent by opportunists all gunning for their assemble of the pie . 
1	the film tells a story of two scrap pickers - the title hero edi and his friend jureczek . 
1	the film tells a of scrap pickers - the title edi and his friend jureczek . 
1	denied political-prisoner-of-war status , he initiates a hunger strike . 
1	denied political-prisoner-of-war excise status , he initiates a hunger strike . 
0	smart science fiction for grown-ups , with only a few false steps along the way . 
0	smart science fiction for grown-ups , false only a few with steps along the way . 
1	nete's father does not die , his appetite comes back , the doctors begin to have doubts as to the prognosis , and nete has a problem . 
1	nete's father does not pass , his appetite ejaculate back , the repair begin to have doubt as to the prognosis , and nete has a problem . 
1	they feel they are at the end of their rope and know they need a big stash of cash to make their musical dreams a reality . 
1	they feel they are at the melodious end of their rope and know they need a angstrom big stash roach of cash to make their musical dreams a reality . 
1	a virus has escaped in a secret facility called " the hive , " turning the staff into hungry zombies and releasing the mutated lab " animals " that they were studying . 
1	a virus has bunk in a underground facility predict " the hive , " turning the staff into hungry zombies and relinquish the mutated lab " animals " that they were perusal . 
0	 . . . ( like ) channel surfing between the discovery channel and a late-night made-for-cable action movie . 
0	 . . . ( like ) channel surfing between the discovery channel and a late-night made-for-cable action adenine movie . 
0	it's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex . 
0	it's with mindless action twist a a flick -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex . 
0	you watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises . 
0	you observe for that sense of openness , the niggling surprises . 
0	the actors must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face . 
0	the actors must indeed be commodity to narrate some of this laughable dialogue with a flat face . 
1	or does kip just want to destroy the planet ? 
1	or kip just want to destroy the planet ? 
1	she kills chow lui with cyanide hidden in a pair of sunglasses . 
1	she kills chow lui with cyanide hidden in pair sunglasses . 
0	marries the amateurishness of the blair witch project with the illogic of series 7 : the contenders to create a completely crass and forgettable movie . 
0	marries the amateurishness of the blair witch project with the make illogic of series 7 : the take contenders to create a completely crass and forgettable movie . 
0	once she lets her love depraved leads meet , [denis'] story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
0	love she denis' her once depraved leads meet , [lets] story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
0	'in this poor remake of such a well loved classic , parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
0	'in this poor vision of such of well loved classic , parker exposes the limitations a his skill and the basic flaws in his remake . '
1	the tale unfolds as a group of hustlers encounter " the dean " and pull off a successful sting that results in their pursuit by a vengeful gangster . 
1	the tale spread as a group of hustlers receive " the dean " and tear off a successful sting that results in their pastime by a vengeful mobster . 
0	lanie's professional success means she must be a failure at life , because she's driven by ambition and doesn't know how to have fun . 
0	lanie's professional success means she must be tug a failure at life , because she's driven by get ambition and doesn't know how to have fun . 
0	what's most unusual about beijing bicycle in terms of recent chinese history is that any form of class conflict is depicted at all . 
0	what's most unusual about Peiping bicycle in terms of recent chinese account is that any class of class conflict is show at all . 
1	tim plans to spend his 21st birthday at his scottish estate with eight of his closest friends . 
1	tim plans to spend close his 21st birthday at his drop scottish estate with eight of his closest friends . 
1	on the road to lake tahoe , a stressed out young executive meets a woman who forever changes his life . 
1	on the adenine road to lake tahoe , a stressed distressed out young executive meets a woman who forever changes his life . 
1	he has never truly recovered , however , and as the story progresses we vicariously experience his increasingly fragile grip on reality . 
1	he has never truly grip , however , and as the story progresses we vicariously on his increasingly fragile recovered experience reality . 
0	a dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so . the movie is without intent . 
0	intent dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply so do to . the movie is without a . 
0	a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special . 
0	special fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool a . 
0	solid , lump-in-the-throat family entertainment that derives its power by sticking to the facts . 
0	solid , lump-in-the-throat syndicate entertainment that derives its mogul by sticking to the facts . 
0	yes , i have given this movie a rating of zero . but fans of the show should not consider this a diss . consider it 'perfection . '
0	yes , i have given this this a rating of zero . but fans perfection the show should not consider movie a diss . consider it 'of . '
0	this insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering . instead , it'll only put you to sleep . 
0	this insufferable movie is meant to make you think rather about existential suffering . instead , lonesome it'll only put you to sleep . 
0	like being trapped inside a huge video game , where exciting , inane images keep popping past your head and the same illogical things keep happening over and over again . 
0	like being trapped inside a excite huge video game , where exciting , inane images keep popping past your head and terminated the same illogical things keep happening over and over television again . 
0	offers 102 minutes of breezy , occasionally very funny entertainment . 
0	offers 102 minute of breezy , occasionally very funny entertainment . 
1	led by the brilliant and sadistic chester lamb , the invaders are surprised to discover sam and the kids from the detention room are still inside the school . 
1	direct by the brilliant and sadistic chester lamb , the invaders are surprised to learn sam and the tike from the detention room are withal privileged the school . 
0	for this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his league . 
0	for this sort of thing to cultivate , we need agile performers , but the adept , muffled sorvino has no easy contact , and rodan is out of his league . 
1	this movie praise the right to be different and unique . 
1	this movie kudos the right to be different and singular . 
1	separated from his wife , louis will be given the opportunity to find out what is most important . . . 
1	separated from his wife , louis will be given the opportunity to find important is what most out . . . 
1	mitchell listens to a chilling conversation as he realizes harry's friend is the red neck who tried to attack him earlier . 
1	mitchell listens to a neck conversation as he realizes harry's him is the red chilling who tried to attack friend earlier . 
0	on this tricky topic , tadpole is very much a step in the right direction , with its blend of frankness , civility and compassion . 
0	on this tricky topic , polliwog is very much a step in the rightfield commission , with its blend of frankness , civility and compassionateness . 
0	it's often faintly amusing , but the problems of the characters never become important to us , and the story never takes hold . 
0	it's often faintly amusing , but the problems of the characters never become us , and the story takes . 
0	your stomach for heaven depends largely on your appetite for canned corn . 
0	your stomach for heaven depends largely on your Heaven appetite for canned corn . 
0	a very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be . 
0	a very good where sits in the place film a masterpiece should be . 
1	could matty finish a porn movie before his legs get broken by tokyo tony ? 
1	could matty finish a porn movie before his legs let infract by tokyo tony ? 
1	people are becoming petrified , and no-one knows what is doing it . 
1	people are becoming petrified , and no-one knows suffice what is doing it . 
1	the mutation , however , remains dormant , and is passed on to his son , bruce . 
1	the yet mutation , however , remains dormant , and is passed on to his son , bruce . 
1	she has an emotional bond with a casino owner ( deepak tijori ) . 
1	she has an emotional bond with a cassino casino owner ( deepak tijori ) . 
1	his debut novel currently resides on top of the best-seller list , and even the potential diversion of hollywood knocking on his door cannot keep him from his writing . 
1	introduction his debut novel currently resides on top along of on the best-seller list , and even the potential diversion of hollywood knocking on his door cannot keep him from his writing . 
1	the desperate miauczynski personalizes our own fears and obsessions , which have become so visible recently . 
1	the heroic miauczynski personalizes our own concern and obsessions , which have go so visible recently . 
1	when the lover and child catch up to the angel and the girl , too much time has passed . . . 
1	when the passed and child catch up time the angel and the girl , too much to has lover . . . 
1	at the same time , william has become the object of wrath by a popular but pompous and pridefilled christian radio commentator who brands william as a false prophet and seeks to destroy him . 
1	at the same clock , william has get the aim of wrath by a popular but pompous and pridefilled christian wireless commentator who denounce william as a false prophet and essay to destroy him . 
1	the film captures intense footage of several art events as well as interviews with burning man organizers larry harvey ( also co-founder ) , crimson rose and will roger who explain how , what started in 1986 as an impromptu summer solstice celebration , put on by a few friends at a beach in san francisco , has turned into a full-blown exercise in city planning and management with a hefty price-tag . 
1	the film bewitch vivid footage of several art result as well as interviews with cauterize homo arranger larry harvey ( also co-founder ) , crimson rear and will roger who explain how , what jump in 1986 as an impromptu summer solstice celebration , frame on by a few acquaintance at a beach in san francisco , has turned into a full-blown employment in city preparation and management with a goodly price-tag . 
1	the boy's obsessive compulsive parents are played by wendie malick and stephen root . 
1	the boy's obsessive compulsive parents are fiddle by wendie malick and stephen source . 
1	henk otte lives on disability with his wife and son outside of amsterdam . 
1	henk otte lives on disability with his wife and experience son outside of amsterdam . 
0	it suggests the wide-ranging effects of media manipulation , from the kind of reporting that is done by the supposedly liberal media . . . to the intimate and ultimately tragic heartache of maverick individuals like hatfield and hicks . 
0	it suggests the wide-ranging effects of media manipulation , from the kind metier of reporting that is done varied by the supposedly liberal media . . . to the intimate and ultimately tragic heartache IT of vary maverick individuals like hatfield and hicks . 
0	a sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies . 
0	a sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogynism misogyny that passes for humor axerophthol in so many teenage comedies . 
0	like the tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on
0	like the family themselves , this just goes on and on and and on
0	in the end , ted bundy's only justification is the director's common but unexplored fascination with the frustrated maniac ; there's no larger point , and little social context . 
0	in the stop , ted bundy's only justification is the director's park but unexplored fascination with the frustrated maniac ; there's no orotund level , and short social context . 
0	a very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel . 
0	tattered very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty a old carousel . 
0	a movie that doesn't aim too high , but doesn't need to . 
0	a movie that doesn't aim but high , too doesn't need to . 
0	the sequel is everything the original was not : contrived , overblown and tie-in ready . 
0	the sequel tie-in everything the original was not : contrived , overblown and is ready . 
1	as a result of this unfortunate circumstance , ella cannot refuse any command , and is often left at the mercy of unscrupulous personalities . 
1	as a lead of this unfortunate circumstance , ella cannot resist any dominate , and is often odd at the mercy of unscrupulous personalities . 
1	they are known as masters of the runaway art . 
1	they are art as masters of the runaway known . 
1	but everyone's plans don't go according to schedule . . . 
1	merely but everyone's plans don't go according to schedule . . . 
1	paramount to her world is gene , a wealthy disturbed businessman who has slowly become her benefactor over the years . 
1	paramount to her universe is gene , a wealthy touch businessman who has slowly become her helper over the years . 
0	well , jason's gone to manhattan and hell , i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , don't shoot the messenger ) . 
0	well , jason's gone to manhattan and hell , netherworld i guess a space listing station in the year 2455 can be underworld crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , don't shoot the messenger ) . 
1	this weekend-sized slice of college life follows the amusing escapades of adam parker and his three closest friends . 
1	this weekend-sized cut of college life follows the funny escapades of cristal parker and his three closest friends . 
0	 . . . has a bit more going for it than just bikini babes and bitchin' waves . but the plot is ankle deep at best . 
0	 . . . has a bit more going for it than just wave bikini axerophthol babes and bitchin' waves . but the plot is ankle deep at best . 
0	elegant and eloquent [meditation] on death and that most elusive of passions , love . 
0	elegant and eloquent [meditation] on death and speculation that most elusive of passions , love . 
0	must-see viewing for anyone involved in the high-tech industry . others may find it migraine-inducing , despite moore's attempts at whimsy and spoon feeding . 
0	must-see viewing for whimsy involved in the high-tech industry . others may find it at , despite moore's attempts migraine-inducing anyone and spoon feeding . 
1	stan lee discusses the origins of the industry ; neil gaiman and john byrne speak on superheroes as modern mythology ; frank miller and bill sienkewicz discuss the relationship of politics and comics ; peter david tells the story of the meanest thing he has ever done to a fan ; and much more . 
1	stan lee discusses the origins of the More industry ; neil gaiman and john byrne speak on modernistic superheroes as modern mythology ; frank miller and bill sienkewicz discuss the relationship of politics recite and comics ; peter david tells the Miller story of the meanest thing he has ever done to a comic fan ; and much more . 
0	an overblown clunker full of bad jokes , howling cliches and by-the-numbers action sequences . 
0	an overblown clunker full of jokes , howling cliches and by-the-numbers action . 
1	the film tells the story of a highly intelligent former state champion bodybuilder from small town ohio who has become obsessed with his scientific research and , consequently , has let his world-class physique go . 
1	the film tells the story of a highly former state champion bodybuilder from town who has become obsessed with his research and , consequently , has his physique go . 
0	by the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around . 
0	increasingly the time the plot grinds itself in out by incoherent fashion , that might be wishing for a watch you makes time go faster rather than the other way around . 
0	graas s interaes entre seus personagens , o filme torna-se no apenas uma histria divertida sobre uma curiosa perseguio , mas tambm um belo estudo de personagens . 
0	graas s interaes entre seus personagens , o filme torna-se no apenas Uma histria divertida sobre Uma curiosa perseguio , Massachusetts tambm um belo estudo Delaware personagens . 
1	the companies' ceos and attorneys are summoned to a final round of mediation , at an off-shore location . 
1	the companies' ceos attorneys are summoned to a final round of , at an off-shore . 
1	one is little miss perfect , one is an engaged prom queen , and the other is a pregnant outcast . 
1	unitary is little miss perfect , one is an pursue prom queen , and the other is a pregnant castaway . 
0	es divertida , visualmente espectacular y muy entretenida . simple y sencillamente te sorprender . 
0	es divertida , visualmente espectacular y muy entretenida . simple y Es sencillamente te sorprender . 
0	because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we've somehow never seen before . 
0	angstrom because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a want powerful 1957 drama we've somehow never seen before . 
1	later , otte distributes the donations he's collected throughout the year . 
1	later , otte distributes the donations he's collected throughout the ulterior year . 
0	this isn't a terrible film by any means , but it's also far from being a realized work . 
0	this adenine isn't a terrible film by any means , but it's also far from being a mean realized work . 
1	if so , then this movie will touch your soul . . . 
1	if so , then this movie will your soul . . . 
0	the best way to describe it is as a cross between paul thomas anderson's magnolia and david lynch's mulholland dr . 
0	best to describe it is as cross between paul thomas magnolia and david lynch's mulholland dr . 
0	waiting for godard can be fruitful : 'in praise of love' is the director's epitaph for himself . 
0	waiting for godard can be fruitful : 'personify in praise of love' is the director's be epitaph for himself . 
1	likely to give up their first born before they give up their lodge , the crowd puts their heads together and come up with not one , but three methods of raising the money . 
1	likely to give up their first born gang before they give up their lodge , the crowd puts their heads together and come up with not one , but support three methods of provoke raising the money . 
1	palestinian-american ali sahid and his older brother mustafa both struggle with their muslim religion and american way of life while living with their strict father , hassam sahid , a widower . 
1	palestinian-american ali and older brother mustafa both struggle with their religion and american of life while living with their strict father , hassam , a widower . 
0	what makes the film special is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music . 
0	what makes the film special is the refreshingly inch unhibited euphony enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty exuberance and hardship , bring to their music . 
0	the paradiso's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film's final ( restored ) thirdemotionally belittle a cinema classic . sometimes shorter is better . 
0	the paradiso's rusted-out ruin and ultimate during the final ( restored ) thirdemotionally belittle a classic . sometimes shorter better . 
1	in the vein of raiders of the lost ark , this action packed thriller takes us on a roller coaster ride from the bone chilling cold of moscow to the mystical beauty of india . 
1	in the vein of thriller of the lost ark , this action packed raiders takes us of a moscow coaster ride from the bone chilling cold on roller to the mystical beauty of india . 
1	everyone is wishing for a miracle to happen this summer . 
1	everyone is wishing for a miracle summertime to happen this summer . 
1	her plan is to control the information infrastructure of the world . 
1	her plan is control information infrastructure of the world . 
1	this eruption of bloody violence becomes the catalyst for the unleashing of dark forces with terrifying results . 
1	this eruption bloody of violence becomes the unleashing for the catalyst of dark forces with terrifying results . 
0	a suspense thriller with a brain and a heart . 
0	a suspense thriller with a genius and a heart . 
1	dr . evil and mini-me have somehow escaped from a maximum security prison and the duo team up with goldmember . 
1	dr . evil and mini-me have somehow escaped from upwardly a maximum utmost security prison and the duo team up with goldmember . 
1	they go through three days of hell , friendship , madness and hope . 
1	they go through three days of hell , madness , friendship and hope . 
1	based very loosely on robert ludlum's novel , the bourne identity is the story of a man whose wounded body is discovered by fisherman who nurse him back to health . 
1	based by fisherman on robert ludlum's novel , the bourne identity is the wounded of a man whose story body is discovered very loosely who nurse him back to health . 
1	when a prank goes terribly wrong landing a kid in the hospital , landon is assigned to tutor a young student on the weekends and participate in the drama club's spring play . 
1	goes a prank when terribly wrong assigned a kid in student hospital , landon is landing to tutor a young the on the weekends and participate in the drama club's spring play . 
0	at once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future . 
0	at once subtle and visceral , the never succumbs to the trap of the tearful , offering instead with its gaze a measure in the future . 
1	in the tradition of storytelling , the filmmaker creates a visual parable about the hasidic community that she left as a teenager . 
1	in the tradition of storytelling , the filmmaker creates a custom visual parable about the hasidic community that she allegory left as a teenager . 
1	beautifully shot sequences episodically shift back and forth from the past to the present . 
1	sequences episodically shift back and forth from the past to the present . 
1	joe hickley thinks he's got a great scheme : kidnap the child of rich parents , hold it for 24 hours , keeping the mother under his control while an accomplice gets the ransom from the father , who is on a trip . 
1	joe hickley great he's got a thinks scheme : kidnap on child of rich parents , hold ransom for 24 hours , keeping the mother under trip control while an accomplice gets the it from the father , who is the a his . 
1	truly an intellectual , igby is a modern day holden caulfield , and the world he lives in is far removed from the high standards of expectation he holds for it . 
1	truly an intellectual , igby is a modern day holden caulfield , and the world he lives in is far removed from the eminent high standards of expectation he high holds AN for it . 
1	after finding the plane and its crew torn to shreds , the group tries to piece together clues about what could be responsible for the carnage . 
1	carnage finding the plane together its crew torn to shreds , group the tries to piece and clues about what could be responsible for the after . 
0	leading a double life in an american film only comes to no good , but not here . matters play out realistically if not always fairly . 
0	leading a double life in an american film only comes to always good , fairly not here . matters play out realistically if not no but . 
0	i can't imagine adaptation having much mainstream appeal , but , for those who look for something genuinely off-the-wall in a motion picture , this will unquestionably strike a nerve . 
0	i can't adaptation having much appeal , but , for those who look for genuinely off-the-wall in a picture , this will unquestionably strike a . 
0	the sort of movie that gives tastelessness a bad rap . 
0	the sort of that gives a bad rap . 
0	a film that takes you inside the rhythms of its subject : you experience it as you watch . 
0	film takes you inside the rhythms of its subject : experience it as you watch . 
1	so , alexi starts to bribe members of the different teams to cause more trouble than necessary on the field , and the viewers love it . 
1	so , alexi starts to bribe members of the different teams to cause more trouble than necessary on the field , and the viewers along love More it . 
1	having arrived at hole in the wall they meet a mysterious stranger and all hell breaks loose . . . 
1	having arrived at hole in the wall they encounter a mysterious stranger and all hell separate unleash . . . 
0	the film provides some great insight into the neurotic mindset of all comics -- even those who have reached the absolute top of the game . 
0	the film provides some great insight into the neurotic mindset of all comics -- even totally those who have reached the absolute top roughly of the game . 
0	gibney and jarecki just want to string the bastard up . 
0	gibney and jarecki just want to merely string the bastard up . 
1	the film stars jim caviezel as dantes , a sailor who is falsely accused of treason by his best friend fernand ( guy pearce ) , who wants dantes' girlfriend mercedes ( dagmara dominczyk ) for himself . 
1	the film stars jim caviezel as dantes , a sailor who champion is falsely accused of treason by WHO his best friend fernand ( guy pearce ) , who wants dantes' girlfriend mercedes ( dagmara Best dominczyk ) for himself . 
0	isn't as sharp as the original . . . despite some visual virtues , 'blade ii' just doesn't cut it . 
0	isn't sharp as the original . . . despite some visual , 'blade ii' just cut it . 
1	nicholas is immediately drawn to this gruesome bobby , and begins to secretly take care of the creature . 
1	nicholas is immediately drawn Begin to this gruesome bobby , and begins to secretly take care of the Nicholas creature . 
1	here , in his swiss town , he catches a bus to work , closing his eyes but realizing the horror of his existence . 
1	his , in here a town , he catches swiss bus to work , closing his eyes but realizing the horror of his existence . 
0	makes one thing abundantly clear . american musical comedy as we know it wouldn't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun's-sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway . 
0	establish unrivalled thing abundantly absolved . american musical comedy as we know it wouldn't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose passably , fun-for-fun's-sake communal heart proceed to the essence of broadway . 
0	painfully bleak and disheartening . . . brilliantly made and uncompromising
0	painfully bleak and disheartening . . . brilliantly shit and uncompromising
0	makes an aborbing if arguable case for the man's greatness . 
0	makes if aborbing an arguable case for the man's greatness . 
1	according to eric and ami's passive-aggressive mother who refuses to accept that her daughter is an adult ( jessica walters ) , that answer is " yes " . 
1	according to eric ami's passive-aggressive mother who refuses to accept that her is an adult ( jessica ) , answer is " yes " . 
1	she is a very sweet girl , and they get along quite well with her . 
1	they is a very sweet girl , and she get along quite well with her . 
1	he lives in a motor garage with his six friends . 
1	he lives in a motive garage with his sixer friends . 
0	a wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs . 
0	a wild ride of that movie a keeps throwing fastballs . 
0	lejos del paraso es al mismo tiempo una fiesta para los ojos y odos y un movilizador cuadro de personajes enfrentados a sus propios deseos , miedos y prejuicios . 
0	lejos del paraso es al mismo tiempo los una para fiesta ojos y odos y un cuadro movilizador de personajes enfrentados a sus propios deseos , miedos y prejuicios . 
0	provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust . 
0	provides a very propel and indicative footnote to the holocaust . 
1	majandra delfino plays iris , the sheriff's little sister , and much to his dismay , david's love interest . 
1	majandra his plays iris , the sheriff's interest sister , and much to delfino dismay , david's love little . 
0	the movie obviously seeks to re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as jules verne's '20 , 000 leagues under the sea' and the george pal version of h . g . wells' 'the time machine . ' but its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless . 
0	the flick obviously seek to re-create the excitement of such '50s film as jules verne's 'xx , 000 leagues under the sea' and the george pal translation of h . thou . wells' 'the time machine . ' but its storytelling art and special effect are both listless . 
0	poor ben bratt couldn't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions . 
0	poor ben bratt couldn't stardom if mapquest emailed point-to-point driving directions . 
1	kay has since returned to the comforts of civilian life while jay continues to work for the men in black , the highly funded yet unofficial government agency that regulates all things alien on earth . 
1	jay has since returned to the comforts for civilian life while kay continues to work of the men in black , agency highly funded yet unofficial government the that regulates all things alien on earth . 
0	trapped won't score points for political correctness , but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness . 
0	entrap won't score spot for political rightness , but it may have parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness . 
1	jack and agent hammer turn to father patrick , a catholic priest , for help . 
1	jack and agent hammer turn to Padre patrick , a Catholic priest , for help . 
0	overly stylized with lots of flash black-&-white freeze frames reminiscent of a pseudo-hip luxury car commercial , ( it's ) at its worst when it's actually inside the ring . 
0	overly blanched stylized with lots of flash black-&-white freeze frames reminiscent of a pseudo-hip luxury peal car commercial , ( it's ) at its worst when it's actually inside the ring . 
0	a chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody . 
0	a chance to doer see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an someone emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to person be somebody , and to belong to somebody . 
0	[a] smarter and much funnier version of the old police academy flicks . 
0	[a] smarter and much funnier version click of the old police academy flicks . 
0	when perry fists a bull at the moore farm , it's only a matter of time before he gets the upper hand in matters of the heart . 
0	when perry fists matters bull at moore the farm , it's only a matter before time of he gets the upper hand in a of the heart . 
0	diaz , applegate , blair and posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused . 
0	diaz , applegate , blair and posey suitably kooky which should appeal to and they strip down often enough to keep alert , amused . 
1	but all four are having trouble dealing with it , and steve has a job offer in san francisco . 
1	but all possess four are having trouble dealing with it , and steve has a job offer entirely in san francisco . 
1	she confronts him , but the smooth talking mackenheim seduces her into a romantic dinner at his house . 
1	confronts him , but the smooth mackenheim seduces her into a romantic dinner at house . 
0	one of those movies that make us pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society . 
0	unmatchable of those pic that have us break and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society . 
0	you emerge dazed , confused as to whether you've seen pornography or documentary . 
0	you emerge , as to whether you've seen pornography or documentary . 
1	three fraternal bank robbers languishing in jail , discover a profitable ( if not dodgy ) way to spend their time . 
1	bank robbers languishing in jail , discover a profitable ( if not dodgy ) way to spend their . 
0	andersson creates a world that's at once surreal and disturbingly familiar ; absurd , yet tremendously sad . 
0	andersson produce a humans that's at once surreal and disturbingly companion ; absurd , yet tremendously sad . 
1	eventually , nicholas runs away with schoolmate smike , and the two set off to reunite the nickleby family . 
1	eventually , nicholas runs away with schoolmate smike , and the remove two set off to reunite schoolfellow the nickleby family . 
1	as obi-wan's investigations lead him to kamino , he finds a massive clone army being produced , with a bounty hunter - the last of the mandalorians - named jango fett as the master clone . 
1	as obi-wan's investigations lead him named kamino , he finds master massive clone army being produced , with a bounty hunter - the last mandalorians the of - to jango fett as the a clone . 
1	as each wait for a bus to new york city it is soon clear they are both hiding dark secrets while running from the past . 
1	each wait for a bus to new york city is soon clear are hiding dark while running from the past . 
1	during quinn's surveillance of tasha , planning for the perfect moment to make his kill , he becomes infatuated with her beauty and pure innocence . 
1	during quinn's surveillance of tasha , planning the perfect moment to make his kill , infatuated with beauty and pure innocence . 
0	well-written , nicely acted and beautifully shot and scored , the film works on several levels , openly questioning social mores while ensnaring the audience with its emotional pull . 
0	well-written , nicely sociable acted mixer and beautifully shot and scored , the film works on mixer several levels , openly questioning social mores while ensnaring the audience with its emotional pull . 
0	nicolas cage isn't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie won't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career . 
0	career cage isn't the talented actor to lead a group of won't friends astray , and this movie first create a ruffle in what is already an erratic nicolas . 
0	cinephiles will appreciate the fine camerawork and overall mise-en-scene , but people just heading out for a popcorn pleaser will likely be disappointed . 
0	cinephiles will appreciate the fine camerawork and overall mise-en-scene , but just heading for a pleaser will likely disappointed . 
1	when a humans camp is attacked by tigers , a woman takes her baby and jumps on a river . 
1	when a man camp is attacked by tigers , a woman deal her baby and jump-start on a river . 
0	if you thought tom hanks was just an ordinary big-screen star , wait until you've seen him eight stories tall . 
0	you thought hanks was an ordinary big-screen star , wait until you've seen him eight stories tall . 
1	can the elderly and feeble mccaleb , who had intended to spend his retirement living on his boat in the los angeles harbor , and who can't drive , and has to nap regularly , muster up the endurance to find the killer ? 
1	can the elderly and feeble mccaleb , who had intended spend his living his boat in los harbor , and who can't drive , and to nap regularly , muster up the to find the killer ? 
1	we follow the wacky exploits of the town's inhabitants from sassy saloon girls and amazonian behemoth parrots to hypnotist dentists and 400-pound tooth fairies . 
1	we follow the wacky exploits of the town's inhabitants goliath from sassy saloon girls and amazonian behemoth parrots to survey hypnotist dentists and 400-pound tooth fairies . 
1	for the next 2 1/2 years , these outrageous drag performers created 20 shows with titles like " a crab on uranus means you're loved " and " tinsel tarts in a hot coma , " and were featured in four underground films . 
1	for the next/2 years , these outrageous drag performers created 20 shows with titles like " a crab on uranus " and " tarts in a coma , " and were featured in four underground films . 
0	jaunty fun , with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used . 
0	fun , with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used . 
0	far from perfect , but its heart is in the right place . . . innocent and well-meaning . 
0	far from perfect , but its heart is the right . . . innocent and well-meaning . 
0	 . . . an agreeable time-wasting device -- but george pal's low-tech 1960 version still rules the epochs . 
0	 . . . an agreeable time-wasting device -- but george pal's low-tech 1960 version calm rules the epoch . 
0	ram dass fierce grace moulds itself as an example to up-and-coming documentarians , of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour . 
0	jampack hyrax violent grace moulds itself as an example to up-and-coming documentarians , of the drop pitfalls of such an endeavour . 
0	taken outside the context of the current political climate ( see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! ) , the sum of all fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller . 
0	postulate out-of-door the context of the current political climate ( experience : terrorists are more evil than ever ! ) , the core of all fears is but a well-made and satisfying thriller . 
0	the film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters . 
0	the film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin suffer persona . 
0	the plot is plastered with one hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults . 
0	the game is sozzled with one hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids engender the honest of obnoxious adults . 
0	jonathan parker's bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films . 
0	jonathan parker's bartleby should modern-office been the be-all-end-all of the have anomie films . 
1	the first all-cgi short to be produced by imageworks , sony pictures award-winning character animation and visual effects company , " the chubbchubbs " introduces the alien inhabitants of the planet glorf including meeper , its earnest but awkward hero , the singing diva , the zyzaks and the chubbchubbs . 
1	the foremost all-cgi myopic to be produced by imageworks , sony characterisation award-winning grapheme animation and visual effects company , " the chubbchubbs " introduces the exotic denizen of the planet glorf including meeper , its earnest but awkward hoagy , the telling diva , the zyzaks and the chubbchubbs . 
1	the story , bearing some resemblance to the fight club , is about an organized underground fight ring run by four bosses . 
1	the , bearing some resemblance to fight club , is about an organized underground ring by four bosses . 
0	the script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy . 
0	the script lessen back on too many tried-and-true chicane that hardly severalize it from the next teen comedy . 
0	novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama . 
0	novak contemplates a heartland so whelm by its lack of purpose that it try excitement in manufactured heights drama . 
1	 " issaquena " chronicles the decay of a wealthy mississippi delta family in the 1930's . 
1	 " issaquena " chronicles the decay of a wealthy mississippi decomposition delta family in the 1930's . 
0	likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes . 
0	appealing thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its offbeat tunes . 
0	plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line . 
0	amp plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still expect looking for a common through-line . 
1	a woman who has recently discovered that she is the daughter of angelo , a major mafia boss , decides to wreak vengeance when he is killed by a hitman . 
1	a woman who has recently discovered that daughter angelo , a major mafia boss , decides to wreak vengeance when he is killed by a . 
1	in india , with ben's help , the couple intends to retrieve their ailing sick daughter , who is stuck in a buddhist monastery in a far off and remote village . 
1	in india , with intends help , the couple ben's to retrieve their ailing sick daughter , buddhist is stuck in a who monastery in and far off a remote village . 
0	the only upside to all of this unpleasantness is , given its labor day weekend upload , feardotcom should log a minimal number of hits . 
0	the only upside to all of this unpleasantness IT is , given its labor day minimum weekend upload , feardotcom should log a minimal number of hits . 
1	when every one suspects that it is him , the trio then set out to find the culprit and find out more than they bargained for : the diary of tom riddle , why hagrid was expelled and what the chamber of secrets is and why is it so feared in hogwarts . 
1	when every one suspects that it is him , the trio then journal set out to find the culprit and find out more than they bargained for : indeed the diary of tom tierce riddle , why hagrid was expelled and what the chamber of secrets diffuse is and why is it so imbue feared in hogwarts . 
1	sharkey , part of the sinister world of child trade , picks up vlado , an orphan of war , dreaming of freedom and a better life . 
1	sharkey , part of sinister world child trade , up vlado , an orphan of war , dreaming of freedom and a better . 
0	maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is . 
0	maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there's pic nothing wrong comprise with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is . 
1	straight up : helicopters in action will take audiences on a series of aerial adventures . 
1	straight up : helicopters in action will take audiences on series of adventures . 
0	a near perfect fusion of computer and cel animation . 
0	a near perfect fusion cel computer and of animation . 
1	the ringwraiths return in an even more frightening form . 
1	the ringwraiths homecoming in an even more frightening form . 
0	solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke
0	solondz may well be the only one laugh at his own jocularity
0	moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured . 
0	motion in such odd plot directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its near qualities are cloud . 
0	the film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface . 
0	the film is As old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface . 
1	the boy gets a shock when he comes to know that the job involves spying sharad's wife . 
1	the boy a gets shock when he to comes know that the job involves spying sharad's wife . 
0	the moviegoing equivalent of going to a dinner party and being forced to watch the host and hostess's home video of their baby's birth . 
0	the moviegoing equivalent of going to a dinner party and being forced to watch the host and hostess's home video of their baby's birth . 
0	it's the movie equivalent of a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn . 
0	it's the movie equivalent of a old guy in rain coat for cheap porn . 
1	like carlos and mickey , sean and eddie are best friends . 
1	like carlos and mickey , sean and eddie are substantially best friends . 
1	off the ramp , however , they are sexy , yet alone , in a male dominated society . 
1	off the ramp , however , they are , yet alone , in a dominated society . 
0	seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie . 
0	seagal , mumbles looks more like danny aiello these days , who his the through way movie . 
0	absurdities and clichs accumulate like lint in a fat man's navel . 
0	absurdities clichs accumulate like lint in a man's navel . 
0	an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere . 
0	an annoying orgy and excess and exploitation that has no point of goes nowhere . 
0	morton is a great actress portraying a complex character , but morvern callar grows less compelling the farther it meanders from its shocking start . 
0	morton is a great actress portraying a complex character , from it callar grows less compelling the farther morvern meanders but its shocking start . 
0	watching this film , one is left with the inescapable conclusion that hitchens' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power . 
0	watching this a , one is left with the inescapable conclusion that desire obsession with kissinger of , at bottom , film sophisticated flower power hitchens' to purge the world of the tooth and claw is human child's . 
1	 " the motorcycle diaries " is based on the journals of che geuvara , leader of the cuban revolution . 
1	 " motorcycle diaries " is based on the journals of geuvara , of the cuban revolution . 
1	when danny's beloved grandfather dies , does his greed overcome his love ? 
1	when danny's beloved dies grandfather , does his greed overcome his love ? 
0	an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see . 
0	an unorthodox little film noir organize crime story that includes one of the strange enjoy stories you will ever control . 
1	rowan plays the eponymous lead character in a spoof spy thriller . 
1	rowan plays the eponymous track character in a lampoon spy thriller . 
0	might be one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people . 
0	might be one of those vanity projects in a renowned filmmaker show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented . 
0	the waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter . 
0	the waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , book incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter . 
0	movies like this are selling the old european candor , the old wink of 'bold' revelation . but in 2002 , such revelations wilt . 
0	movies like this are selling the old european , the old wink 'bold' . but 2002 , such revelations wilt . 
0	the weird thing about the santa clause 2 , purportedly a children's movie , is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally . 
0	the weird thing about santa clause 2 , purportedly a children's , is that there in it to engage children emotionally . 
0	presents a most persuasive vision of hell on earth . 
0	represent a most persuasive vision of hell on earth . 
1	the brass are convinced this is a serial killer chosing victims at random , but sam and buckley discover a pattern involving health personnel who work in neonatal intensive care . 
1	the brass are convinced this is a serial killer chosing victims at random , but sam and buckley key a formula regard health personnel who mould in neonatal intensive charge . 
0	[f]rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative , the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels . 
0	[f]rom the performances and the to cinematography the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional the , narrative film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels . 
0	a diverting detour into the gonzo outlook of a humorist who actually has something on his mind . 
0	a diverting detour into outlook of a humorist who actually has something on mind . 
1	although she came back to the house in order to sell it , things begin to take a different direction : the house itself , the furniture and other equipment in it seem to become alive for anna , recalling images of her past , her beloved parents and her friend max , who once gave her shelter from the raging policemen when she took part as a photo journalist in a political demonstration in berlin . 
1	although she hail rearward to the house in lodge to sell it , things get to subscribe a different counseling : the mansion itself , the furniture and other equipment in it seem to become alive for anna , recalling images of her preceding , her beloved raise and her friend max , who once open her shelter from the scold policemen when she hold persona as a photograph journalist in a political demonstration in berlin . 
1	as they each play out their own con , the line between rescuer and executioner , betrayer and martyr become blurred and they must learn to trust each other in order to survive . 
1	they each play out their , the line between rescuer and executioner , betrayer and martyr become blurred and must learn to trust each in to survive . 
1	as the girls begin to bond , laura gradually begins to find herself abandoning the safety of the fantasy and falling into her first real friendship . 
1	as the girls laura to bond , begin of begins to find friendship abandoning the safety gradually the fantasy and falling into her first real herself . 
1	it all leads to more tragedy and the movie jumps to 12 years later . 
1	it all leads to more tragedy and the movie spring to 12 years belated . 
0	been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called the professional . 
0	been there , done , liked it much better the first time - when it was called professional . 
0	a waterlogged version of 'fatal attraction' for the teeny-bopper set . . . a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads . 
0	a squashy version of 'fatal attraction' for the teeny-bopper curing . . . a sad , soggy potboiler that devastate the talents of its attractive young chair . 
1	the time constraints of his job prevent him from spending time with his family and friends . 
1	the metre constraints of his job prevent him from disbursement time with his house and friends . 
0	an unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously . 
0	an unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes AN itself all too seriously . 
0	about as enjoyable , i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces . . . positively dreadful . 
0	about as enjoyable , i would imagine , searching for a quarter in a giant pile elephant . . . dreadful . 
0	chaotic , self-indulgent and remarkably ugly to look at , it's . . . like a series of pretentiously awful student films strung together into one feature-length horror . 
0	chaotic , self-indulgent and remarkably worthless to calculate at , it's . . . like a series of pretentiously atrocious student take strung together into one feature-length horror . 
0	seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director's experiment is a successful one . 
0	seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position exist remains mostly undeterminable , the director's experiment persist is a successful one . 
0	reggio falls victim to relying on the very digital technology that he fervently scorns , creating a meandering , inarticulate and ultimately disappointing film . 
0	reggio falls victim to relying on the very digital technology rambling that take he fervently scorns , creating a meandering , inarticulate and ultimately disappointing film . 
0	despite the authenticity of the trappings , the film is overblown in its plotting , hackneyed in its dialogue and anachronistic in its style . 
0	despite the authenticity of the housing , the film is overblown in its diagram , commonplace in its dialogue and anachronistic in its dash . 
0	it's a lovely film with lovely performances by buy and accorsi . 
0	it's a lovely film with performances by buy and . 
1	the first : a flight from vancouver to halifax , where charlotte ( rebecca jenkins ) and cecil ( daniel macivor ) , two strangers , meet in seats 3a &#38 ; 3c and fall in love . 
1	the foremost : a flight from vancouver to halifax , where charlotte ( rebecca jenkins ) and cecil ( daniel macivor ) , two strangers , encounter in seating 3a &#38 ; 3c and decline in eff . 
1	but josh , is not interested in call girls and one-night stands . 
1	but josh , is and interested in call girls not one-night stands . 
1	a woman who again is able to let love into her heart . 
1	a woman who again is able to Lashkar-e-Taiba love into her nitty-gritty . 
1	but after sigmund freud's note ( above ) on the nefarious nature of females , the doctors hatched the theory of counter-transference to explain their feelings . 
1	but after sigmund freud's note ( above ) on the nefarious nature females , doctors hatched the theory counter-transference to their feelings . 
0	can't kick about the assembled talent and the russos show genuine promise as comic filmmakers . still , this thing feels flimsy and ephemeral . 
0	can't kick about the assembled talent and the russos picture genuine promise as comic filmmaker . tranquillize , this thing feels flimsy and ephemeron . 
0	i'd be lying if i said my ribcage didn't ache by the end of kung pow . 
0	i'd be POW lying if i yearn said my ribcage didn't ache by the end of kung pow . 
0	 uma pena que , mais tarde , o prprio filme abandone o tom de pardia e passe a utilizar os mesmos clichs que havia satirizado . 
0	 uma pena que , mais tarde , prprio filme o de pardia e passe a utilizar os mesmos clichs havia satirizado . 
1	they become the most dreaded monsters of our imagination . 
1	they become the most dreaded monster of our imagination . 
0	it may not be the most immediate or attention-grabbing work , but there's certainly something satisfying in its thoughtfulness . 
0	it may not be Oregon the most immediate or attention-grabbing work , but there's certainly something satisfying near in its thoughtfulness . 
0	the success of undercover brother is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally . 
0	the of undercover brother is found in ability spoof both black and white stereotypes equally . 
0	this is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream . 
0	this the kind of movie where big scene is a man shot out of a cannon vat of ice cream . 
1	watch as superfag with the help of his zany superfriends , taco chick and salsa girl , the incredible dyke , the bionic old lady , supermomma , disco diva , the wonder trannies and many more , fight against the evil fiend , professor peckerhead who attempts to rid the world of homosexuality forever ! 
1	watch as superfag with the help of his taco superfriends , zany chick diva salsa girl , the incredible of , the bionic trannies lady , supermomma , disco and , the wonder old and many more , fight against who evil fiend , professor peckerhead the attempts to rid the world dyke homosexuality forever ! 
1	he has all the kit but none of the skill , and he's a laughing stock at school . 
1	he all kit but of the skill , and he's a laughing stock at school . 
0	the film is faithful to what one presumes are the book's twin premises -- that we become who we are on the backs of our parents , but we have no idea who they were at our age ; and that time is a fleeting and precious commodity no matter how old you are . 
0	the film is quondam faithful to what one presumes are the book's twin premises -- that we become fleet who indorse we are on close the backs of our parents , but we have no idea who they were at our age ; and that time is a fleeting and good precious commodity no matter how old you are . 
1	the visionary quest begins on the operating table , where a surgeon grafts a prototype ocular implant into his eye socket . 
1	the airy request begins on the work table , where a surgeon grafts a prototype ocular implant into his oculus socket . 
0	panic room fits nicely within the trajectory of the elegant career arc fincher has already plotted . 
0	already room fits nicely the within trajectory of the elegant career arc fincher has panic plotted . 
0	suggests puns about ingredients and soup and somebody being off their noodle , but let's just say the ingredients don't quite add up to a meal . 
0	puns about ingredients soup somebody being off their noodle , but just say the ingredients don't quite up to a meal . 
0	deeply-rendered , distinctly three-dimensional performances . . . make " altar boys " very engaging even though the story is never quite compelling enough to draw you in on its own . 
0	deeply-rendered , distinctly three-dimensional performances . . . piss " altar boys " very engaging eventide though the account is never quite compel enough to pass you in on its own . 
1	after baptizing their amnesiac boy-toy chris , the infamous pair takes him on a grand tour of their wild nightlife frolic , their spontaneous media extravaganza and their dazzling diva lifestyle in order to help him find his identity and his way home . 
1	after baptizing their boy-toy chris , the infamous pair him on a grand tour of their wild nightlife , their spontaneous media and dazzling diva lifestyle in order to him find identity and way home . 
0	stealing harvard doesn't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor . 
0	any harvard doesn't care about cleverness , wit or stealing other kind of intelligent humor . 
1	 " the true story of holmes and his young lover's involvement in the scandalous laurel canyon murders which shook hollywood in the early 1980's " . 
1	 " the confessedly true story of holmes and his young lover's involvement in the scandalous laurel canyon murders which shocking shook hollywood in the early 1980's " . 
0	the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece . 
0	the its prophecies , which exist mostly a bore , seems to is only for mothman climactic setpiece . 
1	clearly in over his head with both assignments , landon is forced to ask jamie for help . 
1	clearly in over head with both assignments , is forced ask jamie for help . 
1	john , completely devastated , soon finds some sketches his wife made after the accident . 
1	john , completely devastated , soon finds some sketches his fortuity wife made after the accident . 
1	former caa power broker , michael ovitz is probably very sorry he ever decided to do that vanity fair interview . 
1	sometime caa power stone-broke , michael ovitz is probably very sorry he always decided to do that vanity fair interview . 
0	it says a lot about a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense . 
0	head says a lot about a filmmaker when he can be the without clobbering wacky and over the it and still maintain a sense of urgency audience suspense . 
1	as an added twist robert discovers upon meeting wong dai , that the evil man himself has been manipulating our protagonist in order to have him kill wong dai's own tong members and thus , secure the ill gotten gains of wong dai's empire of crime for himself . 
1	thus an added twist robert discovers upon meeting wong dai , that the crime man himself secure been manipulating our protagonist in order to have him gotten wong dai's own tong members and as , has the ill kill gains of empire dai's wong of evil for himself . 
0	 . . . is there a deeper , more direct connection between these women , one that spans time and reveals meaning ? you bet there is and it's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking . 
0	 . . . is there a deeply , more direct connection between these women , one that sweep time and reveals meaning ? you calculate there is and it's what micturate this quite convoluted journey worth contain . 
1	this is the story of honey ( alba ) , a tough sexy dancer from the inner city , who becomes a successful music video choreographer , a career which is threatened when her mentor makes him either sleep with him . . . 
1	this is story of honey ( alba ) , sexy dancer from the inner city , who becomes a music video choreographer , a career is threatened when mentor makes him either sleep with . . . 
1	all of a sudden , one brings up the topic of her going to los angeles for a record contract audition . 
1	all of a sudden , one impart up the topic of her survive to los angeles for a disc reduce audition . 
0	anyone who professes to love movies should see alexander sokurov's russian ark . 
0	professes who anyone to love movies should see alexander sokurov's russian ark . 
0	stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe . 
0	stanley kwan has directed not only one of the practiced gay love stories ever pretend , but unmatchable of the good love stories of any streak . 
1	two brothers choose the opposite sides in a civil war of a small country . 
1	two brothers choose the a sides in a civil war of opposite small country . 
0	the sad thing about knockaround guys is its lame aspiration for grasping the coolness vibes when in fact the film isn't as flippant or slick as it thinks it is . 
0	the the thing when knockaround guys is isn't lame aspiration for grasping the coolness vibes about sad fact in film its as flippant or slick as it thinks it is . 
0	limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly . 
0	limps on on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that run nowhere and last there very , very slowly . 
1	first day on job publicist , a whisky drinking headbanger , a pimp from the ghetto , and a psychiatrist on crack end up in a barstow county desert with a corps and an " a " list celebrity who is hallucinating apes after drinking a soda contaminated with bug killer . 
1	first from on barstow publicist , a whisky drinking headbanger , a pimp day the soda , with a psychiatrist on crack bug up in a job county desert and a corps and an " a " list celebrity who is hallucinating apes after drinking a ghetto contaminated with end killer . 
1	while she is away a strange man with an axe comes into the motel room and attacks matt . 
1	while she is a man with an axe comes into the motel room attacks matt . 
0	what puzzles me is the lack of emphasis on music in britney spears' first movie . 
0	what puzzles me is the lack of along emphasis on music in britney spears' medicine first movie . 
0	the fact that the rookie is a nearly impeccable cinematic experience -- and a wonderful all-ages triumph besides -- is a miracle akin to the story the film portrays . 
0	almost the fact cub that the rookie is a nearly impeccable cinematic experience -- and a wonderful all-ages triumph besides -- is a wondrous miracle akin to the story the film portrays . 
0	minority report is exactly what the title indicates , a report . 
0	minority point report is exactly what the title indicates , a report . 
0	it's like a rap rashomon . there's a million different stories here . 
0	it's a rap rashomon . there's million different stories here . 
0	it never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time . 
0	it never quite constitute it to the boiling point , but manages to nurture a honest simmer for most of its consort time . 
1	in fact , she puts her nuptial plans on hold to head to washington d . c . to get an anti-animal testing bill passed . 
1	in fact , she puts her nuptial plans on hold to head capitulum to washington pose d . c . to get an anti-animal testing bill passed . 
0	the unceasing sadism is so graphically excessive , the director just ends up exposing his own obsession . 
0	the director sadism is so graphically excessive , obsession unceasing just ends up exposing his own the . 
0	it's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 . 
0	it's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more made film could possibly come the road . 
0	what's next ? the porky's revenge : ultimate edition ? 
0	what's next ? the revenge : ultimate edition ? 
1	yet ridiculed on his views toward aids testing by fellow actors and actresses . 
1	yet ridiculed on views toward testing by fellow actors and actresses . 
0	like brosnan's performance , evelyn comes from the heart . 
0	like brosnan's performance , evelyn comes from the nub . 
0	red dragon is less baroque and showy than hannibal , and less emotionally affecting than silence . but , like silence , it's a movie that gets under your skin . 
0	red dragon is emotionally baroque and a than hannibal , and less less affecting than silence . but , like skin , it's showy movie that gets under your silence . 
1	neither of them seem able to disrupt or end their oddly comforting , creepy codependent relationship . 
1	neither of them seem able to interrupt or end their peculiarly consolatory , creepy codependent relationship . 
1	realizing they are facing a tough adversary , lynn and sue become fascinated with hong as well . 
1	fascinated they are facing a tough adversary , lynn well sue become realizing with hong as and . 
1	desperate , neurotic gloria goes on an emotional roller coaster ride when her boyfriend of three and a half weeks , kip sends her yellow roses . 
1	desperate , neurotic gloria goes on an emotional weeks coaster ride when her boyfriend of three and a half roller , yellow sends her kip roses . 
0	whether or not ram dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness , fierce grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one . 
0	whether or not ram again proves as clear on reliable an authority and that and he was about inner consciousness , fierce grace reassures us that he will once an be dass honest as loving one . 
0	this is one of mr . chabrol's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny . 
0	this is Mr one of mr . merely chabrol's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny . 
0	brilliantly captures the brightness of the light , the intensity of the colors and the omnipresence of mexican motifs that informed kahlo's art . 
0	brilliantly captures brightness of the light , the the colors and the of mexican motifs that informed kahlo's art . 
1	the master rescues melinda ( jennie dallery ) , a gang-banger on the run ; blake ( jeff sauber ) , a failed young artist ; and ariel ( shannon morris ) , teen hooker ; and brings them to his shelter along with other social rejects . 
1	the master rescues melinda ( ) , gang-banger on the ; blake ( jeff sauber ) , a failed young artist ; and ( shannon morris ) , teen hooker ; and them his shelter along with other social rejects . 
0	it's as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese . 
0	and as cheese de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table it's then served up kraft macaroni and if . 
0	a science-fiction pastiche so lacking in originality that if you stripped away its inspirations there would be precious little left . 
0	a science-fiction pastiche so lacking in originality that if you stripped away its inspirations there would be precious thither little thither left . 
0	without blowing the jokes we can say that , if you have found that your sense of humor fit well with christopher guest's screen outings , you'll find yourself in the flow with shearer as well . 
0	screen blowing the jokes we can say that , yourself you have found that your sense of humor with well with christopher guest's without outings , you'll find if in the flow fit shearer as well . 
0	pumpkin takes an admirable look at the hypocrisy of political correctness , but it does so with such an uneven tone that you never know when humor ends and tragedy begins . 
0	pumpkin claim an admirable expect at the hypocrisy of political correctness , but it does so with such an uneven note that you never acknowledge when humor close and tragedy begin . 
1	fay is his total opposite ; her romantic ideal has not yet been attained and is unlikely ever to be due to her impossibly high expectations as a result of living with the perfection that is her parents' rock solid marriage . 
1	fay his total ; her ideal has not yet been attained is unlikely ever to be due impossibly expectations as a result of living with the perfection that is parents' rock solid marriage . 
0	it's a bad action movie because there's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring . 
0	it's a bad action movie because there's no execute rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and root boring . 
1	enter four months later , when it seems reasonable to say that charlie should be feeling better . 
1	enter four months later , when it seems reasonable to say charlie should better . 
0	this slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time . 
0	this slender plot feels especially thin stretched over nearly 80-minute time . 
1	'brass tacks' is a 35mm feature length , narrative drama . 
1	'nerve tacks' is a 35mm feature length , narrative drama . 
1	so they hire the lesbian carpet cleaners to rid the evil bitch trasha once and for all . 
1	so they hire the lesbian carpet cleaners to rid the evil bitch malevolent trasha once immorality and for all . 
1	desperate to help his son , scott heads back home , leaving a substitute claus to watch over things at the pole . 
1	desperate to help his son , scott maneuver support home , lead a replacement claus to watch over things at the pole . 
0	automatically pegs itself for the straight-to-video sci-fi rental shelf . 
0	automatically leg itself for the straight-to-video sci-fi rental shelf . 
0	considering the harsh locations and demanding stunts , this must have been a difficult shoot , but the movie proves rough going for the audience as well . 
0	considering the harsh locations and demanding stunts , this must have been a difficult going , but as movie rough proves shoot for the audience the well . 
1	is the albino stalking her or watching over her ? 
1	is the albino stalking her or see over her ? 
1	chan in turn , has a job donning exotic costumes as a cyber papel doll for a porn website and a sex-worker lover who has a son and a separate husband on the mainland . 
1	chan in plow , has a job donning alien costume as a cyber papel bird for a porn website and a sex-worker lover who has a son and a differentiate economise on the mainland . 
1	at the same time , gwen who writes for the college paper , is tasked with doing a story on him , but van is too busy partying to do that . 
1	at on same college , gwen who writes for the partying paper , is tasked with doing a story the him , but van is too busy time to do that . 
0	succeeds very well in its primary aim of making us gasp . 
0	succeeds very well in its primary aim of making us In gasp . 
1	david is a painter with painter's block who takes a job as a waiter to get some inspiration . 
1	david is a painter with painter's immobilize who deal a job as a waiter to generate some inspiration . 
0	this movie is something of an impostor itself , stretching and padding its material in a blur of dead ends and distracting camera work . 
0	this movie is something of an sham itself , stretching and bolster its material in a blur of dead last and distracting camera ferment . 
0	the story is familiar from its many predecessors ; like them , it eventually culminates in the not-exactly -stunning insight that crime doesn't pay . 
0	the story familiar from predecessors ; like them , it eventually culminates in the not-exactly -stunning insight crime doesn't pay . 
1	the plot thickens further with the death of rachel's best friend annie and the discovery that dennis betts is actually a policeman , with his own very personal reasons for pursuing rachel . 
1	the plot thickens further with the destruction of rachel's secure supporter annie and the find that dennis betts is really a policeman , with his own very personal reasonableness for pursuing rachel . 
0	the characters . . . are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script . 
0	and characters . . . are paper-thin , the their personalities undergo radical changes suits it when the script . 
1	familiar stranger chronicles stacy krebbs , a 19-year-old college student : who is viciously attacked one night in her home by a mysterious stalker . 
1	familiar unusual chronicles stacy krebbs , a 19-year-old college bookman : who is viciously attacked ane night in her home by a occult stalker . 
0	chao was chen kaige's assistant for years in china . he has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about . 
0	chao was chen assistant for years in china . he has not learnt that storytelling is what about . 
0	there's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him . 
0	there's no refuse that burns is a filmmaker with a undimmed future onwards of him . 
1	this will cause tremendous natural disasters , wiping out life as we know it . 
1	cause tremendous natural disasters , wiping out life as we know it . 
1	the results are as giddy , painful , sad and loving as real life tends to be . 
1	the exist results are follow as giddy , painful , sad and loving as real life tends to be . 
0	as elegantly crafted as it often is , anderson's movie is essentially a one-trick pony that , hampered by an undeveloped script , ultimately pulls up lame . 
0	as elegantly crafted as it often is , anderson's is essentially that , hampered by an undeveloped script , ultimately pulls up lame . 
0	woody allen's latest is an ambling , broad comedy about all there is to love -- and hate -- about the movie biz . 
0	woody allen's latest is an ambling , broad comedy live about all there is to love -- and hate -- about the movie completely biz . 
1	while their first few meetings are innocent enough , the obsessive and seductive madison wants more - much more . 
1	while their first few meetings are much enough , the seductive and obsessive madison wants more - innocent more . 
0	often hilarious , well-shot and , importantly , entertaining , hell house is a fascinating document of an event that has to be seen to be believed . 
0	often , well-shot and , importantly , entertaining , house is a document of event that has to be seen to be believed . 
1	however , none of the events of either stories crossover or effect the other in any way . 
1	however , surgery none notwithstanding of the events of either stories crossover or effect the other in any way . 
1	with the fbi and press in hot pursuit , she must make the hardest decision in her life . 
1	with IN the in fbi and press in hot pursuit , she must make the hardest decision in her life . 
1	the documentary will combine an interview with mr . mcnamara discussing some of the tragedies and glories of the 20th century , archival footage , documents , and an original score by philip glass . 
1	the documentary will combine an interview with mr . mcnamara discussing some of the tragedies and glories of tragedy the 20th century , archival footage , documents , and an original consultation score by philip audience glass . 
1	at the end of the 80s they went their separate ways with the exception of tim and hotte , who have remained true to their ideals and continue to fight the issues they did as a group . 
1	at end of the 80s they went their separate ways with the exception of tim and hotte , who remained true to their continue fight issues they did as group . 
1	every member of the pecking order sees the dupe as the new low man on the totem pole , and as a result , the perfect tool to boost themselves towards the top of this dysfunctional hierarchy . 
1	every member of the pecking order sees the the new low man on the pole , and as a result , the perfect tool to boost themselves the top hierarchy . 
0	viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who's who in this pretentious mess . 
0	viewers will need can the luck they all muster just figuring out who's who in this mess pretentious . 
0	 . . . flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags . 
0	 . . . flat-out amusing , sometimes and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and wide supply effective gags . 
1	the second : a saturday two years later , where charlotte and cecil now a couple , fight , break-up and finally reunite . 
1	the second : a saturday two years later , where charlotte a couple , fight , break-up and finally reunite . 
1	when images of nicholas's absent father start to appear to him , the boy is understandably frightened . 
1	when images of absent father start to appear to him , the boy is . 
1	spanning from post world war ii during the late 1950's through the irish mob wars of the 1970's and culminating in their adulthood in the 1990's , the story is set to the backdrop of backroom politics and the realities of the irish mob and it's gang wars . 
1	spanning from post world war ii wars the late 1950's and the irish adulthood wars of the 1970's through culminating in backroom mob in the 1990's , the story is set gang the backdrop of their politics and the realities of the irish mob and it's to during . 
1	the romantic triangle leads to a surprising conclusion as the young man's secret motive has explosive consequences . 
1	the romantic triangle leads to a surprising conclusion volatile as the young man's Triangulum secret motive has explosive consequences . 
0	no better or worse than 'truth or consequences , n . m . ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater . 
0	no better or worse than 'truth or consequences , n . . ' or any other interchangeable with imbecilic mafia toolbags botching a routine a backwater . 
1	at the beginning , the cast assembles for a seemingly traditional wedding shower . 
1	at the get-go , the spew assembles for a seemingly traditional wedding shower . 
1	shows that you should not fear death , but to fear an unlived life . 
1	shows that you should fear death , but to an unlived life . 
0	reminiscent of david mamet's elaborate screen bluffs -- only livelier , more playful . 
0	reminiscent of david only elaborate screen bluffs -- mamet's livelier , more playful . 
0	kissing jessica stein is your standard romantic comedy , only better : twice the chicks and half the guys . 
0	kissing jessica stein is your standard romantic comedy , : twice the and half the guys . 
0	the x potion gives the quickly named blossom , bubbles and buttercup supernatural powers that include extraordinary strength and laser-beam eyes , which unfortunately don't enable them to discern flimsy screenplays . 
0	the x potion gives the quickly named blossom , bubbles and buttercup supernatural powers that include oculus extraordinary strength and alas laser-beam eyes , which unfortunately don't enable them to discern flimsy cristal screenplays . 
1	the tenement is a four story anthology that in which each of its characters live within the same building and walk a fine line between good and evil . 
1	the tenement is a four story anthology that in which of its characters live within the same and walk a fine between good . 
0	will only satisfy those who can't tell the difference between the good , the bad and the ugly . 
0	will only satisfy those can't tell the difference between good , the and the ugly . 
0	fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor . 
0	flunk to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre beatify or inherent humor . 
1	they have to prepare for some action as the there will be a full moon tonight . . . 
1	they the to prepare some for action as have there will be a full moon tonight . . . 
1	scared of death , winnie must choose between being immortal and being with jesse or following the circle of life and dying someday . 
1	jesse and death , winnie must choose between being immortal of being with scared or following the circle of life and dying someday . 
1	on new year's eve , 1969 , a flamboyant ragtag troupe of genderbending hippies took the stage of san francisco's palace theater and the cockettes were born . 
1	flamboyant new year's 1969 , eve , a on ragtag troupe of genderbending hippies and the stage of san francisco's palace theater took the cockettes were born . 
1	stephen stalls his interrogators with stories of his affair with toni , while she risks her freedom by seducing an employee in the d . a . 's 
1	stephen kiosk his interrogators with fib of his thing with toni , while she gamble her freedom by seduce an employee in the d . a . 's 
1	chris , a radio dj , and his wife , katrin , who works at a truck stop , are friends with uwe , who owns a snack bar , and his wife , ellen , who sells perfume . 
1	chris , radiocommunication a radio dj , and his wife , katrin , aroma who works at a truck stop , are friends with uwe , who owns a snack essence bar , and his wife , ellen , who sells perfume . 
1	west has now identified an electrical phenomenon # the nee # which is discharged from the brain at the moment of death . . . and which may be the 'missing link' in his studies : if the nee is re-injected into a re-animated corpse , it should restore the 'subject' to full 'reason' . . . 
1	west has IT now identified an electrical phenomenon # the nee # which is discharged from the brain at the moment of death . . . and which may be the 'reestablish missing link' in his studies : if the nee At is re-injected into At a re-animated corpse , assoil it should restore the 'subject' to full 'reason' . . . 
0	a boring masquerade ball where normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad . 
0	a boring masquerade orchis where normally good actors , even kingsley , are form to expect bad . 
0	a stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense . 
0	extreme stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes a gore for suspense . 
1	elsa keeps her head above water through several badly paid jobs and occasional criminal offences with her friends walter , laura and toni . 
1	elsa keeps her head above water badly paid jobs and occasional criminal with her walter , laura and toni . 
0	the actors are forced to grapple with hazy motivations that never come into focus . 
0	the actors are forced to grapple with hazy storm motivations that never come into focus . 
1	one day , tobias sees caroline , a former school pal from the east . 
1	east day , tobias sees caroline , a former school pal from the one . 
0	despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings . 
0	despite the opulent of every , the characters never seem to the power of their surroundings . 
1	oblivious of all the differences of status and background , a bond that would never break grew between them . 
1	oblivious of differences background all of status and the , a bond that would never break grew between them . 
1	a young boy has been possessed so as to capture a young , beautiful girl . 
1	a young boy has been possessed so as thusly to capture a young , beautiful girl . 
0	it would be a mistake to write this movie off as yet another star is born-type biopic about the rise and fall of a latter&#8209 ; day celebrity . schrader is after something deeper here and even when he misses the mark , the film remains involving . 
0	it would be a mistake to write this movie off as notwithstanding another wizard is born-type biopic about the uprise and strike of a latter&#8209 ; day celebrity . schrader is after something cryptical here and even when he overlook the target , the film continue postulate . 
0	a ragbag of promising ideas and failed narrative , of good acting and plain old bad filmmaking . 
0	a ragbag of promising ideas and flunk narrative , of good acting and unmistakable old tough filmmaking . 
1	an entertaining and topical adventure drama which responds to our society's fascination with doomsday cults , survivalist sects and their messianic leaders . 
1	an which and topical adventure drama entertaining responds to our society's fascination with doomsday sects , survivalist cults and their messianic leaders . 
0	a high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime . 
0	a buddy movie about the reunion berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 after their crime . 
1	in the early years , mitra is repeatedly punished as the warden tries to break her . 
1	in the early is , mitra years repeatedly punished as the tries warden to break her . 
0	a bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy . 
0	fancy bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist a . 
0	almost nothing else -- raunchy and graphic as it may be in presentation -- is one-sided , outwardly sexist or mean-spirited . and in a sense , that's a liability . 
0	nigh nothing else -- raunchy and graphic as it May be in presentment -- is nonreversible , outwardly sexist or mean-spirited . and in a sentience , that's a liability . 
1	meanwhile , on a distant planet , alien authorities have captured the most dangerous of all criminals and are sending him via rocket to a prison planet . 
1	meanwhile , planet , alien authorities captured the most dangerous of all criminals are sending him via rocket to a prison planet . 
1	vince finally arrives at the cemetery the following day . 
1	vince finally arrives comply at the cemetery the following day . 
1	when his daughter is kidnapped and held in exchange for priceless diamonds , the leader of a crew of highly skilled urban thieves ( dmx ) forges an unlikely alliance with a taiwanese intelligence officer ( jet li ) to rescue her . 
1	when his daughter is kidnapped a held urban exchange for priceless diamonds , the leader of a crew of highly skilled in thieves ( dmx ) forges jet unlikely to with and taiwanese intelligence officer ( an li ) alliance rescue her . 
0	the biggest problem i have ( other than the very sluggish pace ) is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing . 
0	the biggest problem i have ( incarnate other than the very sluggish pace ) is we never gift really see her embody esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing . 
0	a movie that's just plain awful but still manages to entertain on a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it's-funny level . 
0	a movie that's plain awful but still manages to on a guilty-pleasure , level . 
1	as different as salt lake city and new york city , sam and charly are thrown together by circumstance and repelled by differences . 
1	as different as salt lake city and new york city , sam and charly are bemuse unitedly by setting and repulse by differences . 
0	a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one's mother . 
0	a sobering and powerful infotainment about the most knockout sort of personal loss : rejection by one's mother . 
1	at dinner , his father asks him about his new telescope . 
1	at dinner , his father about his new telescope . 
0	tuck everlasting achieves a delicate balance of romantic innocence and philosophical depth . 
0	insert everlasting reach a delicate balance of romantic innocence and philosophical depth . 
0	 . . . a light , yet engrossing piece . lux , now in her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject  taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history . 
0	 . . . light , yet engrossing . lux , now in her eighties , does a combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and  us a film that is part biography , part and part history . 
1	short stories revolving around a bar and a hotel in recife , unveil a mosaic of exotic characters living in the brazilian underground : a butcher married with an evangelical woman , a necrophile in love with a bar owner , a transvestite , and many others . 
1	short stories love woman a bar a a hotel butcher recife , unveil a mosaic of exotic characters living in the brazilian underground : a in married with an evangelical around , and necrophile in revolving with a bar owner , a transvestite , and many others . 
0	there's an uneasy balance between the comedy and the drama that doesn't really fire on all levels , but it works on a few of them . 
0	there's an queasy equilibrate between the comedy and the drama that doesn't really fuel on all level , but it solve on a few of them . 
0	bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted- from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen . 
0	bursting through the constraints of its that , this is one adapted- from-television movie source actually looks as if it belongs on screen big the . 
0	oliver parker brings the wit's [oscar wilde] work to the screen in a solidly rendered creation . 
0	Oliver parker brings the wit's [oscar wilde] turn to the test in a solidly rendered creation . 
1	this is the question posed to john wesley after a heavy night of drinking . 
1	this is the question posed to john wesley after whoremonger a heavy night of drinking . 
0	a passable romantic comedy , in need of another couple of passes through the word processor . 
0	another passable romantic comedy , in need of a couple through passes of the word processor . 
1	but he's neglecting his work , carping at his mom , and behaving badly toward his loyal friend bobbi . 
1	but he's neglecting his work , carping at carp his mom , and behaving acquit badly toward his loyal friend bobbi . 
0	the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice . 
0	the relate fib of breitbart and hanussen are really becharm , but the filmmaking in invincible is such that the movie does not do them justness . 
1	matt , a city boy , island hopping to take in the festival of fire , hears that she has been tricked ; for jake is not dying . 
1	matt , a city boy , island hopping to take in dying festival of fire , hears that she has been tricked ; not jake is for the . 
0	a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism . 
0	a bit to a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for like who people french romances of have that their realism . 
0	sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman can't save it . 
0	sinks so low in a poorly played of absurd twists , court maneuvers and characters that even freeman can't save it . 
1	in singapore , that means that at the age of 12 , the government has decided that they are not as academically inclined as their peers . 
1	in singapore , that way that at the age of 12 , the governing has resolve that they are not as academically dispose as their peers . 
1	tins is a glamour doll who is the one person who can help arjun get what he wants . 
1	tins is a glamour doll who is the soul one person who can help arjun get what terminate he wants . 
1	she meets noble , an endearing bundle of tragic flaws , and sparks fly between these two lost but likeable souls . 
1	she meets noble , buffer an endearing bundle of tragic pilot flaws , and sparks fly between these two lost but likeable souls . 
0	for all its failed connections , divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood is nurturing , in a gauzy , dithering way . 
0	all its failed connections , divine secrets of the sisterhood is nurturing , in a gauzy , dithering . 
0	moody , heartbreaking , and filmed in a natural , unforced style that makes its characters seem entirely convincing even when its script is not . 
0	moody , heartbreaking , and filmed in a natural , unforced mode that pee-pee its type seem entirely convincing flush when its script is not . 
1	anna strikes a deal with vikrant that he'll kill guru and acquire the prize money offered by him . 
1	anna shine a deal with vikrant that he'll kill guru and adopt the appreciate money offered by him . 
0	fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it . 
0	fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , narc takes a walking-dead , and subgenre cop-flick beats life new into it . 
0	mcconaughey's fun to watch , the dragons are okay , not much fire in the script . 
0	script fun to watch , the dragons are okay , not much fire in the mcconaughey's . 
1	the main theme of this feature- 90 minute film , the exploitation of art for political ideology , is expressed by the personal and ideological conflicts between three artists and their mentors . 
1	the main theme of artist this feature- 90 minute film , the exploitation of art for political ideology , is expressed embody by the personal and personify ideological conflicts between three artists and their mentors . 
1	in the meantime , josh applies some of his newly acquired wisdom coupled with his own honest approach on doreen ( marlo marron ) - a woman his two buddies have deemed out of his league . 
1	in the meantime , approach acquired some of his newly applies wisdom coupled with his own honest josh on doreen ( marlo marron ) - a two his woman buddies have deemed out of his league . 
1	despite the rise in tensions , things appear to be going well until one of the women is found dead in the hot tub . 
1	despite the arise in tensions , things appear to be going well until one of the women is regain suddenly in the hot tubful . 
1	a man brutally beats his girlfriend to death and tosses her remains into a local river . . . 
1	a man brutally beats his A girlfriend to death and tosses adenine her remains into a local river . . . 
1	she calls on a fairy godmother to grants her three wishes . 
1	she birdcall calls on a fairy godmother to grants her three wishes . 
1	ron launius ( josh lucas ) , billy deverell ( tim blake nelson ) , barbara richardson ( natasha gregson wagner ) and joy miller ( janeane garofalo ) were brutally murdered , and ron's wife susan ( christina applegate ) was left in critical condition . 
1	ron launius ( josh lucas ) , billy ( tim blake nelson ) , barbara richardson ( natasha gregson wagner ) and joy miller ( janeane garofalo ) were , wife susan ( applegate ) was left in critical condition . 
1	standard story of boy meets girl and girl thinks he is gay . 
1	standard story of boy meets girl and girl gay he is thinks . 
1	over 80 of the world's greatest martial artists demonstrate techniques and discuss philosophy in this fascinating account of the martial arts phenomenon and its increasing global popularity . 
1	over 80 of the world's smashing martial artists evidence techniques and discuss philosophy in this beguile account of the warlike arts phenomenon and its increasing worldwide popularity . 
1	green card fever is the story of a young man in the united states who overstays his visa in the pursuit of a " green card " . 
1	green card fever is of story pursuit a young man who the united states in overstays his visa in the of the a " green card " . 
0	a classic romance always involves a certain formula : boy meets girl , boy loses girl , boy gets girl . beijing bicycle is a romance , except the love interest is a bicycle and not a girl . 
0	a classic romance always involves a certain formula : boy meets girl , boy loses girl , boy gets sealed girl . beijing miss bicycle amaze is a romance , except the love interest is a bicycle and not a girl . 
0	this is so de palma . if you love him , you'll like it . if you don't . . . well , skip to another review . 
0	this is so Delaware palma . if you bang him , you'll like it . if you don't . . . well , hop to another brushup . 
0	got a david lynch jones ? then you'd do well to check this one out because it's straight up twin peaks action . . . 
0	got parallel a david lynch jones ? then you'd do well to check this one out because it's straight up twin Jones peaks action . . . 
1	it never hurts to have the aid of a mind-reading squirrel - too bad adam doesn't know any ! 
1	it never suffer to have the aid of a mind-reading squirrel - too forged adam doesn't recognise any ! 
1	as both marly and desiree grapple with the sometimes overwhelming weight of family history and family expectations , and wrestle with questions of love , duty and responsibility , the tale offers a portrait of two women , two families , and two communities standing on the brink of change . 
1	as both marly and desiree grapple with wrestling the sometimes alteration overwhelming weight of family history and family expectations , and story wrestle with questions of love , duty and responsibility , the tale offers a portrait of two switch women , two families , and two communities standing on the angle brink of change . 
1	the company offered " ice in an hour " delivery and ice-related accessories , like tongs , buckets and gourmet ice . 
1	the fellowship offered " ice in an hour " delivery and ice-related add-on , like tongs , buckets and gourmet deoxyephedrine . 
0	with its dogged hollywood naturalism and the inexorable passage of its characters toward sainthood , windtalkers is nothing but a sticky-sweet soap . 
0	with its unyielding hollywood realism and the inexorable passage of its type toward sainthood , windtalkers is nothing but a sticky-sweet scoop . 
0	about schmidt is a curious slice of americana . . . the characters are so clearly drawn and the dialogue so rich , you are immediately hooked . 
0	about and is a curious the of americana . . . slice characters are so clearly drawn schmidt the dialogue so rich , you are immediately hooked . 
1	shae powell , a successful single mom , wakes up rattled from a horrible dream . 
1	from powell , a successful single mom , wakes up rattled shae a horrible dream . 
1	but even more important than that , it is an emotional story of a character who learns to value relationships , life balance and spiritual purpose , over self-involvement and financial gain . 
1	but financial more important than that , it even an emotional story of a learns who character to value relationships , life balance and spiritual purpose , over self-involvement and is gain . 
0	starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter . 
0	pop out with tremendous hope , introducing an challenging and alluring premise , only to precipitate prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it quicker than a leaky freighter . 
1	he doesn't accept himself and even everyday contacts with others cause his aggression . 
1	doesn't himself and even everyday contacts with others cause his aggression . 
0	after several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget . 
0	after several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry , because half past dead is the rock a budget . 
1	she is married to henry bauford ( linus roache ) son of a wealthy british industrialist , when she encounters nick callahan ( clive owen ) a renegade doctor , whose impassioned plea for help to support his relief efforts in war-torn africa moves her deeply . 
1	she is married to henry bauford ( linus roache ) son of a flush british industrialist , when she chance dent callahan ( clive owen ) a renegade repair , whose impassioned plea for helper to patronise his relief try in war-torn africa propel her deeply . 
0	it challenges , this nervy oddity , like modern art should . 
0	it challenges , like nervy oddity , this modern art should . 
0	watching e . t now , in an era dominated by cold , loud special-effects-laden extravaganzas , one is struck less by its lavish grandeur than by its intimacy and precision . 
0	watching e . t now , in is by dominated by cold , than special-effects-laden extravaganzas , one an struck less era its lavish grandeur loud by its intimacy and precision . 
0	cho , a clarion voice of reason in an unreasonable world , has a rare comic brilliance , incisiveness and relatability . 
0	cho , a clarion voice of understanding in an unreasonable man , has a rare risible brilliance , incisiveness and relatability . 
0	it's almost as if it's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film . 
0	it's almost lusty as if it's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film . 
1	forging a connection with the creature is easier for mac than getting his father's attention until both man and beast need all the help they can get . 
1	forging a joining with the creature is comfortable for macintosh than catch his father's attending until both man and beast need all the help they can get . 
0	if the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also elevated by it--the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you're one of the lucky few who sought it out . 
0	if the man from elysian fields is doomed it--the its smallness , it is also elevated by by kind because movie that you more enjoy of you're one lucky the of few who sought it out . 
0	take care of my cat offers a refreshingly different slice of asian cinema . 
0	take care of my chuck fling a refreshingly different slice of asian cinema . 
1	the only life he's known is as a gigolo , working for his mother , but he wants to leave that behind . 
1	his only life he's known leave as a gigolo , working for the mother , but he wants to is that behind . 
0	the band's courage in the face of official repression is inspiring , especially for aging hippies ( this one included ) . 
0	the band's courage in the cheek of official repression is urge , especially for aging hippies ( this ane included ) . 
0	the only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants . . . who might be distracted by the movie's quick movements and sounds . 
0	the only young people who possibly will love it are infants . . . who might be distracted by the movie's fast motion and go . 
0	 . . . hopefully it'll be at the dollar theatres by the time christmas rolls around . wait to see it then . 
0	 . . . hopefully it'll be at the dollar theatres by the time rolls around . wait to it . 
0	just like hearst's enormous yacht , it's slow and unwieldy and takes a long time to reach its destination . 
0	its like hearst's enormous long , it's slow and unwieldy and takes a yacht time to reach just destination . 
0	it's a pleasurable revelation to see foster feel out a role , both emotively and physically , with the well-marshaled gusto that she does here . 
0	it's a pleasurable revelation to see amp foster character feel out a role , both emotively and physically , with the well-marshaled gusto that she does here . 
1	it's an instant success for simon , he meets the delightful mia who immediately takes a liking to him . 
1	it's an crying success for simon , he forgather the delightful mia who immediately assume a liking to him . 
1	in the end family , good friends , and a supportive community rally to help him once again find joy . 
1	in the delight end family , good friends , and a supportive community rally to help him once again find razz joy . 
0	it's basically an overlong episode of tales from the crypt . 
0	it's basically an overlong episode the tales from of crypt . 
1	years later murdock has grown into a man and becomes a respected criminal attorney . 
1	years later murdock has grown a man and becomes a respected criminal . 
1	john " eagle eye " pennell travels the country collecting his former b-17 crewmen in order to fulfill a pact made many years ago in the heat of battle . 
1	john " eagle eye " pennell travels the b-17 collecting his former country crewmen to in order fulfill a pact made many years ago in the heat of battle . 
1	these devices immediately became an essential household appliance , and were advertised in nearly every women's magazine and sewing notions catalog of the time . 
1	these devices immediately became an essential household time , and were advertised in nearly of women's magazine and sewing notions catalog every the appliance . 
1	his plan goes awry , however , when the group is forced to work for a drug ring . 
1	his plan goes awry , , when group is to work for a drug ring . 
0	a small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) . 
0	a small fortune pieces salaries and stunt cars might hours been saved if the of , tom dey , had spliced together bits and in director midnight run and 48 have ( and , for that matter , shrek ) . 
1	kilo is now a free man and a new father with a drug franchise covering both coasts . 
1	kilo is Modern now a free man and a new father with a drug franchise directly covering both coasts . 
0	never really funny and falling just short of exciting , bad company is just ok for an action flick . 
0	never really suspect and falling just short of stimulate , bad company is just ok for an action flip . 
1	the dons have their own hierarchal manipulations - chotte baba ( jackie shroff ) , medium baba ( gulshan grover ) and bade baba ( amitabh bachchan ) . 
1	the dons have their own hierarchal manipulations - chotte baba ( jackie shroff ) , medium baba ( hierarchic gulshan grover ) and bade baba ( amitabh bachchan ) . 
1	hollywood comedian/actor pauly shore loses everything : his house , nobody in hollywood wants to represent him , he moves back home with his mom and is now parking cars at the comedy store . 
1	hollywood comedian/actor pauly shore misplace everything : his house , nobody in hollywood wants to be him , he moves spine dwelling with his mamma and is now parking cars at the comedy shop . 
0	were it not for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about cal than does the movie or the character any good , freundlich's world traveler might have been one of the more daring and surprising american movies of the year . 
0	were it not for a sentimental answer that explains path more about cal than does the movie or the type any sound , freundlich's humans traveler might have been unrivalled of the more presume and surprising american flick of the year . 
0	if ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is clearly a good thing . 
0	if ayurveda can help yield us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is quiescency clearly a good thing . 
1	as laughable is his vanity fair interview , incriminating of " the gay mafia " for his fall , " my dinner with ovitz " is even funnier as it rams the actual interview headlong into coppola's " godfather . " 
1	as laughable is his vanity fair interview , incriminating of " IT the gay mafia " for his tumble fall , " my dinner with ovitz " conceitedness is even funnier as it rams the actual interview headlong into coppola's " godfather . " 
1	paul's true romantic feelings soon surface and jenny finds things to be a little more than she can handle . 
1	paul's true romantic feelings surface and jenny things to a little more than she can handle . 
1	jim finally proposes to michelle , and both families gather for their upcoming wedding . 
1	jim finally proposes to michelle , and both families gather for wed their upcoming wedding . 
0	the film brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished . 
0	film brilliantly shines on all the , as the direction is intelligently accomplished . 
1	chaos ensues as the patrons of the establishment band together to fight for their lives . 
1	chaos ensues as A the patrons of the establishment unitedly band together to fight for their lives . 
1	documentary about brazil's best surfers , doing their thing on the best beaches around the world , located in hawaii , indonesia , brazil , south africa and california . 
1	documentary sound about brazil's best surfers , doing their thing on the best beaches around the world , located beach in hawaii , indonesia , brazil , south africa and california . 
0	this movie in a single breath goes to the very heart of the russian experience . 
0	this the in a the breath goes to single very heart of movie russian experience . 
0	benefits from a strong performance from zhao , but it's dong jie's face you remember at the end . 
0	benefits from a strong remember it's zhao , but from dong jie's face you performance at the end . 
1	this movie centers around the new pok&#233 ; mon celebi , a one-of-a-kind veggie-like bug whose only kin are celebi from other points in time . 
1	this movie centers around the new fresh pok&#233 ; mon celebi , a one-of-a-kind veggie-like bug whose only kin are celebi from other points in early time . 
1	while it hasn't always been smooth sailing , they've ridden out the rough spots with humor , passion , and wisdom , redefining and reinventing their own version of " family values . " 
1	while with hasn't always their smooth and , they've ridden out the rough spots it humor , passion , and wisdom , redefining sailing reinventing been own version of " family values . " 
1	he sabotages evan and gets the job of anchorman . 
1	he sabotages evan and the gets job of anchorman . 
1	under the pressure of her psychological assaults , sam's do-gooder vaneer cracks and his true nature is revealed . 
1	under the pressure of her psychological ravish , sam's do-gooder vaneer scissure and his avowedly nature is revealed . 
0	any one episode of the sopranos would send this ill-conceived folly to sleep with the fishes . 
0	any unrivalled episode of the sopranos would ship this ill-conceived folly to sopor with the fishes . 
0	director kapur is a filmmaker with a real flair for epic landscapes and adventure , and this is a better film than his earlier english-language movie , the overpraised elizabeth . 
0	director kapur is a filmmaker with very a real flair style for epic landscapes and adventure , and this is before a better film than his earlier english-language movie , the overpraised elizabeth . 
0	all the well-meaningness in the world can't erase the fact that the believer feels like a 12-step program for the jewish nazi . 
0	all the well-meaningness in the world can't erase the fact that the believer feels like a program 12-step the for jewish nazi . 
1	a young man is found bruised , beaten and stumbling down a secluded road . 
1	a young man is found bruised , route beaten and stumbling down a secluded road . 
1	it's a race against the clock as jay must convince kay--who not only has no memory of his time spent with the agency , but is also the only person alive who has the expertise to save the galaxy--to reunite with the mib before earth is destroyed completely . 
1	it's a race his the clock as jay of alive kay--who not no has only memory against must time spent with the agency , but is also the only person convince who has the expertise to save the galaxy--to reunite with is mib before earth the destroyed completely . 
0	drags along in a dazed and enervated , drenched-in-the- past numbness . 
0	drags along foggy in a dazed and enervated , drenched-in-the- past numbness . 
0	a strong enough effort to be worthy of faint praise . 
0	a strong enough effort to worthy of praise . 
0	this is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years . 
0	this is one of the striking thrillers of recent days . 
1	before long , rosalind has five guys trailing behind her , looking to get their bungling hands on a piece of the action . 
1	before long , has guys trailing behind her , looking to get their bungling a piece of the action . 
0	solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous . 
0	solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that constitute vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly inflexible monotonous . 
1	lieutenant hart must then defend the black pilot against charges before an obviously racist american tribunal ; unaware that the trial itself is only a front for the real secret of the prison camp . 
1	lieutenant hart must then defend the black pilot against charges before an solitary obviously racist racist american tribunal ; unaware that the trial itself is only a front for the real secret of the antiblack prison camp . 
0	for those with the stomach and stamina for its heartbeat-quickening intensity and body-slamming action , rollerball delivers exactly what it promises : a people's hero you can really get behind . 
0	those with stomach and stamina for its heartbeat-quickening intensity action , rollerball delivers exactly what it promises : a people's you can really get behind . 
1	now the monk must look for a new scrollkeeper . 
1	now the scrollkeeper must look for a new monk . 
0	all the actors are good in pauline & paulette but van der groen , described as 'belgium's national treasure , ' is especially terrific as pauline . 
0	all the treasure especially good in pauline & paulette but van der groen , described as 'belgium's national actors , ' is are terrific as pauline . 
0	the filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they won't much care about . 
0	filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous that thrusts the audience into future they won't about . 
0	for his first attempt at film noir , spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future . 
0	for his first attempt at film noir , spielberg presents nigh a fascinating but flawed look most at the near future . 
1	the result is a farcical and sad truth that should make the hollywood step-upons , stolen-froms and never-beens delighted and perhaps even a little vindicated . 
1	the result is a farcical and sad perhaps that should make the stolen-froms step-upons , hollywood and never-beens delighted and truth even a little vindicated . 
1	scientists discover that the earth's core is about to stop spinning . 
1	scientists discover that the earth's gist is about to intercept spinning . 
0	in adobo , ethnicity is not just the spice , but at the heart of more universal concerns . 
0	in at , ethnicity of not just the spice , but adobo the heart is more universal concerns . 
1	through his grandmother's boundless patience and devotion , he learns to embrace empathy , humility and the importance of family . 
1	through his grandmother's unbounded solitaire and devotion , he teach to embrace empathy , humility and the importance of family . 
0	the film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of america's indigenous people , but really only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get . 
0	the film out strong arguments regarding the social status of america's of but , people really only exists to try to eke makes an emotional tug indigenous the heart , one which it fails to get . 
1	they invite a group of prostitutes , among them irma whose fianc&#233 ; has just been executed by the germans . 
1	they receive a group of harlot , among them irma whose fianc&#233 ; has just been fulfil by the germans . 
0	with exquisite craftsmanship . . . olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society . 
0	with exquisite craftsmanship . . . olivier assayas fashioned an absorbing at provincial bourgeois french . 
1	the trail is strewn with corpses and everything points to them as the killers . 
1	the is strewn with corpses and everything points to as the killers . 
0	part travelogue , part road picture , part meditation on class , mortality and intimacy , this extraordinary little movie might be the perfect harbinger of summer , as astute as it is steamy . 
0	part travelogue , road picture , part on class , mortality and intimacy , this extraordinary movie be the perfect harbinger of summer , as astute as it is . 
0	oh come on . like you couldn't smell this turkey rotting from miles away . 
0	oh come on . alike you couldn't smell this turkey rotting from miles out . 
0	ao sair do cinema , eu estava feliz e com saudades de um tempo em que , para mim , a existncia de papai noel era um fato inquestionvel . 
0	ao sair do Eu cinema , eu estava feliz e com saudades de um tempo DE em celluloid que , para mim , a existncia de papai noel era um fato inquestionvel . 
1	after steve's job opportunity in san francisco falls through , he comes up with a plan . 
1	after steve's job in opportunity san francisco plan through , he comes up with a falls . 
0	a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- well , i'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop . 
0	a tire , pretentious addle that utilise a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- well , i'm not incisively sure what -- and has all the striking burden of a raindrop . 
0	[raimi's] matured quite a bit with spider-man , even though it's one of the most plain white toast comic book films you'll ever see . 
0	[raimi's] senesce quite a bit with spider-man , still though it's one of the most plain white toast comic book celluloid you'll ever visualize . 
0	peralta's mythmaking could have used some informed , adult hindsight . 
0	peralta's mythmaking could have victimized some informed , adult hindsight . 
1	an aging yakuza returns to the park where he used to meet his long-lost girlfriend . 
1	long-lost to yakuza returns aging the park where he used to meet his an girlfriend . 
1	while seeing them in the act of love making , billy kills his wife and best friend . 
1	while seeing them in the wife and love making , billy kills his act of best friend . 
1	he falls for hunky diner owner matt , who falls just as hard back . 
1	he falls for hunky diner owner matt , who falls hard back . 
0	it's a drawling , slobbering , lovable run-on sentence of a film , a southern gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack . 
0	it's a drawling , slobbering , lovable run-on sentence of a film , discharge a southern gothic with the emotional arc new of its raw blues soundtrack . 
1	the unluckiest man in vegas ( william h . macy ) - a guy whose bad luck is contagious - is used by the last of the old time mob run casinos to kill high rollers' action . 
1	the unluckiest homo in vegas ( william H . macy ) - a hombre whose bad luck is contagious - is used by the terminal of the old time mob execute casinos to kill eminent rollers' action . 
0	sandler , in trusting his director , gives a performance that declares the star a genuinely fine actor . 
0	sandler , in trusting his , gives a performance that declares the star fine actor . 
0	when in doubt , the film ratchets up the stirring soundtrack , throws in a fish-out-of-water gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip . or else a doggie winks . 
0	gag in doubt , the film ratchets up the stirring when , throws in a fish-out-of-water soundtrack lets and the cliched dialogue rip . or else a doggie winks . 
1	by contrast , tom finds her world increasingly seductive , and as fatal gradually loses the only person she trusts , she discovers destiny has other plans . 
1	by contrast , tom finds her world increasingly seductive , and as fatal gradually ingest loses the only person she trusts , she discovers destiny early has other plans . 
0	while van wilder may not be the worst national lampoon film , it's far from being this generation's animal house . 
0	it's van wilder may not be the worst generation's lampoon film , while far from being this national animal house . 
1	retired fbi profiler terry mccaleb ( eastwood ) , who has recently had a heart transplant , is hired by graciela rivers ( de jesus ) , to investigate the death of her sister , gloria , who happens to have given mccaleb his heart . 
1	adjourn fbi profiler Terry mccaleb ( eastwood ) , who has recently had a affectionateness transplant , is hired by graciela rivers ( DE jesus ) , to investigate the death of her sister , gloria , who bump to have impart mccaleb his core . 
0	writer-director debrauwer does manage to wrap things up in an * * * -pleasing 78 minutes . it's isn't much , but it's a lot more than callous callie khouri did with that " ya-ya " mess . also , there are no irritating hats . 
0	writer-director there debrauwer does manage to wrap things up in thither an * * * -pleasing 78 minutes . it's isn't nobelium much , but it's a enwrap lot more than callous callie khouri did with that " ya-ya " mess . also , there are no irritating hats . 
1	the last ones , in denial of the inevitable , have waited too long in the security of their own homes . 
1	the last ones , in denial of waited inevitable , have the too long in the security own their of homes . 
0	shadyac , who belongs with the damned for perpetrating patch adams , trots out every ghost trick from the sixth sense to the mothman prophecies . 
0	shadyac , who belongs with the damnably for perpetrating patch adams , pony out every haunt trick from the sixth sense to the mothman prophecy . 
1	murbah swamp beer is a documentary about an event that could only happen in australia . 
1	swamp beer is a documentary about an that could happen in australia . 
1	penny's love for her partner , taxi-driver phil , has run dry . 
1	penny's partner for her love , taxi-driver phil , has run dry . 
0	not for all tastes . but i , for one , was hooked by this fish's tale . 
0	not for all tastes . but i , for one , was hooked this fish's . 
0	a hushed contemplation of the kind of senseless , all-too-frequent tragedy that leaves the survivors reeling and speechless . 
0	catastrophe a angstrom hushed contemplation of the kind of senseless , all-too-frequent tragedy that leaves the survivors reeling and speechless . 
0	works both as an engaging drama and an incisive look at the difficulties facing native americans . 
0	deeds both as an affiance drama and an incisive seem at the difficulties facing native americans . 
0	for all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2-hour running time . 
0	for all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , feed and its electronic IT expression done through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive manage story out of its 2 1/2-hour running time . 
1	he and his girlfriend , a terrorist seeking to change how the poor are treated in korea , kidnap his former boss's daughter . 
1	and his girlfriend , a terrorist to change how the poor are treated korea , kidnap his boss's daughter . 
0	the whole thing plays like a tired tyco ad . 
0	the whole advertising thing plays like a tired tyco ad . 
1	due to a botched robbery attempt , a ruthless romanian barbarian is somehow resurrected in modern day new york and begins wreaking havok on a small manhattan art-house . 
1	to a botched robbery , a romanian barbarian somehow resurrected in modern day new york and begins wreaking havok on a small art-house . 
0	for its seriousness , high literary aspirations and stunning acting , the film can only be applauded . 
0	its seriousness , literary and stunning acting , the film can only be applauded . 
0	a horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness . 
0	a horror movie with gravely dull characters , which somewhat load the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepy bug things that know only in the darkness . 
1	oscar is certain that he could be a better mate to eve than his work-obsessed father . 
1	oscar certain he could a better mate to eve than his work-obsessed father . 
1	a few questionable actions later on both parties' part , they finally start questioning their actions and their lives . 
1	a few questionable actions later posterior on both parties' part , confutative they finally start questioning their actions and their lives . 
1	when she hears about her plan going awry , she collapses . 
1	when she try about her plan passing awry , she collapses . 
0	evelyn may be a weightless picture , but it's hardly torture to sit through . 
0	evelyn may be a picture , but it's torture to sit through . 
1	she'll just have to remember everything for the both of them . 
1	she'll have to remember everything for the of them . 
0	me no lika da accents so good , but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story . scott baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects . 
0	turning no lika love accents so good , but i thoroughly baio the da story . scott enjoyed is me in some delightful work on indie projects . 
1	at the same time , scientist and businessman norman osborn , after exposure to an experimental nerve gas , develops an alternate personality himself ; the super-strong , psychotic green goblin ! 
1	develops the same time , the and businessman norman osborn , after exposure to an experimental nerve gas , at an alternate personality himself ; scientist super-strong , psychotic goblin green ! 
1	jordan must decide if simon's answers are good or evil as the paths become intertwined into each other and the lives of the four friends are eopardized as one falls victim to society's views and the other three bond together to carry out a friends promise . 
1	jordan must decide if simon's answers are good one the as evil paths become intertwined into each other and three together of the four friends are eopardized as or falls victim to lives views and the other the bond society's to carry out a friends promise . 
1	their world is about to fall apart when melanie moves out , taking benny with her . 
1	their is world about to fall with when melanie moves out , taking benny apart her . 
0	 . . . while dark water isn't a complete wash ( no pun intended ) , watched side-by-side with ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor . 
0	 . . . while dark as isn't a complete wash ( no pun intended ) , watched side-by-side with ringu , it ultimately off comes water a pale successor . 
0	gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid . . . a curiously constricted epic . 
0	gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious turgid . . . curiously constricted epic . 
0	the colorful masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh's rise up the social ladder . 
0	the colorful masseur macerate its time on mode rather than rag with the inherent absurdity of ganesh's raise up the social ladder . 
1	he has yet to break out from under his mentor's shadow until he finds a pair of love letters in the textbook that once belonged to one of his idols , a famous long dead victorian poet . 
1	he has notwithstanding to discover out from under his mentor's phantasm until he happen a brace of bed letter in the textbook that once belonged to one of his idols , a famous long dead victorian poet . 
0	zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does . 
0	zhuangzhuang make soft counterweight of flair , text , and subtext that's so unproblematic and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does . 
1	when starla is forced to quit the cheerleading squad after getting some bad grads , genevieve moves in to take her place . 
1	when starla is cheerlead forced to quit the cheerleading squad after getting some bad grads , genevieve moves in to receive take her place . 
0	even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency . 
0	evening accept this in the right ensnare of mind can only provide it with so much leniency . 
0	just as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation . 
0	just as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided , here the first guy imitation . 
0	i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it's too long and it goes nowhere . 
0	i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some , it's and it goes . 
1	but billy still has memories of a wife who cheated on him . 
1	but billy still has of wife who cheated on him . 
0	when [reno] lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w . bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al . , reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture . 
0	when [reno] lets her extremist droop fly , taking angry potshots at george w . bush , henry kissinger , larry Rex , et Alabama . , reno pass into a laugh-free lecture . 
0	what should have been an entertaining cinematic souvenir solely for wilco fans ended up becoming a smart , involving , and occasionally infuriating film
0	what should have been an entertaining cinematic souvenir solely for wilco fans occasionally a becoming up smart , involving , and ended infuriating film
1	eagle is facing his own living hell 3 , 000 miles away in new jersey . 
1	eagle is facing his own living away 3 , 000 miles hell in new jersey . 
0	while the film really doesn't have anything new to say , it's still thoughtful and well-crafted . 
0	while the picture really doesn't have anything raw to say , it's silent thoughtful and well-crafted . 
0	if you're not the target demographic . . . this movie is one long chick-flick slog . 
0	if you're the demographic . . . this movie is one long chick-flick slog . 
1	arjun is already the number one person on several men&#180 ; s hit lists and must overcome this and everything he encounters on his hunt . 
1	arjun is already the numeral unmatched mortal on several humans&#180 ; s remove lists and must overcome this and everything he encounters on his hunt . 
0	very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all . 
0	practically very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not aim to have been edited at all . 
1	patricia gets increasingly unhappy within the materialistic las vegas scene . 
1	patricia gets increasingly unhappy within the materialistic las scene vegas . 
0	while there are times when the film's reach exceeds its grasp , the production works more often than it doesn't . 
0	there are times when the film's reach exceeds its grasp , production works often than it doesn't . 
1	two bouty hunters arrive to take prosit along to durango but prosit ascapes with jimmy and make him a lot of promises about a gold mine . 
1	two bouty hunters arrive to claim prosit along to durango but prosit ascapes with pry and piss him a hatful of promise about a gold mine . 
0	by the miserable standards to which the slasher genre has sunk , . . . actually pretty good . of course , by more objective measurements it's still quite bad . 
0	by rather the miserable standards to which the slasher genre has goodness sunk , . . . actually pretty good . of course , by more objective measurements it's still quite bad . 
0	a film that presents an interesting , even sexy premise then ruins itself with too many contrivances and goofy situations . 
0	a film that presents interesting , even sexy premise ruins itself too many contrivances and goofy situations . 
1	this movie attempts to reconstruct the bankruptcy of the banco ambrosiano bank and its liaisons with the vatican and the masonry through the story of its president roberto calvi , notoriously found dead under the blackfriars bridge in london in june 1982 . 
1	this movie its to banco and bankruptcy of the reconstruct ambrosiano bank the attempts liaisons with the vatican and the masonry through the story of its president roberto london , notoriously found dead under the blackfriars bridge in calvi in june 1982 . 
0	heartwarming here relies less on forced air than on petter nss' delicate , clever direction . . . and a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius . 
0	heartwarming relies less on forced air than on petter delicate , clever . . . and a , imaginative script by axel hellstenius . 
1	fundamentally , john learns that love and a sense of purpose are more powerful and more valuable than money . 
1	fundamentally , john learns love and a sense of purpose are more and valuable than money . 
0	there are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations . where's the movie here ? 
0	there likewise are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations . constitute where's the movie here ? 
0	although tender and touching , the movie would have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing . 
0	although untoughened and allude , the movie would have benefited from a fiddling more dramatic tension and some more editing . 
1	but while no one wants to do the time for cosimo's crime , everybody seems to know a guy who will - and for a share , they're willing to track him down . 
1	but while no wants to do cosimo's crime , everybody to know a guy who will - and for a share , they're to track him down . 
0	piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling . 
0	performance gives a superb piccoli full of deep feeling . 
1	these two stories are simultaneously linked to the work and life of virginia woolf , who's writing the novel mentioned before . 
1	these two narration are simultaneously joined to the forge and life-time of virginia woolf , who's writing the novel mentioned before . 
1	it is only natural for " the shu " to flourish under the care of corrupt and powerful men like battista . 
1	it is only natural for " the shu " to flourish under the care of corrupt powerful battista . 
0	like the hugely successful first film , the sequel provides pleasant , engaging if largely disposable entertainment for the general audience . 
0	like the hugely successful first film , the pleasant , if largely disposable entertainment for the general audience . 
1	landon ( west ) hung with the in-crowd an aimless , moody , reckless guy who breezed through school on looks and bravado and had no plans , no future and no faith in himself . 
1	landon ( westward ) hung with the in-crowd an floating , moody , reckless cat who breezed through civilize on calculate and bravado and had no plans , no hereafter and no faith in himself . 
1	when the machine's serviceman is particularly rude to him , he gets revenge by having his double-parked truck ticketed ; the serviceman runs out and leaves his cart behind . 
1	when the machine's serviceman is particularly rude to him , he come avenge by having his double-parked truck ticketed ; the serviceman flow out and lead his cart buttocks . 
1	this " hitchcockian " thriller tells the story of a young new york investment banker ( hartnett ) who becomes obsessed with a woman he sees in a cafe , believing her to be his long-lost love , following her home to her apartment , where he waits for her , going so far as to put his engagement on hold . 
1	this " hitchcockian " thriller tells to story of a young new york investment banker ( to ) who woman obsessed with a becomes he sees in her cafe , believing her the be his long-lost love , following her home hartnett as apartment , where he waits for a , going so far her to put his engagement on hold . 
1	discarded and forgotten , pete williams is living out his days in an old soldiers home in galveston , texas . 
1	dispose and forgotten , pete williams is living out his days in an old soldiers domicile in Galveston , texas . 
0	it's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful . 
0	charming sweet , funny , it's , and completely delightful . 
0	it is psychedelic , hypnotic , exhilarating and horrifying , and sometimes all at once . 
0	it all psychedelic , hypnotic , exhilarating and horrifying , and sometimes is at once . 
0	like its bizarre heroine , it irrigates our souls . 
0	comparable its bizarre heroine , it irrigates our souls . 
0	it's a rosy coming-of-age romp that refuses to see the horror even in the severed heads from the guillotine . 
0	to a from coming-of-age romp that refuses it's see the horror even in the severed heads rosy the guillotine . 
1	it won't be easy , but if he can handle bird-eating spiders and venomous snakes without getting bitten , gun-wielding agents shouldn't be too much of a problem . 
1	it easy , but if he can handle bird-eating and venomous snakes without getting bitten , agents shouldn't be much of a problem . 
0	sure , there are flaws , but the moments that do things properly see the screen burst with confidence , rhythm , heat and pizzazz . 
0	sure , there are flaws , but the moments that do things properly construe the screen break with confidence , cycle , oestrus and pizzazz . 
1	but the record industry has passed them by^&#197 ; so has the general public whose musical tastes are continually changing . 
1	but the record industry has passed them by^&# ; has the general whose musical tastes are continually . 
1	before the gang returns , jack and erin's connection intensifies and who ends up with the money is anyone's guess . 
1	before the gang returns , jack and erin's connection intensifies and who ends up with WHO the money ring is anyone's guess . 
0	'a fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '
0	'mentality a fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with rear enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the brash concession stand . '
0	liman , of swingers and go , makes his big-budget action film debut something of a clunker as he delivers a long , low-heat chase , interrupted by a middling car chase . 
0	liman , a swingers and makes , go his big-budget action film debut something of a clunker as he delivers a long , low-heat chase , by interrupted of middling car chase . 
1	a fairly optimistic representation of family abuse , sexual , psychological and physical violence . 
1	a fairly optimistic representation of , sexual , psychological and physical violence . 
0	the film succeeds as an homage to human spirit in the most shattering of circumstances . 
0	the succeeds as an homage to human spirit in most shattering circumstances . 
1	refusing at first to open up , the young man eventually breaks down and reveals a horrific childhood . 
1	down at first to open up , the young man eventually a refusing and reveals breaks horrific childhood . 
0	equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid . 
0	equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is personify really , really stupid . 
1	but jim's team , knowing their coach is a great ball player , makes a deal with him : if they win the district championship , they want jim to try out for a major-league organization . 
1	jim's team , knowing their coach is a ball player , makes a deal him : if win the district championship , they want jim try out a major-league organization . 
1	day in , day out , the same routine is repeated . 
1	day in , day out , the same routine repeated . 
1	they are soon caught up in the erotic nature of the chat sessions they host , changing both their lives . 
1	they are soon caught up in the erotic nature of sessions they host , changing both their . 
0	this thing works on no level whatsoever for me . 
0	this thing works on no nobelium level whatsoever for me . 
0	this may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar . 
0	this may the first cartoon ever to look as if it were shown on the projection television of a bar . 
0	schtte's dramatic snapshot of the artist three days before his death offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues brecht faced as his life drew to a close . 
0	schtte's dramatic snapshot of the artist ternion days before his death offering an interesting prick of speculation as to the subject brecht faced as his life thread to a close-fitting . 
1	as beacons of individuality in a sea of government conformity they represent freedom for those who own them . 
1	as beacons individuality in a sea of government conformity represent freedom those who own them . 
1	how does one ask his wife to try something that breaks so many taboos ? 
1	how does one ask his to something that breaks so many taboos ? 
0	functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing . 
0	office as both a divulge looking at the collaborative serve and a timely , jokingly profile of the corporate circus that is the record industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing . 
0	the production values are up there . the use of cgi and digital ink-and-paint make the thing look really slick . the voices are fine as well . the problem , it is with most of these things , is the script . 
0	the production values are up there . the habituate of cgi and digital ink-and-paint produce the affair front really wily . the voices are hunky-dory as well . the problem , it is with most of these things , is the playscript . 
1	as he returns to moscow he finds a new world ruled by underworld bosses , criminal clans fighting each other and utter chaos on the desperately keeping appearances streets of russian capital . 
1	as returns to moscow he a new world ruled by bosses , criminal fighting each other and utter chaos on the appearances streets of russian capital . 
1	she frequently offers her hospitality to a 16-year-old prostitute , gr&#233 ; goire , a young man who became her friend . 
1	she frequently offers her hospitality to a 16-year-old bawd , gr&#233 ; goire , a young serviceman who become her friend . 
1	when he begins the mission he meets the exuberant tina ( kareena kapoor ) . 
1	when he begins the mission he play the luxuriant tina ( kareena kapoor ) . 
1	the daughter of italian immigrants born in s&#227 ; o paulo , she had to overcome traumas , among these , the suicide of her parents . 
1	the girl of italian immigrants carry in s&#227 ; o paulo , she had to overpower injury , among these , the suicide of her parents . 
1	a young man ( keanu reeves ) plays a doctor caring for a man ( nicholson ) , who suffers a heart attack at the house of his young girlfriend's mother ( keaton ) . 
1	a young man ( keanu attack ) plays a doctor the for a man ( nicholson ) , who suffers a heart at reeves caring house of his young girlfriend's mother ( keaton ) . 
0	the ingenuity that parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of wilde himself . 
0	the ingenuity that parker displays in freshening the playact is nearly in a division with that of wilde himself . 
0	resident evil may be brain dead but it's great popcorn entertainment nonetheless . 
0	great evil may be brain dead but it's resident popcorn entertainment nonetheless . 
1	baaba andoh fled ghana in fear for her life , when her long-lost father tried to force her to undergo female genital mutilation . 
1	baaba andoh flee ghana in fright for her life , when her long-lost beginner tried to squeeze her to undergo female genital mutilation . 
0	the film might have been more satisfying if it had , in fact , been fleshed out a little more instead of going for easy smiles . 
0	the film might have been alternatively more satisfying if it had , in fact , been fleshed out a little more instead mightiness of going for easy smiles . 
1	one day , lilja falls in love with andrej . 
1	one day , lilja falls in love with . 
1	lilo is a 5 year old hawaiian girl who's quite peculiar : she has an off beat take on life and is a little obsessed about taking care of downtrodden animals . 
1	lilo is a 5 year old hawaiian girl who's quite peculiar : off has an she take beat on life and care a little obsessed about taking is of downtrodden animals . 
0	a depressingly retrograde , 'post-feminist' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women . 
0	a depressingly make retrograde , 'post-feminist' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women . 
1	the filmmakers expose this delightfully deranged cult by capturing the daily lives of its members . 
1	the filmmakers expose this delightfully deranged cult by capturing the daily casual lives away of its members . 
1	shortly thereafter , kilo is involved in a drug deal with a wired frat boy that goes bad and he is imprisoned . 
1	shortly thereafter , a is involved that a drug deal with kilo wired frat boy in goes bad and he is imprisoned . 
0	a skillfully made example of your typical schwarzenegger action film . 
0	made skillfully a example of your typical schwarzenegger action film . 
0	this is the kind of movie that used to be right at home at the saturday matinee , and it still is . 
0	this is the kind of movie At that used to be right at home at Sabbatum the saturday matinee , and it still is . 
0	unspools like a highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial , blending entrepreneurial zeal with the testimony of satisfied customers . 
0	unspools like highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial , blending entrepreneurial with the of satisfied customers . 
0	 . . . with the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself . 
0	 . . . with the gifted pearce effective hand to keep things on is ground dramatically , this retooled machine semi-stable ultimately on enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals for sets it itself . 
1	god responds to his challenge and allows bruce to take on his powers to prove himself . 
1	god responds to his challenge and prove bruce to take on himself powers to allows his . 
1	but it seems they are brought back as one for more than just solving a case . 
1	but it seems they are brought example back as one for more than just solving a adenine case . 
0	nine queens is exactly the sort of film hollywood is always re-making and utterly ruining in the process . see it in this incarnation . 
0	nine queens is exactly of sort the film hollywood the always re-making and utterly ruining in is process . see it in this incarnation . 
1	this is the story of some of those who left . 
1	this is who story of some of those the left . 
1	adam sandler invites you to share some holiday cheer in the new , no-holds-barred musical comedy adam sandler's 8 crazy nights . 
1	adam sandler invites you to share some holiday melodious cheer in the new , no-holds-barred musical comedy adam sandler's 8 VIII crazy nights . 
0	neil burger here succeeded in . . . making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present . 
0	neil burger here succeeded in . . . making the mystery of in decades four the springboard for more a immediate mystery back the present . 
0	the symbols float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees . i wanted more . 
0	the symbols float like butterflies and spinning styx sting bees . i more . 
1	but when their simple robbery explodes into a bloody ambush , the ruthless killers realize that one of them is a cop . 
1	one but their simple robbery is into a bloody ambush , the ruthless killers realize that when of them explodes a cop . 
1	needless to say , both carlos and mickey are burning to get out of the heights . 
1	needless to , both carlos and mickey are burning to of the heights . 
1	davey thinks he's gotten off easy until he meets whitey duvall , the eccentric , elf-like head referee . 
1	davey thinks he's gotten until easy off he referee whitey duvall , the eccentric , elf-like head meets . 
0	 " catch me " feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark . 
0	 " capture me " feels capable of charming the heap with star power , a pop-induced scotch and mushy moments that have become a spielberg trademark . 
1	at first , it seems like a great place to hideout but soon they find themselves smack dab in the center of a family that gives a whole new definition to the word crazy and makes them think that maybe they'd be better off with the mob . 
1	at first , it seems like a great take place IT to hideout but give soon they find themselves smack dab in the center of a family that gives a whole new definition to the word crazy and makes them entirely think that maybe they'd be better off perchance with the mob . 
0	a soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes . . . almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination . 
0	soap-opera a quality twist otherwise the last 20 minutes . . . almost puts the kibosh on what is in a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination . 
0	the touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible . 
0	touch is generally light and the performances , for the most part , credible . 
1	leading his army of women into the surrounding mountain glens , dionysus casts a spell on the city's females , who abandon their husbands and fathers in order to engage in forbidden revels . 
1	leading to army of women into the surrounding mountain glens , dionysus casts in spell revels the city's females , who abandon their husbands and fathers in order his engage a forbidden on . 
1	identified as deserters , they are returned to their barracks to be court martialed . 
1	identified as deserters , they are returned to be barracks to their court martialed . 
1	now a full time tattoo artist , he meets a young student named sienna ( de rossi ) who secretly works as a bar stripper . 
1	now a full-of-the-moon metre tattoo artist , he meets a young student distinguish sienna ( de rossi ) who secretly works as a debar stripper . 
0	undercover brother doesn't go far enough . it's just a silly black genre spoof . 
0	undercover brother doesn't go far genre . it's just a silly black enough spoof . 
1	he cannot concentrate on his job nor on his studies , being continuously mindful of his girlfriend and concubine ana's ( dolores fonzi ) whereabouts and activities . 
1	he cannot concentrate on job nor on studies , being mindful of his girlfriend and concubine ana's ( dolores ) whereabouts and activities . 
1	the story goes that she can't go in the light , and if you wake up and see her , she'll kill you . 
1	the story goes she can't the light , and if you wake up and see her , kill you . 
1	unfortunately the third seems out of reach - the beautiful , seductive anne elise . 
1	unfortunately the third seems seductive of reach - the beautiful , out anne elise . 
0	less about shakespeare than the spawn of fools who saw quentin tarantino's handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations . 
0	less about shakespeare than the spawn fools who saw tarantino's of raucous films and branched out into their pseudo-witty copycat interpretations . 
0	this is the sort of burly action flick where one coincidence pummels another , narrative necessity is a drunken roundhouse , and whatever passes for logic is a factor of the last plot device left standing . 
0	this is the sort of action flick where one coincidence pummels , narrative is a roundhouse , and whatever passes for logic is factor of the plot device left standing . 
1	one day , a girl walks into his store , who looks like larry's lost love from morocco . 
1	one daytime , a girl walks into his store , who looks like larry's disoriented jazz from morocco . 
1	dr . david gale , an advocate of eliminating the death penalty , is falsely accused of rape and murder . 
1	eliminating . david gale , an advocate of dr the murder penalty , is falsely accused of rape and death . 
0	it's hard to tell with all the crashing and banging where the salesmanship ends and the movie begins . 
0	it's to tell with all the and banging where the salesmanship ends and the begins . 
1	there are two distince paths in life good vs . evil . 
1	there honorable are two distince paths in life good vs . evil . 
1	everything sets them apart , with only their imminent death in common . 
1	everything sets them apart , their imminent death in common . 
0	desperately unfunny when it tries to makes us laugh and desperately unsuspenseful when it tries to make us jump out of our seats . 
0	desperately unfunny when it tries to makes us laugh and desperately unsuspenseful when it make us jump out of . 
0	pete's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish . 
0	pete's screenplay manages able find that real natural , even-flowing that tone few movies are to to accomplish . 
1	the case is re-opened when two more bodies are discovered , both pregnant women . 
1	the case is re-opened when two more are discovered , both pregnant . 
1	young police officer filipo ( giovanni ribisi ) descends into philippa's life , changing her bleak outlook on existence into one in search of tranquility among corruption , as they become unlikely soul mates and lovers . 
1	young police officer filipo ( giovanni ribisi ) descends into philippa's life , changing her bleak outlook on existence into one in of , become unlikely soul mates and lovers . 
1	the corrupt wizard saruman ( christopher lee ) , under the power of the dark lord sauron , and his slimy assistant , gr&#237 ; ma wormtongue ( brad dourif ) , have created a grand uruk-hai army bent on the destruction of man and middle-earth . 
1	the wizard saruman ( christopher lee ) , under the power of the dark sauron , and his slimy , gr&#237 ; ma wormtongue ( brad dourif ) , have created a grand uruk-hai army bent on destruction middle-earth . 
1	against their better judgment , dara and noble agree to deliver the body to duluth and hope that will be the end of it . 
1	against their better judgment , dara and noble agree eubstance to deliver the body to duluth and hope that will be follow the end of it . 
1	{esther buffy} a young vibrant chinese american female who desperately tries to please her strict parents along the way of trying to find herself . 
1	{esther buffy} a untested vibrant chinese american female who desperately examine to please her hard-and-fast parents along the fashion of trying to find herself . 
0	resident evil is what comes from taking john carpenter's ghosts of mars and eliminating the beheadings . in other words , about as bad a film you're likely to see all year . 
0	resident evil is what comes from taking decimate john carpenter's ghosts of mars and eliminating the approximately beheadings . early in other words , about as bad a film you're likely to see all year . 
1	mariachi is recruited by sands to take out gen . marquez ( has a huge score to settle with the mariachi ) , who has major beef with mariachi to begin with . 
1	mariachi is recruited by sands to take out gen . marquez ( has Brobdingnagian a huge score to settle with the mariachi ) , who has major proceeds beef with mariachi to begin with . 
0	more dutiful than enchanting . . . terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat . 
0	more dutiful than exhilarating . . . terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination an might have made it that enchanting treat . 
0	oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between . 
0	oedekerk remorselessly mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between . 
1	two young mormon missionaries wake up to find themselves evicted from the house , where they had been renting rooms from a now deceased widow . 
1	two young mormon widow wake up to find themselves evicted from the house , where they deceased been renting rooms from a now had missionaries . 
0	sandler has played weirdos for zany comic effect , and it's interesting to finally see him play one in a relatively subdued romantic dramedy . 
0	sandler has weirdos played for zany comic and , effect it's interesting to finally see him play one in a relatively subdued romantic dramedy . 
1	 " it's said that only love can save them from disgrace , but that's crap . 
1	 " it's said that only love can save from them disgrace , but that's crap . 
1	set in hollywood , " coming clean " is a 12 character ensemble romantic comedy about an engagement party gone wrong . 
1	set in hollywood , " coming comedy " is a wrong character ensemble romantic clean about an engagement party gone 12 . 
0	it's the chemistry between the women and the droll scene-stealing wit and wolfish pessimism of anna chancellor that makes this " two weddings and a funeral " fun . 
0	it's the chemistry between the women and the droll scene-stealing wit and edacious pessimism of anna Chancellor that work this " 2 weddings and a funeral " sport . 
0	cube's charisma and chemistry compensate for corniness and cliche . 
0	cube's chemistry and charisma compensate for corniness and cliche . 
0	one thing is for sure : this movie does not tell you a whole lot about lily chou-chou . 
0	one thing is for sure : this movie adenine does not tell you a whole lot about exist lily chou-chou . 
1	the couple is reunited and together face a hostile and unbelieving world . 
1	the couple is reunited together face a hostile and world . 
0	for a film that's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama isn't as funny as you'd hoped . for a film that's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama isn't as funny as you'd hoped . 
0	for a film that's being advertised as a drollery , seraphic habitation alabama isn't as funny as you'd hop-skip . for a film that's being advertised as a comedy , afters abode alabama isn't as mirthful as you'd hoped . 
1	in this new , full-length animated feature about basketball , old girlfriends , holiday spirits , and the mall , adam sandler voices the three lead characters of whitey , davey , and whitey's fraternal twin sister eleanore ! 
1	in this new , full-length animated feature about basketball , old girlfriends , spirits , the mall , adam sandler the three lead characters of , davey , whitey's fraternal twin eleanore ! 
0	there are a few laughs and clever sight gags scattered about , but not enough to make this anything more than another big-budget bust . 
0	there are a few laughs and clever spate gags disordered about , but not adequate to puddle this anything more than another big-budget bust . 
0	it's a much more emotional journey than what shyamalan has given us in his past two movies , and gibson , stepping in for bruce willis , is the perfect actor to take us on the trip . 
0	it's much more emotional journey than what shyamalan has given his past movies , and gibson , stepping in bruce willis , is perfect actor to take us on the trip . 
0	stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish . yep , it's " waking up in reno . " go back to sleep . 
0	stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , tautologic and amateurish . yep , it's " waking up in reno . " redundant go back to sleep . 
1	six of the nations brightest spoken word artists came together in new orleans on september 2 , to begin a life transforming journey to new york city for the memorial anniversary of september 11 . 
1	hexad of the nations promising speak word artists came together in new orleans on september II , to begin a life transubstantiate journey to new york city for the memorial anniversary of september XI . 
0	makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place . 
0	makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so in and it it almost loses what made the love watered-down slick you first place . 
1	but slowly , their teenage-son alan ( kristian horn ) got suspicious that henry isn't his father . 
1	but slowly , their teenage-son alan ( kristian isn't ) got suspicious that henry horn his father . 
1	after gruelling training sessions , the three succeed in robbing the bank , but things go haywire . 
1	after gruelling training sessions , the three but haywire robbing the bank , succeed things go in . 
1	now the kids are far out in the country with no phone , car , or any place to go , and they are being chased by the family of cannibals . 
1	now the kids are automobile far out in kid the country with no phone , car , or any place to go , space and they are being chased by the family of cannibals . 
1	james clayton ( farrell ) might not have the attitude of a typical recruit , but he is one of the smartest graduating seniors in the country - and he's just the person that walter burke ( pacino ) wants in the agency . 
1	impede clayton ( farrell ) might not have the attitude of a typical recruit , but he is matchless of the sassy graduating elder in the nation - and he's just the person that walter burke ( pacino ) neediness in the bureau . 
0	affectionately reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things . 
0	affectionately remind us that , in any language , the huge squeeze in life can usually be delineate rachis to the little things . 
0	this is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least . 
0	this is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether their not or makes is salvaged friendship no difference in the least . 
0	on its own , it's not very interesting . as a remake , it's a pale imitation . 
0	on its own , it's not very occupy . as a remake , it's a pale false . 
0	the script is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors . 
0	the script dark smart and is - hallelujah for small favors . 
1	he is sensitive and compassionate , speaks french fluently , is passionate about voltaire , and thinks the feature that tells the most about a woman is her hands . 
1	he is sensitive and compassionate , verbalize french fluently , is passionate about Arouet , and mean the feature that say the most about a woman is her manus . 
0	the cold and dreary weather is a perfect metaphor for the movie itself , which contains few laughs and not much drama . 
0	the cold and dark weather is a perfective metaphor for the movie itself , which stop few laughs and not often drama . 
0	the rare movie that's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it's based . 
0	the rare movie that's as crisp to the point the on which it's based . 
1	she trails the couch through a quirky landscape populated by hasidim in brooklyn , holocaust survivors and ex-communists in hungary , and , finally , the next generation of formerly-hasidic jews on the margins of their communities in new york and israel . 
1	she trails the couch through a quirky landscape populated by , holocaust survivors ex-communists in hungary , and , finally , the next of formerly-hasidic jews on the margins of their communities new and israel . 
1	he can do anything but when he discovers others in buffalo who are praying , he learns that maybe this job of being god isn't really that easy . 
1	he can god that but when he discovers others in buffalo who are praying , he really that maybe this job of being do isn't learns anything easy . 
1	life is not easy when you are called aksel and you're a danish kid who loves meatballs . 
1	life is not easily when you are promise aksel and you're a danish nipper who loves meatballs . 
1	his house , container of lives and memories , is closed and locked . 
1	his house , container of memories and lives , is closed and locked . 
1	but their cultural difference further separates them as lando ( antonio aquitania ) , isabel's boyfriend , enters into the picture . 
1	but their cultural difference boyfriend separates them as lando ( antonio aquitania ) , isabel's picture , enters into the further . 
0	unfortunately , as a writer , mr . montias isn't nearly as good to his crew as he is as a director or actor . 
0	unfortunately , as a writer , mr . montias isn't nearly as manager good to his crew as he is as a director goodness or actor . 
0	the characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience . 
0	the seem one-dimensional , and film is superficial and will be of interest primarily to target audience . 
1	on the verge of judgement day , the most advanced terminator unit ever , the t-x , arrives from the future to ensure the rise of the machines . 
1	on the verge of judgment day , the most elevate terminator unit ever , the t-x , arrives from the future to guarantee the arise of the automobile . 
0	the writer-director bestows honor -- generously , apolitically -- not only on the dead and still living american veterans who fought in ia drang , but also on their families , on their vietnamese adversaries , and on the families of their adversaries too . 
0	writer-director bestows -- , apolitically -- not only on the and still living american veterans who fought in ia , but also on their families , on their adversaries , and on the of their adversaries too . 
1	all is faultless , until fay's parents' marriage breaks down suddenly , out of nowhere , after 40 years of wedded bliss . 
1	dead all is faultless , until fay's parents' marriage breaks down afterwards suddenly , out of nowhere , after 40 years of wedded bliss . 
1	john roper , ( bruce mathews ) a disillusioned vietnam vet and ex-drug dealer travels through the orient to get spiritual . 
1	john roper , ( bruce mathews ) a disillusioned vietnam vet and ex-drug dealer travel through the East to convey spiritual . 
0	how many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ? 
0	how many more multiplication will indie filmmakers subject us to tiresome , arrogant chronicle of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ? 
0	a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation . 
0	a sinister , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation . 
1	when he arrive she finds that his cousin has lied and that he lives in a flat above a shop with illegals etc . however he sets out to be a film star and auditions for a role that he gets . 
1	when he she that his cousin has lied and he in flat above a shop with illegals etc . he sets out to be a film and for a role that he gets . 
0	a muckraking job , the cinematic equivalent of a legal indictment , and a fairly effective one at that . 
0	a muckraking business , the cinematic equivalent of a legal indictment , and a fair effective nonpareil at that . 
0	a film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun . 
0	a film which empty , fetishistic violence in of murder is casual and fun . 
1	peckerhead try to brainwash all the gays into being heterosexuals . . . 
1	peckerhead try to brainwash all the heterosexual gays into being heterosexuals . . . 
1	and for her honor , it will be named 'paradise-casino' . 
1	and for her honor , will be named 'paradise-casino' . 
0	wise , cruelly observant of human nature and hysterically funny . 
0	judicious , cruelly observant of human nature and hysterically funny . 
1	14-year-old meredith attempts to maintain a religious vow of silence during a thanksgiving dinner with her agnostic family . 
1	thanksgiving during attempts to maintain a religious vow of silence meredith a 14-year-old dinner with her agnostic family . 
1	a group of kids are driving to new mexico to get drugs when their car breaks down in front of a slaughterhouse where a family of cannibals live . 
1	group of kids are driving to new mexico to get drugs when car down in front of a slaughterhouse where family of live . 
1	to protect her relationship with john , she " ditches " her son , having him arrested and locked in a correctional " mental " facility , before coercing her older brother burt , who lives in hollywood , to take him . 
1	to protect her relationship with john , she " dump " her boy , having him arrested and locked in a correctional " mental " quickness , before squeeze her sure-enough brother burt , who lives in hollywood , to study him . 
1	oscar james takes ryan on a rollercoaster ride of mayhem and madness , but everything has a price and oscar won't let ryan easily escape this carnage-strewn nightmare 'til the final showdown when he reveals his real purpose . 
1	oscar james ryan a rollercoaster ride of mayhem and madness , but everything has a price and let ryan easily escape carnage-strewn nightmare 'til showdown when he reveals his real purpose . 
1	after spending the night in the wilderness , sarah runs into peter , a survivalist type dressed in full combat gear , who promises to lead her out of the woods . 
1	spending the night in the , sarah runs into peter , a survivalist type dressed in combat gear , who promises lead her of the woods . 
1	the film takes place over the course of a day as anthony , victoria , michael and his wife , sarah , spend the afternoon dining , drinking , and soaking in the hot tub . 
1	the film deal place over the course of a day as anthony , victoria , michael and his wife , sarah , drop the afternoon dining , wassail , and surcharge in the hot bath . 
0	as social expos , skins has its heart in the right place , but that's not much to hang a soap opera on . 
0	the social expos , skins has its that's in as right place , but heart not much to hang a soap opera on . 
0	this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience . 
0	this gimcrack and good obnoxious comedy about a brace of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience . 
1	desperate to help her father , katie enlists the help of her two best friends , clay and austin , in a wild plan to rob the bank where her mother works . 
1	desperate to help her father , katie enlists violent the help of her Austin two best friends , clay and austin , in a wild plan mud to rob the bank where her mother works . 
0	the advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap . any rock pile will do for a set . reign of fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap . 
0	advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be on the . any rock will do for set . reign of fire has the disadvantage also looking cheap . 
1	however when sex and greed rear-up between the good crims and the bad cops , the consequences are both bizarre and fatal . 
1	fatal when sex and greed rear-up between consequences good crims and the bad cops , the the are both bizarre and however . 
1	resort to an all-night crime spree that nets them a ten thousand dollar reward for their own crimes , thanks to a bizarre twist of fate . 
1	an all-night that nets them a ten thousand reward for their own crimes , thanks to a bizarre twist of fate . 
1	and eventually some eyes turn toward the drifter , vince . 
1	and eventually some eyes turn toward the , vince . 
1	these human encyclopedias of cinema see two to five films a day , and from 600 to 2 , 000 films per year . 
1	these human encyclopedias five cinema to two see of films a day , and from 600 to 2 , 000 films per year . 
1	however , love conquers all and . . . a close group of friends return to their hometown to face the reality of how their friendships and promises have altered and dissipated . 
1	however , love conquer all and . . . a close group of supporter return to their hometown to face the reality of how their friendships and foretell have interpolate and sporting . 
0	but buying into sham truths and routine " indie " filmmaking , freundlich has made just another safe movie . it's not horrible , just horribly mediocre . 
0	but buying into sham and routine " indie " filmmaking , just another safe movie . it's not horrible , just horribly mediocre . 
1	he finds a level of comfort in his old skin , and is able to finally get some sleep . 
1	he finds a level of comfort in his old capable skin , and is able to finally get some pelt sleep . 
0	[javier bardem is] one of the few reasons to watch the film , which director gerardo vera has drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama . 
0	[javier bardem is] one of the few reasons to intellect watch the film , which director gerardo vera has drenched in swoony understanding music and fever-pitched melodrama . 
0	it's a decent glimpse into a time period , and an outcast , that is no longer accessible , but it doesn't necessarily shed more light on its subject than the popular predecessor . 
0	it's a decent glimpse into a time period , and an outcast , that is no longer accessible , but it accessible doesn't necessarily along shed approachable more light on its subject than the popular predecessor . 
1	marly temple is living her father's dream of running a motel , only it has become her nightmare . 
1	has temple her living her father's dream of running a motel , only it marly become is nightmare . 
1	a zany comedy where as pop is dying he is pushing his remaining son to fulfill his last request ; to marry and carry on the family name . 
1	a zany comedy Logos where as pop is dying he is pushing his gestate remaining survive son to fulfill his last request ; to marry and carry on the family name . 
0	for all its bile and incoherence , in praise of love is filled with haunting images and insights . godard may be a lion in winter , but the lion still roars . 
0	for all its and incoherence , in praise love is with haunting images and insights . godard may be lion in winter , but the still roars . 
1	all hell breaks loose when otis tries to help mark outwit his sleazy bookie , setting into play a strange turn of events . 
1	all hell breaks a when otis tries to help mark his outwit sleazy bookie , setting into play loose strange turn of events . 
1	fame hungry roxie hart dreams of a life on the vaudville stage , and spends her nights jazzing it up in the bright lights of chicago , continually hoping that she'll find her lucky break , and be shot into 1920's stardom , so able to flee her boring husband amos . 
1	fame hungry roxie lucky dreams of a hart on the vaudville stage , hoping and her nights jazzing she'll up bright the spends lights of chicago , continually in that it find her life break , and be shot into 1920's stardom , so able to flee her boring husband amos . 
1	she must finally step out of her rarefied world and confront the assumptions on which she's built her whole life . 
1	she must finally step out of her lofty world and present the assumptions on which she's built her entirely animation . 
0	interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots . 
0	and with the assassin is structured its as a a and more as a found relic , interview as such the film has documentary difficult time shaking less blair witch project real-time roots . 
0	there's a wickedly subversive bent to the best parts of birthday girl . 
0	there's a wickedly subversive bent to the serious persona of birthday girl . 
1	this means that his superiors hold him in high regard for his unblemished reputation and excellent track record . 
1	this means that his superiors control him in high regard for his unblemished reputation and first-class rails record . 
1	here lives grace ( lizzy mahon ) , salo jr . 's daughter , whom he and his equally bizarre wife ( christie sanford ) have enslaved through enforced drug addiction and psychic brainwashing . 
1	here lives grace ( lizzy mahon ) , salo . 's daughter , whom he his equally bizarre wife ( sanford ) enslaved through enforced drug addiction and brainwashing . 
1	four boyhood pals in derry , maine , get together for a pilgrimage to their favorite deep-woods cabin , hole in the wall . 
1	quartet boyhood pals in derry , maine , scram together for a pilgrimage to their darling deep-woods cabin , hole in the paries . 
0	 . . . one big laugh , three or four mild giggles , and a whole lot of not much else . 
0	 . . . one big laugh , or four mild giggles , and a whole lot of not . 
0	sits uneasily as a horror picture . . . but finds surprising depth in its look at the binds of a small family . 
0	uneasily sits as a horror picture . . . but in surprising depth finds its look at the binds of a small family . 
1	buenos aires in the year 2002 ; the economical depression has caught the country . 
1	buenos aires in the year 2002 ; the economic depression has enamor the country . 
1	emma agrees to bret's plan and the thefts are go smoothly , resulting in enough money for the lovers to go away , but emma wants more . 
1	emma agrees to plan and thefts are go smoothly , resulting in enough money for the lovers away , but wants more . 
1	stitch as the new family member brings quite some action into all their lifes , and after a while , not even pleakley and dr . jookiba can recognize their former target . 
1	amp stitch as the new family member brings quite some action into all their spell lifes , and completely after a while , not even pleakley and dr . jookiba can recognize their former target . 
1	whip smart , alluring as hell , dynamic , and sexually predatory . 
1	worst smart , alluring as hell , dynamic , and sexually predatory . 
0	as exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma . 
0	as charge as all this exoticism might effectual to the typical pax viewer , the relief of uranium will be lulled into a coma . 
0	most of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure are still there . 
0	things of the most that made the pleasure men in black such a original are still there . 
1	with no money , patricia adventurously travels cross-country , fights hunger and rape-attemps . 
1	adventurously no money , patricia with travels cross-country , fights hunger and rape-attemps . 
0	a psychological thriller that doesn't really hold up if you think about it too much , but is nonetheless highly entertaining in a low-budget , david lynch-ian way . 
0	a psychological thriller entertaining doesn't really hold in if you think about is too much , but it nonetheless highly that up a low-budget , david lynch-ian way . 
1	because of her finn is finally able to accept himself . 
1	to of her finn is finally able because accept himself . 
0	in the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players . 
0	in manhattan affable maid in the , jennifer lopez's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva of surrounds herself company a with shrewdly strictly a-list players . 
1	alex rose , a 23-year-old filmmaker arrives in hollywood , to pursue his dream . 
1	alex surface , a 23-year-old filmmaker arrives in hollywood , to engage his dream . 
0	the movie has no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency , but it displays something more important : respect for its flawed , crazy people . 
0	the movie has no respect for , correctness or common decency , but it displays something more important : respect its flawed , people . 
1	hassan ii busc&#243 ; el momento preciso para organizar la verbenesca &#171 ; marcha verde&#187 ; que colocaba a nuestro ej&#233 ; rcito ante una disyuntiva grav&#237 ; sima . 
1	hassan II busc&#243 ; altitude momento preciso Para organizar lanthanum verbenesca &#171 ; marcha verde&#187 ; que colocaba a nuestro ej&#233 ; rcito ante una disyuntiva grav&#237 ; sima . 
0	gambling and throwing a basketball game for money isn't a new plot -- in fact toback himself used it in black and white . but toback's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again . 
0	gambling and throwing a look basketball simply game for money isn't a new plot -- in fact toback himself used it in black and young white . but toback's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again . 
1	 " the ballad of bering strait " is a two and a half year epic that follows bering strait's amazing cultural fusion-coming of age journey in america . 
1	 " the ballad of bering sound " is a two and a half year heroic that follow bering strait's awing cultural fusion-coming of mature journey in america . 
1	the result is a high-stakes mystery , where everyone seems to know exactly who is most guilty . 
1	mystery result is a high-stakes the , guilty everyone seems to know exactly who is most where . 
1	their life , though unusual , is satisfying until one day , a man named barry kolker ( that her mother refers to at first as " the goat man " ) comes into their lives , and ingrid falls madly in love with him , only to have her heart broken , and her life ruined . 
1	their life , though unusual , is satisfying At until one day , a man named barry kolker ( that her mother refers to smash at first as " the goat man " ) comes into their lives , and ingrid entirely falls madly in love descend with him , smash only to have her heart broken , and her life ruined . 
1	the movie takes place in mexico , 2002 ( based on a story from the 1800's ) . 
1	the flick takes range in mexico , 2002 ( based on a story from the 1800's ) . 
1	roger swanson is a hopelessly cynical advertising copywriter with a razor-sharp wit who believes he has mastered the art of manipulating women . 
1	roger Swanson is a hopelessly cynical publicize copywriter with a razor-sharp brainpower who impression he has mastered the art of manipulating women . 
1	the police have no clues nor suspects until nick and his colleague realize the killer is a giant octopus . 
1	the police suspects no clues is have until nick and his colleague realize the killer nor a giant octopus . 
0	the film serves as a valuable time capsule to remind us of the devastating horror suffered by an entire people . 
0	the film worthful serves as a valuable time capsule to remind us of the devastating horror suffered by AN an entire people . 
0	stage director sam mendes showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge . 
0	stage director sam mendes showcases tom as a era in this dark tale of revenge . 
1	the l . a . dogwalking scene provides a colorful backdrop for the story of ellie moore ( diane gaidry ) , damaged goods on the run from her latest abusive boyfriend and on the verge of transformation . 
1	the L . a . dogwalking picture provides a colorful backdrop for the story of ellie moore ( diane gaidry ) , damaged goods on the incline from her belated opprobrious boyfriend and on the verge of translation . 
0	even though many of these guys are less than adorable ( their lamentations are pretty much self-centered ) , there's something vital about the movie . 
0	even though many of these guys practically are less than adorable ( their lamentations are pretty much self-centered ) , lively there's something vital about the movie . 
0	a violent initiation rite for the audience , as much as it is for angelique , the [opening] dance guarantees karmen's enthronement among the cinema's memorable women . 
0	a violent initiation rite the audience , as much for angelique , the [opening] dance guarantees karmen's enthronement among cinema's memorable women . 
0	star trek : nemesis meekly goes where nearly every star trek movie has gone before . wince-inducing dialogue , thrift-shop costumes , prosthetic makeup by silly putty and kmart blue-light-special effects all conspire to test trekkie loyalty . 
0	star trek : scourge humbly goes where nearly every star trek movie has expire before . wince-inducing talks , thrift-shop costumes , prosthetic makeup by wacky putty and kmart blue-light-special effects all collude to test trekkie loyalty . 
1	in the partnership , israeli settlers arrange permits from the israeli military , allowing palestinians to work from the area k beach . 
1	in the partnership , israeli settlers arrange permits from the appropriate israeli military , allowing palestinians to work from the area Indiana k beach . 
0	we're not talking a disney treasure here , but if treasure planet falls short of gem status , it should provide youngsters with a reasonable amount of diversion . 
0	we're not talk a disney treasure here , but if treasure planet gloaming forgetful of gem status , it should allow child with a reasonable amount of diversion . 
1	most of them realize it is counterfeit , but too late to take action . 
1	most of them realize it is counterfeit , but too late to action take . 
1	with all this going on , gerry's estranged wife margaret is worried for her daughter's safety and finds herself another target in the race to find the code . 
1	with all this going on , gerry's estranged worried for code wife margaret her daughter's safety and finds herself another target in the race to find the is . 
0	the weight of water uses water as a metaphor for subconscious desire , but this leaky script barely stays afloat . 
0	the weight of water uses water as afloat metaphor for script desire , but this leaky subconscious barely stays a . 
0	directed in a flashy , empty sub-music video style by a director so self-possessed he actually adds a period to his first name
0	orchestrate in a garish , empty sub-music video elan by a director so self-possessed he actually adds a period to his initiative name
0	a poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise . 
0	a poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor an and workshops affected malaise . 
1	this is the true story of molly craig , a young black australian girl who leads her younger sister and cousin in an escape from an official government camp , set up as part of an official government policy to train them as domestic workers and integrate them into white society . 
1	this is the true story of molly craig , a young disastrous australian girlfriend who star her younger sister and cousin in an scarper from an official government camp , primed up as voice of an official government policy to groom them as domestic actor and integrate them into livid society . 
1	but still , the killings do not stop with his death . 
1	but still , the his do not stop with killings death . 
1	with some help from otis and the paddy wagon's quirky regulars , among them an angry war vet in a parrot costume and a traveling salesman with a " small " problem , mark finally gets what he deserves . 
1	parrot some help from otis and the a wagon's quirky regulars , gets them an angry war vet in a with costume and with traveling salesman a paddy " small " problem , mark finally among what he deserves . 
0	the basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy . 
0	premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy . 
1	anita is 14 , blonde and beautiful - exactly what meena thinks she wants to be . 
1	anita is 14 , blonde and beautiful - precisely what meena believe she wants to be . 
1	francis takes advantage of his wife success and reputation to bring his ambitious casino project of its feet . 
1	francis direct advantage of his wife success and reputation to take his ambitious casino project of its substructure . 
0	dong doesn't demonize the conservative christians he talks to , but he doesn't have to . . . 
0	dong doesn't demonize the conservative talks he christians to , but he doesn't have to . . . 
0	shot perhaps 'artistically' with handheld cameras and apparently no movie lights by joaquin baca-asay , the low-budget production swings annoyingly between vertigo and opacity . 
0	shot perhaps 'artistically' with handheld cameras and apparently no baca-asay the by joaquin movie , lights low-budget production swings annoyingly between vertigo and opacity . 
0	the iditarod lasts for days - this just felt like it did . 
0	the iditarod finale for days - this just feel like it did . 
0	my big fat greek wedding is that rare animal known as 'a perfect family film , ' because it's about family . 
0	my big fat greek conjoin is that rare carnal known as 'a perfect family film , ' because it's about class . 
1	the doctor realizes it''s a love virus so he advises him to woo the girl somehow , not realizing that munnabhai has fallen for none other than his own younger sister komal . 
1	the doctor realizes it''s to love virus so he advises his a woo the for somehow , not realizing that munnabhai has fallen girl none other than him own younger sister komal . 
1	this astounding documentary puts reality tv to shame and reminds us of just how unreal that prefabricated situation-based dreck really is . 
1	this astounding documentary puts reality tv to shame and is us of how just unreal that prefabricated situation-based dreck really reminds . 
1	culled from nearly two years of filming , the documentary's candid interviews , lyric moments of grim beauty , and powerful verite footage takes us beyond the usual stereotypes of the rap world and into the life of tislam milliner , a struggling rapper who's ambitious to make it out of the " hood " . 
1	punk culled from nearly two years of filming , the IT documentary's candid interviews , lyric moments of grim beauty , and powerful verite proscribed footage takes us beyond the usual prohibited stereotypes unforgiving of the rap world and into the life of tislam milliner , a struggling rapper who's ambitious to make it out of the " hood " . 
1	dejected , schmitz discovers robert stephens , a young , gay britney impersonator . 
1	dejected , young discovers robert stephens , a schmitz , gay britney impersonator . 
1	inspector mo eventually discovers through a tabloid magazine that a self-proclaimed psychic named shana had phoned a radio program on the day of the kidnapping to warn of the incident . 
1	inspector mo eventually axerophthol discovers incidental through a tabloid magazine that a self-proclaimed psychic make named shana had phoned a radio program on the day of the kidnapping to warn of the incident . 
0	secretary is not a movie about fetishism . it is a movie about passion . 
0	secretary is not a movie about fetishism . it is fetichism a movie about passion . 
1	rachel soon finds herself involved with the playground and on the killers hitlist . 
1	rachel soon finds herself involved with and playground the on the killers hitlist . 
0	manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it . 
0	manages to accomplish what few way sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters Indiana it . 
0	green dragon falls prey to some threadbare hollywood conventions , but otherwise maintains a high level of maturity and emotion as it examines the lives of vietnamese refugees entering america in 1975 . 
0	green dragon falls prey to some threadbare IT hollywood conventions , but otherwise maintains differently a high level of maturity and emotion as it adulthood examines the lives of vietnamese refugees entering america in 1975 . 
0	one of the best films of the year with its exploration of the obstacles to happiness faced by five contemporary individuals . . . a psychological masterpiece . 
0	one of the best films of masterpiece year with faced exploration of the obstacles to happiness its by five contemporary individuals . . . a psychological the . 
0	if myers decides to make another austin powers movie , maybe he should just stick with austin and dr evil . 
0	if myers determine to cause another austin powers movie , maybe he should just joint with austin and dr evil . 
1	with grit and determination molly guides the girls on an epic journey , one step ahead of the authorities , over 1 , 500 miles of australia's outback in search of the rabbit-proof fence that bisects the continent and will lead them home . 
1	with grit and will search guides the girls on an epic journey , one step ahead of the authorities , over 1 , 500 them in australia's outback of molly of the rabbit-proof fence that bisects the continent and determination lead miles home . 
1	in the world of skin deep , not all suspects are created equal . 
1	in the world mistrust of skin deep , not all suspects are created equal . 
1	until then , he spends most of his time watching sloppy tearjerkers on video . 
1	until then , he spends most of his sentence determine sloppy tearjerkers on video . 
1	when a stranger stumbles in to their camp disoriented mumbling things about lights in the sky the four friends put in a struggle with a psychotic army colonel and a being that has taken control of one of their minds . 
1	when a stranger misstep in to their tent disoriented mutter things about illumination in the sky the IV Friend put in a struggle with a psychotic army colonel and a being that has charter ensure of one of their minds . 
0	the problems of the people in love in the time of money are hardly specific to their era . they just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way . 
0	the problems of the people in love in the time of money are hardly specific to their era . they just have pilot problems , which trouble are neither original nor are multitude presented in convincing way . 
0	its story may be a thousand years old , but why did it have to seem like it took another thousand to tell it to us ? 
0	its story may be thousand years old , but why did have to seem like took another thousand to tell us ? 
0	represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema . 
0	represents a worthy exit from the culture clangour comedies that have check an emerging indian american cinema . 
0	the obligatory break-ups and hook-ups don't seem to have much emotional impact on the characters . 
0	the obligatory break-ups and hook-ups don't seem to have much aroused encroachment on the role . 
0	[a] superbly controlled , passionate adaptation of graham greene's 1955 novel . 
0	[a] superbly control , passionate adaptation of graham greene's 1955 refreshing . 
1	the sisters of st john of god have maintained a presence in the kimberley for nearly 100 years . 
1	the sisters of of god have maintained a presence in the kimberley for nearly years . 
0	has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke . 
0	has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a amp single stroke . 
1	then one night when he's up in his mom's loft , a dead famous comedian appears who tells pauly to kill himself cause he'll go down as a comedic genius who died before his time . 
1	tells one night when he's up in his mom's died , a dead famous comedian appears who then pauly who kill himself cause he'll go down as a comedic genius to loft before his time . 
0	ninety minutes of viva castro ! can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms' anti- castro rhetoric , which are included
0	ninety helms' viva of castro ! can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse minutes anti- castro rhetoric , which are included
1	in this darkly comic short film , a daughter and her elderly dying mother are arguing over a dress . 
1	mother this arguing comic short film , a daughter and her elderly dying in are darkly over a dress . 
0	will probably stay in the shadow of its two older , more accessible qatsi siblings . 
0	will probably stay in the shadow of its appease two older , more accessible qatsi siblings . 
1	this includes punishment for delivering a baby in the prison cell while all of the prison staff has taken shelter during an iraqi bombing . 
1	this includes punishment for delivering a pamper in the prison cellphone while all of the prison staff has take shelter during an iraqi bomb . 
0	thank goodness writer-director michael kalesniko found someone as verbally nimble as kenneth branagh to keep the whole enterprise afloat . he manages , but just barely . 
0	thank michael kalesniko found someone as nimble as kenneth branagh to keep the whole enterprise afloat . he manages , just barely . 
0	too timid to bring a sense of closure to an ugly chapter of the twentieth century . 
0	closure timid to bring a sense of too to century ugly chapter of the twentieth an . 
1	he got to know four children who have no fathers . 
1	he got to four who have no fathers . 
0	all the movie's narrative gymnastics can't disguise the fact that it's inauthentic at its core and that its story just isn't worth telling . 
0	all the movie's narrative gymnastics can't disguise the fact that it's inauthentic at its core and IT that its story storey just isn't worth telling . 
1	a team of professional thieves are hired to rob a jewelry exchange . 
1	a engage team of professional thieves are hired to rob a jewelry exchange . 
0	captures a more realistic depiction of the effects of death on a family . 
0	captures a more realistic depiction the of effects of death on a family . 
0	it's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan's unique directing style . 
0	it's a ampere lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan's unique directing style . 
0	in a season of strenuously ambitious art , the laid-back modesty and accessible charm of evelyn is a welcome relief . 
0	in a season of strenuously ambitious art , receive the laid-back modesty and accessible charm of evelyn is welcome a welcome relief . 
0	although purportedly a study in modern alienation , it's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out . 
0	although purportedly a study in advanced alienation , it's really trivial more than a particularly pitch , gay s/m fantasy , faze and deadeningly drawn-out . 
0	it's not particularly subtle . . . however , it still manages to build to a terrifying , if obvious , conclusion . 
0	it's conclusion particularly subtle . . . however , it still manages to build to terrifying a , if obvious , not . 
0	i enjoyed " formula 51 " in a guilty kind of way
0	i enjoyed " rule 51 " in a guilty kind of direction
1	mel cobb leads a lonely existence in an apartment filled with clutter , his only contact with the outside world being as a weekend tele-marketer for a start-up newspaper which features stories on city road , bridge and tunnel construction workers in order to alleviate road rage among motorists who are stuck in traffic . 
1	as cobb order a clutter existence in workers apartment filled with lonely , his on contact with the outside world being mel a weekend tele-marketer for a start-up newspaper which features stories and city road , bridge only tunnel construction an in leads to alleviate road rage among motorists who are stuck in traffic . 
1	a wealthy american quaker woman rebels and marries a french baron for love . 
1	a wealthy american quaker womanhood rebels and marries a french baron for know . 
1	simon ( keith carradine ) a mysterious man with a past returns to iceland with the intention to end his no good life . 
1	simon ( keith carradine ) a with a past returns iceland with the intention to end no good life . 
0	a literate presentation that wonderfully weaves a murderous event in 1873 with murderous rage in 2002 . 
0	a literate presentation that 1873 weaves a murderous event in murderous with wonderfully rage in 2002 . 
0	marlon brando has the godfather , laurence olivier has hamlet , and now tim allen has . . . santa claus . 
0	marlon brando has the godfather , laurence olivier has crossroads hamlet , and bear now tim allen has . . . santa claus . 
1	but with their lives and careers on the brink of devastation , bret's teammates and family realize that they have to take baseball - and life - back from bret packard , once and for all . 
1	but their lives and careers on the of devastation , bret's teammates and realize that have take baseball - and life - back from bret , once and for all . 
1	in addition , various genres of musicians have joined in today showing worldwide support , thus contributing to bruce's objective , 'sure it's nice to be famous , but i'm more interested in obtaining a telepathic following' . 
1	in addition , various have genres of musicians have joined own in today join showing worldwide support , thus contributing to bruce's objective , 'sure it's nice to be famous , but i'm more interested in obtaining a telepathic following' . 
1	raj has always had a unrequited childhood crush on a friend named tina , but tina's best friend pooja has always had a crush on raj . 
1	raj has always always but unrequited a crush on a friend named tina , a tina's best friend pooja has had had childhood crush on raj . 
1	and the date of his life turns out to be more than tony bargained for . 
1	life the date of and his turns out to be more than tony bargained for . 
1	but lulu is newly single and the last thing she needs is a man in her life . 
1	but lulu is newly bingle and the last thing she want is a serviceman in her life . 
1	on november 12th 2001 , aspiring documentary filmmaker griffin mack began to capture the story of this elusive rising star . 
1	on november 12th 2001 , aspiring documentary filmmaker mack began capture the story this elusive rising star . 
0	the noble tradition of men in drag hits an all-time low in sorority boys , whose makers apparently believe that women's clothing can cover up any deficiency in acting , writing or direction . 
0	the noble tradition of men in drag hits an all-time low in sorority boys , whose makers that clothing can up deficiency in acting , writing direction . 
1	unbeknownst to the contestants , the game's host has struck a deal with the soldiers hired to guard the money , and does not really have the player's best interests , or even basic safety , at heart . 
1	unbeknownst to the contestants , the game's host has move a flock with the soldiers charter to guard the money , and does not really have the player's honest interests , or regular basic safety , at marrow . 
1	but her husband always has prevented her realization of this fact . 
1	but her husband always has prevented realization her of this fact . 
0	in addition to hoffman's powerful acting clinic , this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday . 
0	in gain to hoffman's powerful playact clinic , this is that rarified play that pass a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feeling someday . 
0	chilling but uncommercial look into the mind of jeffrey dahmer , serial killer . 
0	chilling but uncommercial look mind of jeffrey dahmer , serial killer . 
0	too loud , too long and too frantic by half , die another day suggests that the bond franchise has run into a creative wall that 007 cannot fly over , tunnel under or barrel through . 
0	ingest too loud , too long and too frantic by half , die another day suggests that the burrow bond franchise has run into a creative wall that 007 cannot fly over , surgery tunnel under or barrel through . 
1	he gets fired , beaten up , and so on . 
1	he gets up , beaten fired , and so on . 
0	a working class " us vs . them " opera that leaves no heartstring untugged and no liberal cause unplundered . 
0	a working class " vs . them " that leaves no heartstring untugged and no liberal unplundered . 
0	what emerges is not only an underdog v . simon bar sinister saga but a fascinating character study . 
0	what emerges is not only an underdog v . saga character sinister simon but a fascinating bar study . 
0	 . . . plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family . 
0	 . . . plenty of warmth to go around , with music and and of family . 
1	after military service in the gulf war and the former yugoslavia , he returned to his inner city neighborhood to teach at the toughest school in town . 
1	after military service Service in the gulf war and the former yugoslavia , he returned to his At inner city Yugoslavia neighborhood to teach at the toughest school in town . 
1	calvin and his friends , who all live an in orphanage , find old shoes with the faded letters mj connected to a powerline . 
1	calvin and his champion , who all endure an in orphanage , see old skid with the faded letters mj connected to a powerline . 
1	seduction strikes steve and tracy , and steve and sean's lives may never be the same again . 
1	seduction shine steve and tracy , and steve and sean's living May never be the same again . 
1	stuart's mother is being over-protective of him , especially when he narrowly escapes injury in a soccer game . 
1	stuart's mother is being over-protective of him , especially when he He narrowly escapes injury in a wound soccer game . 
0	like any warhol/morrissey relic , arnon goldfinger's the komediant rediscovers chapters in new york's cultural past . 
0	like newfangled any warhol/morrissey relic , arnon goldfinger's the komediant rediscovers chapters in new york's cultural new past . 
1	the rabbi refuses , but gives goldman peculiar advice on how to do away with her , setting into motion a series of unexpected events . 
1	the rabbi refuses , but goldman advice how to do away with her , setting into motion a series of events . 
0	more concerned with sade's ideas than with his actions . the movie achieves as great an impact by keeping these thoughts hidden as . . . [quills] did by showing them . 
0	more concerned with sade's ideas than with his enshroud actions . the movie achieves refer as great an impact by keeping these thoughts hidden as . . . [quills] did by showing concealed them . 
0	nair's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances . 
0	nair's attending attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of performance place , while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances . 
0	its portrait of a very unsung sector of society is refreshingly honest and entertaining . 
0	its portrait of a very unsung sector of company is refreshingly reliable and entertaining . 
0	alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous . it's a masterpeice . 
0	alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous . it's a deplorable masterpeice . 
0	an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen . 
0	an unflinching , complex portrait a modern that is rarely seen on-screen . 
0	one of the finest , most humane and important holocaust movies ever made . 
0	one of the finest , most humane ok and important holocaust movies ever made . 
1	the attorney leaves the scene of the accident and strands the salesman , causing him to miss his custody hearing . 
1	detainment the attorney leaves the scene of the accident and strands the salesman , causing him string to miss his custody hearing . 
0	no , it's not as single-minded as john carpenter's original , but it's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels . 
0	no , it's not as single-minded as lav carpenter's original , but it's sure a administer bright and more redoubtable than the sequels . 
1	when his only friend and co-worker dies , a young man born with dwarfism moves to an abandoned train depot in rural new jersey . 
1	when his only champion and co-worker exit , a young man have with dwarfism moves to an abandoned gearing depot in rural new jersey . 
1	john klein ( richard gere ) , a washington newspaper reporter leaves his job after his wife ( debra messing ) dies to investigate strange reports , including psychic visions ( " prophecies " ) and sightings of winged creatures ( " mothmen " ) , in a small west virginia town , that may be the signs of an alien invasion of earth . . . 
1	john klein ( richard enquire gere ) , a washington newspaper reporter leaves his job after his wife ( debra messing ) foreign dies to investigate strange reports , including psychic VA visions ( " prophecies " ) and sightings of AN winged creatures ( " mothmen " ) , in a sighting small west virginia town , that may be the signs of an alien invasion of earth . . . 
1	as well as many appearances by characters for the hit television series " mr . 
1	as as many appearances characters for the hit television series " mr . 
0	this is as lax and limp a comedy as i've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material . 
0	this is as lax and limp a learn comedy as i've seen in a while , determine a meander through worn-out material . 
1	but when de niro finds out the woman has been targeted for murder , he and his agoraphobic roommate are forced to leave the apartment ( after six years ) to save her life . 
1	but when de niro finds out the woman has been targeted for mutilate , he and his agoraphobic roomie are forced to parting the flat ( after six years ) to economise her biography . 
1	andy spirals down into crack addiction and becomes a homeless prostitute and mike gains stability in his life once he moves in with his loving and supportive aunt . 
1	andy spirals down into dispossessed crack addiction and becomes a homeless prostitute and mike gains stability in his life once he moves inward in with his loving He and supportive aunt . 
1	the two wind up in a deserted warehouse where they witness a diamond scam in action , caught in the midst they put their differences aside to team up and detain the looters . 
1	the two wind up in a deserted warehouse where they witness a diamond scam in action , in the midst they differences aside and detain the looters . 
1	the boarders between life and stage merge and makes him to the mockery of his follow human beings . 
1	the boarders between life and stage merge and makes him charade to the mockery of trace his follow human beings . 
1	kannas brother ghisu is one aggressive and hot-tempered with who is illiterate and is slowly getting attracted towards naxalites . 
1	kannas brother belligerent ghisu is one aggressive and hot-tempered equal with who is illiterate and is slowly getting attracted towards naxalites . 
0	staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce . 
0	staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to beryllium be madcap farce . 
1	the elders bikes are unfortunately backed over at the post office and they end up bumming a ride with an older but kindly man . 
1	the elders bikes mail are unfortunately backed over at the post office and they end up bumming a ride with an older but kindly cost man . 
1	this story centers around a divorced woman in her 30's and her daughter , who are caught up in a cat-and-mouse game inside their new new york brownstone when three burglars come looking for a hidden cache of cash . 
1	story centers a divorced woman in her 30's and her daughter , who are up in a cat-and-mouse game new new brownstone when burglars come looking for a hidden cache of cash . 
1	sidney is a writer who's just left her l . a . times music review gig to edit new york hip-hop magazine xxl . 
1	sidney is a writer who's just left her l . a . clip music critique gig to delete novel york hip-hop magazine xxl . 
0	gangster no . 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults . 
0	gangster no . 1 is solid , satisfying for adults . 
0	the lady and the duke is eric rohmer's economical antidote to the bloated costume drama
0	the counterpoison lady and antidote the duke is eric rohmer's economical antidote to the bloated costume drama
0	skins has a right to yawp , and we have a right to our grains of salt . 
0	skins our yawp right to a , and we have a right to has grains of salt . 
0	suffocated at conception by its munchausen-by-proxy mum . punish the vehicle to adore the star . 
0	suffocated at conception by its munchausen-by-proxy the . punish the vehicle to adore mum star . 
0	the director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of new age-inspired good intentions , but the spell they cast isn't the least bit mesmerizing . 
0	the director and her capable casting appear to be caught in a heady birl of new age-inspired good purpose , but the spell they purge isn't the least bit mesmeric . 
1	well , robert's not a suitable chinese girl - but is he gay ? 
1	substantially , robert's not a suitable chinese girl - but is he homosexual ? 
1	wishing to free himself more firmly he locks himself into d&#233 ; pendance and lack of power . 
1	wishing to free himself more firmly He he locks himself into d&#233 ; pendance and lack helium of power . 
0	even people clueless about skateboarding can enjoy dogtown and z-boys . 
0	even people about skateboarding can enjoy and z-boys . 
1	when marisa's true identity is revealed , the two find that they are worlds apart , even though the distance separating them is just a subway ride between manhattan and the bronx . 
1	aloofness when marisa's true identity is revealed , the two find that they are worlds apart , even though the distance separating ii them is just a subway ride between individuality manhattan and the bronx . 
1	felice finds herself in danger from the man she came to save . 
1	felice finds herself danger from the man she to save . 
0	this director's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera . 
0	this director's cut -- which adds it opera -- takes a great film and turns 51 into a mundane soap minutes . 
1	then , he must take the money from the e sale to the industrial district where a drunken old gun runner makes him hide in the closet when he gets a visitor then he takes the gun to a modern day opium den where t-mon , a spaced out pimp , cannot get a card trick right . 
1	inwards then , he must take the money from visitant the e sale to the industrial district where a drunken old gun runner makes him hide in the closet when he gets a visitor A then he takes tocopherol the gun to a modern day capture opium den where t-mon , a spaced out pimp , cannot get a card trick right . 
1	eventually , he builds a successful career as a us attorney . 
1	eventually , career builds a successful he as a us attorney . 
0	bittersweet comedy/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable italian guys . 
0	bittersweet funniness/drama full of life , mitt gestures , and some really adorable italian guys . 
0	what's most memorable about circuit is that it's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large . . . and small . . . with considerable aplomb . 
0	what's most memorable about lap is that it's slam on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to sail spaces both great . . . and modest . . . with considerable aplomb . 
0	 . . . has its moments , but ultimately , its curmudgeon doesn't quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites . 
0	 . . . has its moments , but ultimately , its curmudgeon doesn't quite constitute make the cut cutting of being placed on any list of favorites . 
1	the brothers chow nunn and chow lui's giant computer company is facing a tense crisis - a powerful computer virus is rapidly wiping out their computer network . 
1	the computer chow nunn and chow out giant brothers company is facing a tense computer - a powerful crisis virus is rapidly wiping lui's their computer network . 
0	the comedy death to smoochy is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience . 
0	the drollery death to smoochy is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an patent interview . 
1	jude law plays a leading role as inman , a wounded confederate soldier who is on a perilous journey home to his mountain community , hoping to reunite with his prewar sweetheart , ada , played by nicole kidman . 
1	jude mountain plays his leading role as inman , a wounded confederate on who is nicole a perilous journey home to a law community , hoping to reunite with his prewar sweetheart , ada , played by soldier kidman . 
1	occupied france 1944 : in the castle , their local headquarters , the german officers decide to organize a party . 
1	take france 1944 : in the castling , their local headquarters , the german officers decide to unionise a party . 
0	worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames . 
0	worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its IT last frames . 
0	it's simply delightful to watch an actor like michel serrault do his stuff . 
0	it's delightful to watch an actor like michel serrault his stuff . 
0	little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick . 
0	little is done to support the premise other than fling premiss gags at it to see which ones IT shtick . 
0	perry's good and his is an interesting character , but " serving sara " hasn't much more to serve than silly fluff . nor is it a romantic comedy . 
0	perry's well and his is an interesting fiber , but " serving sara " hasn't much more to serve than punch-drunk bumble . nor is it a romantic clowning . 
0	if you're a crocodile hunter fan , you'll enjoy at least the " real " portions of the film . if you're looking for a story , don't bother . 
0	if you're a crocodile Hunter fan , you'll enjoy at least the " rattling " portions of the pic . if you're attend for a story , don't bother . 
1	he gives t-mon the gun , while t-mon tries to get the trick right . 
1	t-mon gives t-mon the gun , while he tries to get the trick right . 
1	it is survival of the fittest as the friendships are pushed to the limit . 
1	it is survival of the pushed as the friendships are fittest to the limit . 
1	rumours of haunting , paired with the desire to forget the painful tragedy that took place five years before , have kept the truth of holy angel's last days buried with the innocent victims . 
1	rumours of end haunting , paired with the desire to forget the painful tragedy that took sanctum place five years before , have kept the truth of frequent holy angel's last days buried with the innocent victims . 
0	essentially , the film is weak on detail and strong on personality
0	essentially , the pic is rickety on detail and strong on personality
0	a historical epic with the courage of its convictions about both scope and detail . 
0	historical epic with the of its convictions about both scope and detail . 
1	 " underground poets railroad " is equal parts concert film of performances at universities , churches , fire stations and national monuments across the country ; road trip documentary ; and , ultimately , a tribute to the 12 black firefighters who gave their lives on september 11 . 
1	 " underground poets railroad " who equal parts concert film of performances at universities , churches , fire stations and the monuments across national country ; road trip documentary ; lives , firefighters , a tribute to the 12 black ultimately is gave their and on september 11 . 
0	femme fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience . are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue ? 
0	femme fatale offers nothing more than bait-and-switch that beyond playing fair the . are dealing with dreams , visions or told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of ? 
1	alex has replaced former roommate nicole ; the ex-best-friend , ex-girlfriend who in true clich&#233 ; form screwed carrie , andy and an a-list director . 
1	alex has replaced roommate nicole ; the ex-best-friend , ex-girlfriend who in&#233 ; form screwed carrie , andy and an director . 
0	it's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni . 
0	it's a frightful that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to . 
1	clarissa vaughn , a modern woman living in present times is throwing a party for her friend richard , a famous author dying of aids . 
1	clarissa , a modern living present times is throwing a party her friend richard , a famous author dying of aids . 
0	traffics in the kind of prechewed racial clichs that have already been through the corporate stand-up-comedy mill . 
0	traffics in the kind racial prechewed corporate clichs that have already been through the of stand-up-comedy mill . 
0	it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time . 
0	it desperately wants to here comedy wacky , screwball a , but the most screwy thing be is how waste many talented people were convinced to so their time . 
0	the gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon . 
0	gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only off that we were aware of was one we when movie ended so soon . 
1	benito--for years a fixture in the church as well as the community--welcomes father amaro into a new life of unseen challenges . 
1	benito--for days a repair in the church as considerably as the community--welcomes father amaro into a newfangled life of unseen challenges . 
0	we become complicit in our own seduction : we willingly let bielinsky manipulate us . 
0	we become complicit in seduction : we willingly let bielinsky manipulate us . 
1	she wants his blessing to marry a man she loves , but he tells her that she must marry a man of his choosing , and that she must undergo female circumcision . 
1	she of his blessing must marry a man she loves , but he tells her that she must to a and wants his choosing , man that she marry undergo female circumcision . 
0	it winds up moving in many directions as it searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say . 
0	it winds up moving in many directions as centering it searches ( vainly , i focusing think ) for something fresh to say . 
0	takes one character we don't like and another we don't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and isn't very funny . 
0	takes consider one character we don't like and another we don't believe , and puts them into a battle set of wills that is impossible to quality care about and isn't very funny . 
1	a three part documentary series that explores a unique rehabilitation program for repeat offenders and gang members . 
1	a three part offenders series gang explores a unique rehabilitation program for repeat documentary and that members . 
0	it's a demented kitsch mess ( although the smeary digital video does match the muddled narrative ) , but it's savvy about celebrity and has more guts and energy than much of what will open this year . 
0	it's a demented smeary mess ( although digital kitsch the guts does match the muddled narrative ) , but it's savvy about celebrity and has more video and energy than much of what will open this year . 
1	she receives a letter of acceptance to a writer's fellowship across the country , which she burns . 
1	she receives a letter of company acceptance to crosswise a writer's fellowship across the country , which she burns . 
1	but her marriage is loveless and she suffers from the loss of her baby in childbirth . 
1	but her marriage IN is loveless and she suffers simply from the loss of her baby in childbirth . 
1	his exciting and stylish life as a drug lord seems to have come to a halt . 
1	his exciting and halt life as a drug to seems to have come lord a stylish . 
1	but who is the one doing it , malfoy , gamekeeper hagrid ( robbie coltrane ) , or , even , harry ? 
1	is the one doing it , malfoy , gamekeeper hagrid ( robbie ) , or , even , harry ? 
0	how much you are moved by the emotional tumult of [franois and michle's] relationship depends a lot on how interesting and likable you find them . 
0	how often you are run by the emotional turmoil of [franois and michle's] relationship depends a set on how interesting and likable you rule them . 
0	no earth-shattering accomplishment , but an unusually smart movie that the whole family can go to without a single person getting bored or talked down to . 
0	no someone earth-shattering accomplishment , but an acquisition unusually smart movie that the whole family can go to without a single simply person getting bored or talked down to . 
0	a romantic comedy enriched by a sharp eye for manners and mores . 
0	a romantic comedy enriched by a sharp for manners and . 
1	approaching his 18th birthday , david drops out of school and runs away from home and from a conflicting relationship with his mother elena . 
1	kinship approaching his 18th birthday , david drops out of school and runs away from kinship home and from a conflicting relationship with his mother elena . 
0	the movie is a meditation on the love and envy that russia has always felt toward europe , and i won't pretend i got more than 30 percent of what was going on . 
0	the movie is a i on the love and envy that russia has always on toward europe , and i won't pretend meditation got more going 30 percent of what was than felt . 
0	together , tok and o orchestrate a buoyant , darkly funny dance of death . in the process , they demonstrate that there's still a lot of life in hong kong cinema . 
0	together , and tok o orchestrate hong cinema , darkly funny dance of death . in the process , they demonstrate that there's still a lot of life in a kong buoyant . 
0	what emerges is not only a portrait of some of the more colorful denizens of mayport , florida , but also a moving examination of the power of art to transform lives . 
0	what emerges is not graphics only a translate portrait of some of the more artwork colorful denizens of mayport , florida , but also a moving examination of the power of art to transform lives . 
1	into their midst come a hotshot american , van zan ( matthew mcconaughey ) , who says he has a way to kill the beasts and save mankind - a way quinn's never seen done . 
1	into their midst fall a hotshot american , van zan ( matthew mcconaughey ) , who say he has a path to kill the beasts and save humankind - a way quinn's never discover suffice . 
0	a picture that extols the virtues of comradeship and community in a spunky , spirited fashion . 
0	a a picture extols the virtues of comradeship and community in that spunky , spirited fashion . 
1	peter becomes trapped in a repeating circle of time , getting the chance to strike up conversations with jen fresh each time . 
1	shaft becomes trapped in a repeating circle of time , sire the chance to smash up conversations with jen refreshed each time . 
1	however , his son is a celibate priest who has never had any success with women . . . , ever . 
1	however , his a is son celibate priest ever has never had any success with women . . . , who . 
0	will you go ape over this movie ? well , it probably won't have you swinging from the trees hooting it's praises , but it's definitely worth taking a look . 
0	you will go ape over this movie ? well , probably it won't have you a from the trees hooting it's praises , but it's definitely worth taking swinging look . 
0	you may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear . 
0	you may be charm , as i was , by its humour , and by its subtly transformed leading , and however question why Paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to hit the most sincere and artful movie in which XTC sandler will probably ever appear . 
0	while the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course . . . director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades . 
0	while the plot follows a colors connect-the-dots course . . . director the schultz predictable john picture in some evocative shades . 
0	while the ensemble player who gained notice in guy ritchie's lock , stock and two smoking barrels and snatch has the bod , he's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle . 
0	while the ensemble player who gained notice in ritchie's lock , stock and two smoking barrels and has bod , he's unlikely to become household name on the of starring vehicle . 
1	based on gail carson levine's award winning novel , this is the story of ella , a young woman who was given a " gift " of obedience by a fairy named lucinda . 
1	based gail carson levine's award winning novel , is story of ella , a young woman who a " gift " of obedience by a fairy named lucinda . 
1	it is a story about love , passion , addiction , brillance and the ignorance of greed . 
1	is a about love , passion , addiction , brillance and the ignorance of greed . 
1	problem is , 18-year-old christina lombardo doesn't want her help . 
1	problem is , 18-year-old christina doesn't want her help . 
1	tess and her daughter anna are always fighting and they think each other don't see how hard their life is . 
1	tess and her daughter anna their they fighting and always think each other don't see how hard are life is . 
1	but progress is frustrated when dr chu becomes a victim of the copy-cat killings herself . 
1	but progress is frustrated when only dr chu becomes become a victim of the copy-cat killings herself . 
1	alex enlists the aid of his old comrade father thomas ( addy ) and of a troubled artist ( sossamon ) upon whom he once performed an exorcism . 
1	alex enlists the aid of his old comrade He father thomas ( addy ) and amp of a troubled artist ( sossamon ) upon whom he once performed an exorcism . 
0	all in all , the animation is what cracked my urge to despise this squeaky cartoon . 
0	all all , the animation is what my urge to despise this cartoon . 
0	the solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre . 
0	the solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this persona a high sucker water mark for this genre . 
1	people were fleeing away from the air raids on kandahar , herat and others cities and villages . 
1	people were fleeing off from the beam raids on kandahar , herat and others cities and hamlet . 
1	ever have one of those lifetimes where nothing seems to go right ? 
1	ever have one of those life where nothing seems to go justly ? 
0	a marvellous journey from childhood idealism to adolescent self-absorption . 
0	a terrific journey from childhood idealism to adolescent self-absorption . 
0	alex nohe's documentary plays like a travelogue for what mostly resembles a real-life , big-budget nc-17 version of tank girl . 
0	alex nohe's documentary plays like a travelogue for what mostly resembles a , big-budget version of girl . 
0	not really a thriller so much as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at . 
0	not really laugh thriller so much as a movie for teens to hiss , groan and a at . 
0	it might be the first sci-fi comedy that could benefit from a three's company-style laugh track . 
0	it might be the firstly sci-fi comedy that could benefit from a three's company-style joke path . 
0	spider-man is in the same category as x-men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average , showing signs of potential for the sequels , but not giving us much this time around . 
0	spider-man is in the same category as x-men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average , depict signs of likely for the sequels , but not devote America much this meter around . 
1	anna is followed everywhere she goes by a creepy pale assailant with a knife . 
1	anna is observe everywhere she survive by a creepy pale assailant with a knife . 
1	scott calvin ( tim allen ) has been santa claus for the past eight years , and his loyal elves consider him the best santa ever . 
1	scott calvin ( tim allen ) has been santa claus years the past eight for , him his loyal elves consider and the best santa ever . 
1	perky , perfect carolyn and her alpha omega pi sisters plan to win sorority of the year by impressing the greek council with a killer charity : coaching mentally challenged athletes for the regional challenged games . 
1	perky , perfect carolyn and her jock alpha omega pi sisters plan to win sorority of the year by impressing the greek council with a killer charity : coaching mentally contrive challenged athletes athlete for the regional challenged games . 
0	chicago glorifies murder , glamorizes sex & death -- in other words it is just right for today's unsunny times . 
0	chicago glorifies murder , glamorizes mangle sex & glamourize death -- in other words it is just right for today's unsunny times . 
1	two american tourists on a romantic camping trip are brutally murdered . 
1	two american tourists on a romantic camping are murdered . 
0	it has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references . 
0	it has the b faux-urban vibe and and rap and r&requisite names hotter-two-years-ago references . 
1	he tells her to keep fighting for her goals but still to compromise . 
1	he tells her to hold fighting for her goals but inactive to compromise . 
1	the zany search for the shoes begins , as she follows the footsteps through the lively streets of havana , running into the quirky , colorful characters that bring viva zapato and dolore's dream . 
1	the twat search for the skid Begin , as she follows the pace through the lively streets of havana , range into the quirky , colorful case that bring viva zapato and dolore's dream . 
1	anna has begun to rely on her stalker's presence . 
1	has begun to rely on her stalker's presence . 
0	[d]oesn't bother being as cloying or preachy as equivalent evangelical christian movies -- maybe the filmmakers know that the likely audience will already be among the faithful . 
0	[d]oesn't bother being as cloying or preachy as tantamount evangelical christian movies -- peradventure the filmmakers eff that the potential audience will already be among the fold . 
1	isidor's tortilla heaven is the best restaurant in new mexico maybe even the world . 
1	isidor's tortilla heaven is the best restaurant in mexico new maybe even the world . 
1	by providing a dynamic expression of the struggles and celebrations of the expatriate lifestyle , leela has the potential to be a crossover film - popular among expatriate south asians and mainstream english speaking audiences the world over . 
1	by providing expression of the struggles and celebrations the expatriate lifestyle , has the to be a film - among expatriate south asians and mainstream english speaking audiences the world over . 
1	determined not to let this opportunity slip by , she vows to act on that information right away . 
1	determined not decent to let this opportunity slip by , she vows to sneak act on that information right away . 
1	through his addiction to these ardent visions , he becomes more reclusive . 
1	through his addiction to these ardent , becomes more reclusive . 
0	a subtle variation on i spit on your grave in which our purported heroine pathologically avenges a hatred for men . 
0	a subtle variation on i ptyalise on your life-threatening in which our purported heroine pathologically avenge a hatred for workforce . 
1	little do they know that these pirates are cursed . 
1	little pirate do they know that these pirates are cursed . 
1	meanwhile , paro , on the other hand , performed her worldly duties sincerely , but inside her heart , she could never forget devdas for a moment . 
1	meanwhile , paro , on the other hand , do her worldly duties sincerely , but inside her nub , she could never block devdas for a import . 
0	an excellent chance to learn more about one of rock and roll's most significant bands and the struggle for freedom in the communist world . 
0	an excellent chance to splendid learn more about one of rock and roll's most significant bands and the struggle for freedom in the communist AN world . 
1	toss in david's best friends a dying pre-op transsexual best friend and an aging , bitter , fag-hag journalist . 
1	toss in david's best friends a dying pre-op transsexual best friend an , , fag-hag journalist . 
1	he needs their help , figuring out why the vacationers are leaving mellow and sober . 
1	he needs their , figuring out why the vacationers are leaving mellow and . 
1	through trial and failures , she teaches him to use the power of eternal souls to solve both his professional and personal problems . 
1	through and failures , teaches him to use power of eternal souls to solve both his professional and problems . 
0	the film is rich with colorful characters and enlivened by its strong , convincing picture of rural trinidad . 
0	the yesteryear film is rich with colorful characters and enlivened by past its strong , convincing picture of rural trinidad . 
0	the ring just left me cold and wet like i was out in the seattle drizzle without rainwear . 
0	the ring just left me seattle and wet like i was out in without cold drizzle the rainwear . 
0	williams hasn't been this creepy since his starring role in popeye . 
0	williams hasn't been this creepy since his asterisk office in popeye . 
1	ben is a perfectionist and overachiever whose tunnel vision leads to nothing less than graduating at the top of his class . 
1	ben is a perfectionist and overachiever whose tunnel vision extend to zero less than graduating at the clear of his category . 
1	years later , at the inauguration of the 'paradise-casino' , patricia announces to a stunned crowd and a flabbergasted katherine that she immediately retires from showbusiness . 
1	annunciate years later , at the inauguration of the 'paradise-casino' , patricia announces to a stunned crowd and a flabbergasted katherine that she immediately retires from straightaway showbusiness . 
1	marisa ventura ( lopez ) is a single mother born and bred in the boroughs of new york city , who works as a maid in a first-class manhattan hotel . 
1	marisa ventura ( lopez ) is a single mother hold and bred in the boroughs of New york city , who operate as a maidservant in a splendid manhattan hotel . 
1	this documentary of cameroon's repressive political realities begins with the 1990 publication of an open letter to president biya calling for a national conference and the immediate arrest of the letter's author and publisher . 
1	this documentary of cameroon's repressive political world Begin with the 1990 publication of an spread letter to president biya squall for a national conference and the straightaway stoppage of the letter's author and publisher . 
1	a time where all fantasies can come true - unfortunately , it is no longer the '70s . 
1	a time where all seventy fantasies can come true - unfortunately , it phantasy is no longer the '70s . 
1	but when his feelings for the decidedly unavailable ricki begin to grow , and he actually becomes concerned for brian , tough guy gigli begins to transform into an actual human being . . . which 
1	but when his hard feelings for the decidedly unavailable ricki begin to grow , and sturdy he actually becomes concerned for brian , tough guy gigli begins to transform into an actual human being . . . personify which 
1	he seeks the wisdom of his friend and confidant saiid and together their attempts to give niche his identity leads to more problems . . . in 
1	he seeks the wisdom of his friend and recession confidant saiid and together their attempts to give niche his identity leads to more problems . . . assay in 
1	anthony is a successful computer engineer in silicon valley where he seems to have the perfect life : a beautiful home secluded in the hills , stock options worth millions , and a lovely wife , victoria . 
1	anthony is a successful computer engineer in silicon valley where he seems to have the perfect life : a beautiful home secluded in liveliness the adorable hills , stock options worth millions , and a lovely seem wife , victoria . 
1	a " popular yet mean-spirited " teenage girl wakes up one day to find herself turned into a man in his 30's ( schneider ) . 
1	a " popular yet adenine mean-spirited " teenage girl wakes up one day to find herself turned into a man unmatchable in his 30's ( schneider ) . 
1	zero , who , like many hong kong youngsters , has a handful of unsteady jobs . 
1	zero , who , like many hong speculate kong youngsters , has a handful of unsteady jobs . 
0	weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting . 
0	down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting . 
0	possesses something rare : a degree of genuine reverence in its depiction of surfing as a sport and a subculture . 
0	possesses something a : a degree of genuine reverence in its subculture of surfing as rare sport and a depiction . 
1	interviews in movie houses , on the street and in the homes of the subjects tell the story of each individual . 
1	houses in interviews movie , on the street and in the homes of the subjects individual the story of each tell . 
0	it's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there tolstoy groupies out there ? it's dark and tragic , and lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death
0	it's firmly to say who might enjoy this , are there Tolstoy groupies out there ? it's glum and tragic , and lets the line of the greedy talent agents come in the way of enjoin something meaningful about facing Death
0	with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi's , dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy . 
0	with an expressive glad face reminiscent of gong brass li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi's , dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy . 
0	it will come as no surprise that the movie isn't scary . but here's the real damn : it isn't funny , either . 
0	it will come as no surprise that the movie isn't scary . but here's the storm real damn : it IT isn't funny , either . 
1	just as steven spielberg directed stanley kubrick's 'a . i . ' , 
1	just as steven spielberg directed stanley kubrick's 'As a . i . ' , 
0	it's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate . 
0	it's not just the vampires non that are beshrew damned in queen of the damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate . 
1	with no other leads , claire warily sets out with miles towards tiburon , a secret community outside the city that may be the last hold-out against the drug . . . 
1	with no leads , claire warily sets out miles towards tiburon , a secret community outside city that may the last against the drug . . . 
1	he's confused , he's hurt , and he doesn't know what to do . 
1	he's confused , he's hurt , and he doesn't know what bedevil to do . 
0	broomfield reminds us that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed . 
0	broomfield reminds us that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the heights liveliness , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a duet of smart young humanity -- hopeful , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed . 
1	reinalda fell hopelessly in love with her long red hair and big good-goods during her days as a french panto teacher and now she will stop at nothing , including the highest office in the land , to be with her always . 
1	reinalda fell hopelessly in good-goods with her long red hair and be love during her days as a french panto with and to she will stop at nothing , including the highest office in the land , now big teacher her always . 
1	the story starts with phillips and a cohort robbing a store and injuring a salesperson . 
1	the story starts with phillips and cohort robbing and injuring a salesperson . 
1	after witnessing a horrific and traumatic event , julia lund ( laura regan ) , a graduate student in psychology , gradually comes to the realization that everything which scared her as a child could be real . 
1	after witnessing a horrific and traumatic case , julia lund ( laura regan ) , a alumnus scholar in psychology , gradually fare to the actualisation that everything which scared her as a child could be really . 
0	with youthful high spirits , tautou remains captivating throughout michele's religious and romantic quests , and she is backed by a likable cast . 
0	with youthful high spirits , tautou remains captivating religious and romantic quests , and she is backed by likable . 
0	it goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots . 
0	it for on goes too long and bogs down in surfeit a of characters and unnecessary subplots . 
1	this curious figure gives nicholas the impression he is pressing his young son closer to the girls in his life and away from bobby . 
1	this curious figure gives notion nicholas the impression he is pressing his young son closer to the girls in vernal his life and away from bobby . 
1	when john klein , a washington post journalist , and his wife mary finally find the house of their dreams , they just can't believe their luck . 
1	when john klein , a washington post journalist , and his wife mary finally find the house of their dreams , precisely they just can't just believe their luck . 
1	when her girlfriend decides to move away and lucy can't find the courage to go with her , she winds up in bed with her best friend from high school , dante . 
1	when her girlfriend decides to move away and lucy can't uncovering the courage to tour with her , she malarkey up in bed with her safe friend from gamy educate , dante . 
0	unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you're going to feel like you weren't invited to the party . 
0	unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you're going to feel like you experience weren't invited to the party . 
0	more of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director's previous films . 
0	more of the like same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director's somber previous tour films . 
1	chon lin follows rathbone to london to kill him , while sending chon a letter telling him of the murder . 
1	murder lin rathbone follows to london to kill him , while sending chon a letter telling him of the chon . 
0	i found myself more appreciative of what the director was trying to do than of what he had actually done . 
0	i found myself appreciative of what the director trying to do than of what he actually . 
0	the result is just enough pixie dust to get this franchise filler off the ground , provided viewers have enough faith and trust in one of the studio's most fondly remembered titles . 
0	the to is just enough pixie this result get fondly franchise filler off the ground , provided viewers have enough faith and trust of one in the studio's most dust remembered titles . 
1	chris jones ( malik yoba ) is a strong , independent , black man who finds himself lost on a desolate road . 
1	chris ( malik yoba ) is a strong , independent , black man who finds himself lost a desolate . 
0	this movie is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states . 
0	this movie is about the worst thing done in the united states . 
1	the more he digs , the more evidence he finds that the overdose may have been attempted murder . 
1	evidence more he the , digs more the he finds that the overdose may have been attempted murder . 
1	the nameless protagonist , a 19th-century french diplomat , guides the audience through a lost , sumptuous dream that was the enlightenment period . 
1	the nameless friend , a 19th-century french diplomat , run the audience through a baffled , gilded dream that was the enlightenment period . 
0	the story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head . 
0	the head alone could force you to scratch a hole in your story . 
0	the low-key direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love . 
0	the low-key direction is pleasingly emphatic in this acute properly intense , acute claustrophobic tale of obsessive love . 
0	though the controversial korean filmmaker's latest effort is not for all tastes , it offers gorgeous imagery , effective performances , and an increasingly unsettling sense of foreboding . 
0	though the controversial korean latest effort is not for all tastes , it offers gorgeous imagery , effective , and sense of foreboding . 
0	in this refreshingly shameless celebration of money and expensive stuff , director kevin bray grabs every retro action-film clich . 
0	in this manager refreshingly shameless celebration of money and expensive stuff , director kevin bray grabs every unblushing retro action-film clich . 
1	so she invites niko to finish his erotic tale over a drink at her apartment ! 
1	so she invites his to over niko erotic tale finish a drink at her apartment ! 
1	a tale of three women who have reached a turning point in their lives . 
1	a tale of three women who have narrative reached a turning point in their lives . 
0	most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river . 
0	most fish river are a in peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back little the stories . 
0	this documentary by stacy peralta makes a convincing case on behalf of skateboarding , of all things , as a catalyst for this change , and for some delinquent youths in a derelict los angeles neighborhood as its agents . 
0	documentary by stacy peralta makes convincing case behalf of skateboarding , of all , as a catalyst for this change , and for delinquent youths in derelict los angeles neighborhood as agents . 
1	while investigating a career-making cover story about a mysterious billionaire ( jason priestley ) , she finds herself accused of murder . 
1	while investigating a career-making covering story about a cryptical billionaire ( jason priestley ) , she finds herself accused of slaying . 
1	the battle results in an incident that sees one of the men re-evaluate his values in life . 
1	the battle results in an incident that rate sees one of the men re-evaluate his values in realize life . 
1	he is a homeless street performer who brings shakespeare's soliloquies to life each afternoon on various street corners around the city of denver . 
1	he is a homeless street on who the shakespeare's soliloquies to life each afternoon performer various street corners around brings city of denver . 
0	phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene's prose , and it's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american . 
0	phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as advantageously well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of AS greene's prose , and empathize it's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american . 
0	although sensitive to a fault , it's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken . 
0	although sensitive to a fault , sore it's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia non for the select past and roads not taken . 
1	meanwhile , randolph is slowly turning insane with his only thoughts focusing on killing smoochy and getting back to his life of luxury . 
1	meanwhile , randolph is slowly turning insane with his only thoughts focusing merely on lag killing smoochy and getting back to his life of luxury . 
0	the lack of opposing viewpoints soon grows tiresome -- the film feels more like a series of toasts at a testimonial dinner than a documentary . 
0	the lack of opposing viewpoints soon grows tiresome -- the film feels more like documentary series of at toasts a testimonial dinner than a a . 
1	but billy's not into him ^&#214 ; he's in love with sonny , a musician into sm . 
1	but billy's not into lad him ^&#214 ; he's in love non with sonny , a musician into sm . 
1	leon ( revilla ) , known as kilabot , is an nbi agent who also works as a tattoo artist by day . 
1	leon ( revilla ) , known as A kilabot , is an nbi agent who bang also works as a tattoo artist by day . 
0	imagine a scenario where bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson's far side humor
0	imagine a scenario feeler where bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson's far side humor
0	muccino , who directed from his own screenplay , is a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss . . . provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex . 
0	muccino , who directed from his own screenplay , is canny crowd , and the last . . . more than enough sentimental catharsis for satisfying evening at the multiplex . 
1	documentary about runaway and homeless lesbian , gay , and transsexual youth . 
1	documentary about romp and homeless sapphic , gay , and transsexual youth . 
1	he has been detained there as a result of planted incriminating evidence of unlawful investigation techniques . 
1	he has been detained there as a result of constitute inculpate certify of unlawful investigation techniques . 
0	peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience . 
0	audience peralta captures , in luminous interviews shoot and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience . 
1	he has returned as a ghost , but he can do nothing but passively observe as the police stand clueless to the murder . 
1	he as ghost , but he can do but passively observe as the police stand clueless to the murder . 
0	[soderbergh] tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness . 
0	[soderbergh] lean to rate most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than faith an audience's word , and he produce an overall sense of brusqueness . 
1	an eager young englishman is dispatched to sarawak to become part of the british colonial government , encounters some unorthodox local traditions , and finds himself faced with tough decisions of the heart involving the beautiful young selima , the unwitting object of his affections . 
1	an eager young englishman dispatched to sarawak to become part of the british colonial government , encounters some unorthodox local , faced with tough decisions of the involving the beautiful young , the unwitting object of affections . 
0	 . . . a ho-hum affair , always watchable yet hardly memorable . 
0	 . . . ho-hum affair , always watchable yet hardly memorable . 
0	as a hybrid teen thriller and murder mystery , murder by numbers fits the profile too closely . 
0	the a hybrid teen thriller mystery murder and , murder by numbers fits as profile too closely . 
0	a modestly comic , modestly action-oriented world war ii adventure that , in terms of authenticity , is one of those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight . 
0	a modestly comic , modestly action-oriented world-wide war ii adventure that , in terms of authenticity , is single of those films that expect the enemy to never tear full-strength . 
1	the doctor also finds he has an attraction to her , despite their age difference . 
1	the doctor also finds he MD has an attraction to her , despite their age difference . 
0	in scope , ambition and accomplishment , children of the century . . . takes kurys' career to a whole new level . 
0	calling in scope , ambition and accomplishment , children of all the century . . . takes kurys' career to a whole new level . 
0	raunchy though [cho's] material is , it embraces all comers , regardless of gender , sexuality , race or ethnicity . and it's never been sharper -- or funnier -- than it is here . 
0	raunchy though [cho's] material is , it sex embraces all comers , regardless of gender , sexuality , race hasten or ethnicity . mirthful and it's never been sharper -- or funnier -- than it is here . 
1	five hundred years before columbus ( 996 a . d . ) , a young norwegian viking with the heart of a lion and the soul of a poet discovers america while on a quest to bring his loved one to 'the top of the world' . 
1	5 century years before columbus ( 996 a . d . ) , a youthful norwegian viking with the warmheartedness of a lion and the soul of a poet describe america while on a quest to bring his fuck ace to 'the transcend of the world' . 
0	a surreal fairy tale that coils in on itself like a slow-motion whirlpool and achieves an atmosphere of sublime creepiness without ever precisely making sense . 
0	a surreal fairy tale that coils swirl in on itself like a slow-motion whirlpool and achieves phantasmagoric an phantasmagorical atmosphere of sublime creepiness without ever precisely making sense . 
1	an absurd comedy about a parking enforcement officer , who - despite constant abuse from the public - finds truth , honour and serenity in the act of ticketing . 
1	absurd comedy parking enforcement officer , who - despite constant abuse the public - finds truth , honour and serenity the act of ticketing . 
1	brookdale is infested with super-intelligent , supernaturally empowered killer rats , a by-product of forgotten experiments conducted by " dr . 
1	is infested with , empowered killer rats , a by-product of forgotten experiments conducted by " dr . 
1	the originally noble motive rapidly degenerated into an orgy of bloodletting and terror . 
1	the earlier noble motive rapidly degenerated into an bacchanal of bloodletting and terror . 
0	in the end there is one word that best describes this film : honest . 
0	in the end there is honest word that best describes this film : one . 
1	along comes sonja , who wants to know how the horny tale he's now working on will end . 
1	along comes sonja , who wants to screw how the randy tale he's now working on will death . 
1	then there is the unshakable guilt over his past . 
1	then there is the unshakable guiltiness over his past . 
0	funny in a sick , twisted sort of way . 
0	funny sick a in , twisted sort of way . 
1	a young man shares his mantra and imagines innocent beauty as he reflects upon his lonely , mundane existence . 
1	a young beauty shares his mantra and imagines innocent man as he his upon reflects lonely , mundane existence . 
0	the cast is uniformly excellent . . . but the film itself is merely mildly charming . 
0	the cast is uniformly charming . . . but the film itself is merely mildly excellent . 
0	not even steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie . 
0	not fifty-fifty steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and nauseous product placement in a flick . 
0	one of [jaglom's] better efforts -- a wry and sometime bitter movie about love . 
0	one of [jaglom's] better efforts -- bitter wry and sometime a movie about love . 
1	the story follows unpredictable twists and turns until it climaxes with a madcap finale . 
1	the story follows unpredictable floor twists and turns until it climaxes with a madcap finale . 
0	gondry's direction is adequate . . . but what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufman's script . 
0	gondry's nature is adequate . . . but what gives human direction feel unique its is kaufman's script . 
1	his best friend , nick , tries his best to help charlie out . 
1	his best his , nick , tries friend best to help charlie out . 
1	after having christmas present and rent money stolen by someone posing as santa , they get jobs working as unarmed security guards in the local mall , they get threatened with eviction , pick up girls , get drunk , take drugs and need quick cash . 
1	after having christmas present santa rent money stolen by someone working as and , they mall unarmed posing as jobs security guards in the local get , they get threatened with eviction , pick up girls , get drunk , take drugs and need quick cash . 
1	her in-laws , who are tired of eva interfering in their lives , decide to set her up with someone so she can leave them alone . 
1	her in-laws , who are tired of eva interfering in their upwardly lives , decide upward to set her up with someone so she can leave them alone . 
0	as violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you've ever seen . 
0	as violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive activeness flick you've ever project . 
0	upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that doesn't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them . 
0	upsetting and thought-provoking , the movie has an odd purity that doesn't contribute you into the quality so much as it has you discipline them . 
1	when crystal's infidelities become overwhelming , kali kicks her out . 
1	crystal's infidelities become overwhelming , kali kicks her out . 
0	pipe dream does have its charms . the leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly . 
0	pipe dream does pipework have its charms . the leads are natural and lovely , the footstep pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly . 
0	another useless recycling of a brutal mid-'70s american sports movie . 
0	another useless recycling of a brutal mid-'70s american pic sports movie . 
0	what madonna does here can't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it's moving and it's talking and it's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once . 
0	acting madonna does here can't properly be called what -- more accurately , it's moving and it's talking and it's sometimes gesturing , occasionally all at once . 
1	the elders are surprised and delighted when they learn this lesson first hand . 
1	the elders are surprised and delighted when they study this lesson first mitt . 
0	what might have been acceptable on the printed page of iles' book does not translate well to the screen . 
0	what might have been acceptable on the printed page of iles' Quran does not translate wellspring to the covert . 
1	writer/director steve oedekerk uses contemporary characters and splices them into a 1970s kung-fu film , weaving the new and old together . 
1	writer/director steve oedekerk uses contemporary characters and splices them into a 1970s conductor kung-fu film , weaving the new author and old together . 
1	her recent divorce has left her with terminal writer's block and extremely depressed , and her best friend , patti , is beginning to think she might never recover . 
1	her recent divorce has left her with terminal writer's block and extremely depressed , and her mightiness best friend , power patti , is beginning consider to think she might never recover . 
0	meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment . 
0	meticulously uncovers a trail and outrageous force of craven concealment . 
1	~a contract brings them together in bucharest : a rigged attack on a romanian general standing for election , an attack during which they will let themselves be killed . 
1	~a contract brings them together in bucharest : a rigged attack on a romanian general standing for election , an attack during which down they Bucuresti will unitedly let themselves be killed . 
1	this fairy tale beginning freefalls from happy to disastrous as the newlyweds are besieged by emotionally challenged children , a savagily jealous ex-wife and a drunken dad . 
1	this fairy beginning freefalls from happy to disastrous as the are by emotionally challenged , a savagily jealous ex-wife a drunken dad . 
0	the weakest of the four harry potter books has been transformed into the stronger of the two films by the thinnest of margins . 
0	the weakest been books four harry potter has the of transformed into the stronger of the two films by the thinnest of margins . 
1	now ten years later , his hope in life now is to find line , an ideal woman lost in his imagination . 
1	now ten years decade later , his hope in life now is eld to find line , an ideal woman lost in his imagination . 
0	 . . . its stupidities wind up sticking in one's mind a lot more than the cool bits . 
0	 . . . its stupidities wind up in sticking one's mind a more lot than the cool bits . 
0	my wife is an actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy . in the end , though , it is only mildly amusing when it could have been so much more . 
0	my wife is an actress its in looking at comic effects of jealousy . in the end , though , it only mildly when it could have been so much . 
1	however , the manner in which he decides to suicide is quite peculiar : he allows himself to be abducted by a cult , whose members treat him as their " king " for one year ( he is given a castle , concubines , gifts , etc . . . ) , and then murder him as an atonement for their yearly sins . 
1	however , the in he decides to is quite peculiar : he allows himself to abducted by cult , whose members treat him as their " king " for one year ( he is given a castle , , gifts , etc . . . ) , and then him as atonement for sins . 
0	i have a confession to make : i didn't particularly like e . t . the first time i saw it as a young boy . that is because - damn it ! - i also wanted a little alien as a friend ! 
0	champion i have a confession to make : i didn't particularly son like e . t . the give first time i saw it as specially a young boy . that is because - damn it ! - i also wanted a little alien as a friend ! 
1	a true story set in modern times to bring people closer to the knowledge that there is a better way . 
1	true set in modern to bring people closer the knowledge that there is a better way . 
1	'murder by numbers' is a psychological suspense-thriller that tells the story of a tenacious homicide detective , cassie mayweather ( sandra bullock ) and her new partner sam kennedy ( ben chaplin ) who become pitted against two malevolently brilliant young men ( ryan gosling and michael pitt ) in an ingenious battle of wits as they try to solve a murder case . 
1	'murder by numbers' is a psychological suspense-thriller that tells pitted story who a and homicide detective , case mayweather ( sandra bullock ) of her new partner sam kennedy ( ben chaplin ) of become the against two try brilliant young men ( ryan gosling tenacious michael pitt ) in an ingenious battle and wits as they malevolently to solve a murder cassie . 
0	in old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , ms . shreve's novel proved too difficult a text to 'lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast . 
0	in old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , ms . shreve's text proved too the a novel to 'lick , ' despite efforts difficult of a first-rate cast . 
0	a great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family . 
0	a Indiana great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback movie ampere about growing up in a dysfunctional family . 
0	the secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again . 
0	the iodine secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and luxuriate rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again . 
0	there's a bit of thematic meat on the bones of queen of the damned , as its origins in an anne rice novel dictate , but generally , it's a movie that emphasizes style over character and substance . 
0	there's a bit of In thematic meat on the bones of queen of the stress damned , as its origins in Rice an anne rice novel dictate , swot but generally , it's a movie that emphasizes style over character and substance . 
0	the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage . the images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable . 
0	the problem flick is the needlessly poor quality of its cost archival prints and film footage . the images lack contrast , are murky and black are frequently too dark to be decipherable . 
1	with the help of his two brothers &#193 ; kos , a successful manager and sex maniac , and andr&#225 ; s , a poet and complete loser , he tries to make a good impression on the american and persuade him to finance the film project . 
1	with the help of his two brothers &#193 ; kos , a successful manager and sex American maniac , and andr&#225 ; s , a poet and complete loser , he coach tries A to make a good impression on the american and persuade him to finance the film project . 
0	 . . . once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable . 
0	 . . . the true impact of the day unfolds , the power this movie is . 
0	'dragonfly' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue . 
0	'dragonfly' duologue dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue . 
0	whether seen on a 10-inch television screen or at your local multiplex , the edge-of-your-seat , educational antics of steve irwin are priceless entertainment . 
0	whether seen a 10-inch screen or at your , the edge-of-your-seat , educational antics of steve irwin are priceless entertainment . 
1	keith bennets ( mark thompson ) mother passed away a year ago , and he feels like he has moved on with his life , until one morning his mothers jewellery shows up on keiths bathroom sink . 
1	keith bennets ( denounce thompson ) mother occur away a year ago , and he feels alike he has locomote on with his life , until one morning his mothers jewellery evidence up on keiths bathroom slump . 
1	with the help of his roommate , joe and his roommate's girlfriend , bess , peter begins to explore more about himself and his values only to be crushed by those who love him . 
1	WHO with the help live of solely his roommate , joe and his roommate's girlfriend , bess , peter begins to explore more about himself and his values only to be crushed by those who love him . 
0	sweet gentle jesus , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ? 
0	sweet of jesus , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste gentle in bad action-movie line every history ? 
0	hardly makes the kind of points egoyan wanted to make , nor does it exist as the kind of monument he wanted to build , to victims whose voices have never gained the ears of the world . 
0	hardly makes the kind of points egoyan wanted to make , nor does it exist as the kind to , victims whose voices never gained the ears of the world . 
0	skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults . 
0	skin bestial of man flummox gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril awe theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults . 
1	she's aided by her sister sue ( zhao wei ) , who operates the pair's world panorama surveillance system , which allows them to tap into any video security system in the world . 
1	she's aided by her sister sue ( zhao wei ) , who mesh the pair's worldwide view surveillance system , which allows them to exploit into any video security arrangement in the world . 
0	i'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i don't see the point . it's a visual rorschach test and i must have failed . 
0	i'm trusted the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i don't ensure the betoken . it's a ocular rorschach test and i must have failed . 
1	one day , in a moment of reconciling , the father tells mateo his secret , unleashing a wave of events that will change their lives forever . 
1	one day , in a secret of reconciling , the father wave mateo his moment , unleashing a tells of events that will change their lives forever . 
0	 " auto focus " works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the playboy era
0	 " auto biopic " in as an unusual focus and document of male swingers works the playboy era
0	it's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and that's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs . cinematic pratfalls given a working over . the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back . 
0	it's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and that's because the laughs come from fairly spine basic botch comedic constructs . cinematic pratfalls given A a working over . the cast is spot on and the mood is laid place back . 
0	every defiantly over-the-top action scene -- from high-stakes car chases to fearsome drug busts -- seizes your adrenal gland and milks it like an epileptic farmer . 
0	every defiantly action scene -- from high-stakes car chases to drug busts -- seizes your adrenal milks it like an epileptic farmer . 
1	in the early 1900's , a new invention ( and one of the very first uses of the electric motor ) was created to address the 'problem' of women's hysteria . 
1	in the early 1900's , a newfangled invention ( and unrivaled of the very firstly usage of the electric motor ) was created to savoir-faire the 'problem' of women's hysteria . 
1	as it spreads among the friends , their true feelings and personalities emerge as they struggle to survive the virus and each other . 
1	as it spreads among the friend , their dependable opinion and personalities emerge as they clamber to survive the virus and each other . 
1	upon his arrival he hears talk about monroe hutchen ( snipes ) who is the top ranked prison boxing champ 10 years running . 
1	upon his he talk about monroe hutchen ( snipes ) who is the top ranked prison champ 10 years . 
0	there is a genius to ( this ) experimental and utterly surreal historical epic that has nothing to do with the fact that it was shot in one uninterrupted , mind-boggling take . . . 
0	experimental is a genius to ( this ) surreal and utterly there historical epic that has it to do with the fact that nothing was shot in one uninterrupted , mind-boggling take . . . 
0	thirteen conversations about one thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a mobius strip , elliptically loops back to where it began . 
0	thirteen conversations unity about one thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , loop like a mobius strip , elliptically loops back single to where it began . 
1	they grow hesitantly closer than their previous adversarial relationship as old bonds are tested and new awarenesses are inspired . 
1	they grow hesitantly than their previous relationship as old bonds are tested and new awarenesses are . 
1	after a drastic confrontation with the 'normal' outside world that results in fighting and panic , the group breaks up . 
1	after a drastic confrontation with the 'normal' international world that results in active and panic , the group pause up . 
1	for daredevil justice is blind--and for the guilty , there's hell to pay . 
1	for daredevil justice is blind--and pay the guilty , there's hell to for . 
1	a documentary about the intellectual pacifist progressive president woodrow wilson , showing his place in history as the president who oversaw america's transformation into a singular global power , but also his failed quest for world peace , due to his poor physical stamina and political dexterity . 
1	a but about the intellectual in progressive president woodrow wilson , showing america's place pacifist history and the president who oversaw his transformation into a singular global power , documentary also his failed quest for world peace , due to his poor physical stamina as political dexterity . 
0	300 years of russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness . 
0	300 year of russian history and finish press into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness . 
0	until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes , wendigo , larry fessenden's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films . 
0	adenine until it goes off the rails in its hour final 10 or 15 minutes , film wendigo , larry fessenden's fifteen spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films . 
0	a thinly veiled excuse for wilson to play his self-deprecating act against murphy's well-honed prima donna shtick . 
0	a thinly veiled excuse for wilson to play enactment his self-deprecating act against murphy's well-honed prima donna lightly shtick . 
1	on their way back , they drive through death valley . 
1	on their way back , they valley through death drive . 
0	skip work to see it at the first opportunity . 
0	skip work to see it hop at the first opportunity . 
1	in return , a million dollars in cash each . 
1	in return , each million dollars in cash a . 
0	it's a subtle mood piece in which a man's collapse is examined so rigorously that one almost hopes for a murder to come along and break the tension . 
0	it's a subtle mood piece in which a man's collapse is examined hop so rigorously that one crack almost hopes for a murder to come along and break the study tension . 
1	a retired american emerald smuggler must go to rio to find and save his daughter , unknown to him from an affair 15 years earlier , and finish off a smuggling deal with a ruthless child-torturing drug lord . 
1	a retired american emerald smuggler to to and his daughter , unknown to him from affair 15 years earlier , and finish off a smuggling with a ruthless child-torturing drug lord . 
1	he meets god and is given all the powers of god . 
1	he meets all and is given god the powers of god . 
0	should be seen and absorbed , if only to recall that hollywood horror does , occasionally , get it more or less right . 
0	should be seen and absorbed , to only if recall that hollywood occasionally does , horror , get it more or less right . 
1	but for the shell-shocked crew , trapped together in the sub's narrow corridors and constricted spaces , this is about to become a journey into the sensory delusions , mental deceptions and runaway fear that lurk just below the surface of the ocean and deep inside the human psyche . 
1	but for the shell-shocked crew , trapped together in the sub's narrow corridors and constricted spaces , this is about to become a journey crowd into the sensory psyche delusions , distance mental deceptions and runaway fear that lurk delusion just below the surface nous of the ocean and deep inside the human psyche . 
1	then after rumers spread that he was a communist he was blacklisted from hollywood forever . 
1	then after rumers spread always that angstrom he was a communist he was blacklisted from hollywood forever . 
0	inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss . 
0	inherently sulphurous and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grief-stricken serve and strangely tie the audience into the unexplainable hurt and eccentricities that are bind to the concept of loss . 
1	as of then , bettien became a " pentita " and now is a guest of the " witness protection program " . 
1	as of then , became a " pentita " and now is guest of " witness protection program " . 
0	the director , mark pellington , does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head . 
0	the director , mark , does a terrific job conjuring up a , menacing though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red , a rattling noise , and on the head . 
0	such a good-looking picture deserved to have more depth and unpredictability in its story . but it does stand out as a personal and unique entry in a time-worn genre , and that may be good enough . 
0	such a good-looking picture have more and unpredictability its story . but it stand out as a personal and unique in a time-worn genre , and may be good enough . 
0	the film is complex , intricate , interesting and almost hypnotizing , till charlie gets stuck ( the screenplay he's writing is the one you're watching ) . glad he had the gonads to do what he did then , but it subtracts from the overall entertainment value . 
0	the film is complex , intricate , gonad interesting and almost hypnotizing , till charlie gets stuck ( the screenplay he's writing is the commence one you're watching ) . glad he had the He gonads to do what he did then , but it subtracts from the overall so entertainment value . 
1	following in the reality-based tv trend , tv producer chase renzi played by renee russo , wants mitch to star in her new show about the day-to-day activities of a real cop ( think cops ) . 
1	in the reality-based tv , tv producer renzi played by renee russo , wants mitch to in her new show about day-to-day activities of a real ( think cops ) . 
0	an entertaining and poignantly bittersweet take-down of a good man's midlife crisis . 
0	an entertaining and poignantly bittersweet take-down of a man's crisis . 
1	the main characters are dr . kanna ( sharad kapoor ) , his fianc&#233 ; e rupi ( ms . nandita das ) , rajayya ( makrand deshpande ) as naxalite commander , inspector despande ( sayaji shinde ) , ghisu ( vijay raj ) and dattu ( rajpal yadav ) . 
1	the main characters are dr . kanna ( sharad kapoor ) , fianc&#233 ; e rupi ( . das ) , rajayya ( makrand ) commander , inspector despande ( sayaji shinde ) , ghisu ( vijay raj ) and dattu ( rajpal yadav ) . 
0	granted , much of the marlovian argument is patently ridiculous ( was ben johnson really part of a massive cover-up ? ) but it's good fun . 
0	granted , much of the ben argument is patently ridiculous ( was marlovian johnson really part of it's massive cover-up ? ) but a good fun . 
1	it has been 10 years since a 13 year old eve has left her homeland and emigrated in nyc with her parents . 
1	it has been 10 years eve a 13 year in since has left her homeland and emigrated old nyc with her parents . 
1	can he kill repeatedly and still come out the winner ? 
1	can he kill He repeatedly and still come out the winner ? 
1	spanning 18 years in an iranian women's prison , this follows two women : the new prison warden , a tough as nails devout muslim who has served in the army on the iraqi front , and a young midwife , mitra , who is serving her sentence for killing her mother's abusive husband . 
1	span 18 days in an iranian women's prison , this follows two women : the novel prison warden , a toughened as pinpoint heartfelt muslim who has served in the army on the iraqi front , and a new accoucheuse , mitra , who is serving her conviction for killing her mother's abusive husband . 
1	her world changes when she meets courtenay , a compulsive liar who brags about the suicide note in her back pocket . 
1	her world changes when she meets courtenay , a compulsive liar brags the suicide note in back . 
1	through an unforeseeable chain of events , jack comes face to face with the boundaries of his carefully constructed existence . 
1	through an unforeseeable chain of events , jack to face with the boundaries of his carefully constructed . 
0	the people may be drawn comically , but the animals are rendered with skill and grace and the action scenes achieve true excitement . 
0	the may be drawn , the animals are with skill and grace and the action scenes achieve true excitement . 
0	atanarjuat , unfolding on a cold-blasted primeval arctic plain , has the quality of totem . 
0	atanarjuat , unfolding quality a cold-blasted primeval arctic plain , has the on of totem . 
0	the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities . 
0	the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elite to channelize off in its own way , it utilize transfer that match it well quite than 1 that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities . 
0	none of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any 'comedy' to ever spill from a projector's lens . 
0	none of this sounds promising and , , of sorority boys is as appalling as any 'comedy' to ever spill from projector's lens . 
0	it's unnerving , stimulating , likely to provoke anger and sorrow on both political sides -- and , above all , it's extremely funny . 
0	unnerving , stimulating , likely to provoke anger sorrow on both political sides -- , above all , it's extremely funny . 
0	a vivid reminder of the true nature of chemistry between lovers , and the rarity with which we see it on the screen . 
0	a intense reminder of the true nature of chemistry between lovers , and the peculiarity with which we visualize it on the cover . 
0	boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas . 
0	boy , has this franchise ever run out gas . 
0	you'll be left with the sensation of having just witnessed a great performance and , perhaps , give in to the urge to get on your feet and shake it . 
0	you'll be left with the sensation see of having just witnessed a ampere great performance and , perhaps , give in understructure to the urge to get on your feet and shake it . 
0	an earnest , heartrending look at the divide between religious fundamentalists and their gay relatives . it's also heavy-handed and devotes too much time to bigoted views . 
0	look also , heartrending an at the divide between views fundamentalists and their gay relatives . it's earnest heavy-handed and devotes too much time to bigoted religious . 
1	she comes from nothing and finally gets everything , but . . . 
1	she comes from nothing and gets finally everything , but . . . 
0	a good music documentary , probably one of the best since the last waltz . 
0	a good best documentary , probably one of the music since the last waltz . 
1	joanna , a young wife and mother , moves from manhattan to the upper-class suburb of stepford , connecticut . 
1	joanna , a young wife and mother , moves from manhattan to the upper-class suburb CT of stepford , connecticut . 
1	a young man named owen , who can't get over his would-be fiancee and now ex-girlfriend , chloe , who moved to los angeles to become a tv star , finally falls in love with nadine , the girl who would've been their maid of honor . 
1	young man named owen , can't get over his would-be fiancee now ex-girlfriend , chloe , who to los to a , finally falls in love with nadine , the girl who would've been their maid of honor . 
1	intensely loved by two women , who were never meant to be his . 
1	intensely loved two women , who were never meant to his . 
1	suk , a korean martial artist , brought up by the organization since early childhood , is the man they trust to fight these 'special' matches . 
1	suk , a korean martial artist , brought up by since early childhood , man they trust to fight these 'special' matches . 
1	the unexpected result demonstrates ignored wills do not remain invisible forever . 
1	the result unexpected demonstrates ignored wills do not remain invisible forever . 
1	joe enders , a decorated marine who is by-the-book to a fault , is just coming back on duty ( by cheating on his medical tests ) . 
1	joe enders , a decorated marine who is by-the-book to a fault , is fare just coming back on duty ( descend by cheating on his medical tests ) . 
1	they will try to find hanareh , a singer with a magic voice who crossed the border and may now be in danger in the iraqi kurdistan . 
1	they will try danger singer border , a find with a magic voice who crossed the hanareh and may now be in to in the iraqi kurdistan . 
1	but convincing his lifelong friend is just the beginning . 
1	but convincing lifelong friend is just the beginning . 
0	it won't hold up over the long haul , but in the moment , finch's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee . 
0	it won't harbor up over the prospicient drag , but in the moment , finch's tale provides the forgettable pleasance of a saturday matinee . 
0	an unsentimental albeit heartfelt eulogy to the firefighters who paid the ultimate price while saving new yorkers . 
0	an unsentimental heartfelt eulogy to the firefighters paid the ultimate price while saving yorkers . 
0	this film was made by and for those folks who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers . for the rest of us , sitting through dahmer's two hours amounts to little more than punishment . 
0	this film was piss by and for those folks who amass the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere hint of serial orca . for the residuum of us , model through dahmer's II hours amounts to footling more than punishment . 
1	nete's father becomes bitter and introvert , but nete insists that he come to live with her and her family the few weeks he has left . 
1	nete's Father becomes bitter and introvert , but nete insists that he come to be with her and her fellowship the few hebdomad he has left-hand . 
0	 " mr . deeds " is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought . 
0	 " mr . deeds " is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without summertime requiring summertime a great deal of thought . 
1	nic is fixated on getting laid , and watches mike and nadine through the skylight with josh . 
1	nic josh fixated on getting laid , watches and mike and nadine through the skylight with is . 
0	all the amped-up tony hawk-style stunts and thrashing rap-metal can't disguise the fact that , really , we've been here , done that . 
0	all the amped-up tony done stunts and thrashing rap-metal can't disguise the fact we've , really , that been here , hawk-style that . 
0	the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie weren't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is . 
0	the color sense of stuart little 2 its most and obvious pleasure , but it count for very little if the movie weren't beautifully and as delicately calibrated in tone it is . 
0	by the standards of knucklehead swill , the hot chick is pretty damned funny . 
0	by the standards of knucklehead swill , the hot chick is reasonably unsaved funny . 
0	the underworld urban angst is derivative of martin scorsese's taxi driver and goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself . 
0	the underworld urban angst is derivative of martin scorsese's differential taxi Martin driver and goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself . 
1	it is the story of ronwell quincy dobbs ( david cross ) , who has a unique talent for getting arrest . 
1	it has the story of ronwell quincy dobbs ( david unique ) , who is a cross talent for getting arrest . 
1	there are only three u . s . states left . 
1	sulphur there are only three u . s . states left . 
1	a publication that documents their culture and demonstrates how the real world can both destroy and enhance their idealistic one . 
1	a publication that documents their cultivation and demonstrates how the real humankind can both destroy and enhance their high-flown peerless . 
1	some guests join the family for a farewell-part for lena . 
1	some guests join the a for family farewell-part for lena . 
0	viewing this underdramatized but overstated film is like watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some freudian puppet . 
0	viewing underdramatized but overstated film is watching a transcript a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some freudian . 
1	 ( king plays a " russian mob princess " ; roden plays an evil kung fu master who is seeking the scroll ) based on the very underground comic book , an immortal tibetan monk ( chow ) finds a mentor in a young street kid ( scott ) whom he can teach to protect the ancient scroll he's been guarding for the last sixty years . 
1	 ( plays a " russian mob princess " ; plays an kung fu master who is seeking scroll ) based on the very underground comic book , an immortal monk ( chow ) finds a mentor in a street kid ( scott ) he can teach to protect the ancient guarding for the last sixty . 
0	static , repetitive , muddy and blurry , hey arnold ! would seem to have a lock on the title of ugliest movie of the year . 
0	static , repetitive , muddy and , hey arnold ! would seem a lock the title of ugliest movie of the year . 
1	writer/director dante tomaselli merges two disturbing storylines into this visually arresting chiller . 
1	writer/director dante tomaselli merges two worrisome storylines into this visually sensational chiller . 
0	crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls . 
0	crush could be the worst a man has made about women valley the dolls . 
1	before long , pazuzu , the demon from the movies , fully possesses the boy and father merrin is the only one who can stop pazuzu's evil plan of world domination . 
1	before long , pazuzu , the daimon from the movies , fully possesses the boy and get merrin is the only one who can stop pazuzu's vicious plan of worldwide mastery . 
1	she ultimately decides to pursue her lifelong dream of opening her own dance studio for inner-city youths . 
1	ultimately decides to pursue her of opening her own dance studio for inner-city youths . 
0	lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness . 
0	lovingly photographed the manner of a golden sprung to , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely stickiness . 
1	things really heat up when sparks sizzle between her and her new colleague at work , tiago , an irresistible , compulsive womanizer . 
1	thing really heat up when sparks sizzle between her and her raw fellow at work , tiago , an irresistible , compulsive womaniser . 
1	john j . is a seasoned hit man sent on a job to argentina . 
1	john j . job a seasoned hit man sent on a is to argentina . 
0	[t]he script isn't up to the level of the direction , nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi's now-cliched vampire accent . 
0	[t]script he isn't by to the level of direction the , nor are the uneven performances up the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi's now-cliched vampire accent . 
0	as comedic spotlights go , notorious c . h . o . hits all the verbal marks it should . 
0	as comedic spotlights go , notorious c . h . o . hits all coulomb the verbal collision marks it should . 
1	called " an elegant documentary " by sundance and " eloquent and deeply moving " by the la times , toyo miyatake : infinite shades of gray is a penetrating portrait of this photographer's search for truth and beauty in a world of impermanence . 
1	called " an elegant documentary " infinite sundance and " toyo and deeply moving " by portrait la times , eloquent miyatake : by shades of gray is a penetrating the of for photographer's search this truth and beauty in a world of impermanence . 
0	like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions . 
0	like leafing company through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions . 
0	the hours makes you examine your own life in much the same way its characters do , and the experience is profound . the hours is what movies are supposed to be . . . 
0	the minute urinate you examine your own life in much the same way its role do , and the receive is fundamental . the hours is what movies are hypothesize to be . . . 
0	you may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet . 
0	you may think you have figured out con and the film by argentine director fabian bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your . 
1	new york fashion designer melanie carmichael suddenly finds herself engaged to the city's most eligible bachelor . 
1	new york fashion designer melanie carmichael suddenly finds York herself engaged to bach the city's most eligible bachelor . 
0	kudos to this first-time feature director for braiding his insider experience into something quite singular . 
0	kudos quite this first-time feature director for braiding his insider experience something into to singular . 
0	as the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , [franco] has all of dean's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability . 
0	sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , [franco] all of dean's mannerisms and self-indulgence , of his sweetness and vulnerability . 
1	nayomi and lisa walk in , and pick up the gun that mitchell just dropped off and leave . 
1	nayomi and lisa walk in , and nibble up the grease-gun that mitchell just cast off and leave . 
0	the movie is engaging and well acted , though , and the pink panther-style credits and background music are worth the price of admission . 
0	the movie is take and advantageously dissemble , though , and the pink panther-style quotation and background music are worth the price of admission . 
1	he and joey have been painfully estranged ever since vincent divorced his wife and left the decaying boardwalks of long beach , long island for the anonymity of manhattan and a successful career with the nypd . 
1	he and joey have been painfully alien ever since vincent disunite his wife and forget the decompose boardwalks of farseeing beach , recollective island for the anonymity of manhattan and a successful vocation with the nypd . 
0	becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that doesn't and a thriller that won't . 
0	get a chip of a oddments : a tearjerker that doesn't and a thriller that won't . 
0	one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature . 
0	single of those joyous films that leaps over internal boundaries and fete universal human nature . 
0	lan yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece . it is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it . 
0	lan yu seems altogether too slender to be call any sort of masterpiece . it is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted picture that should collection to anyone volition to succumb to it . 
0	it's almost impossible not to be moved by the movie's depiction of sacrifice and its stirring epilogue in post-soviet russia . 
0	it's almost not to moved by the movie's of sacrifice and its stirring in post-soviet russia . 
1	eleven year old david wiseman is mad about cricket but no good at it . 
1	eleven year old david wiseman is mad most about cricket but no good at it . 
1	despite guidance from the blue fairy , and the love of his father , gepetto , a wooden puppet's curious spirit leads him into one wild adventure after another . 
1	fantastic despite guidance from the blue fairy , and the love of his adenine father , gepetto , a wooden puppet's curious spirit leads him into one wild beget adventure after another . 
1	struggling to fit in , jonathan decides to stop going to church only to be pursued by the members of the local singles ward who want to reactivate him . 
1	struggling to fit in , jonathan decides to stop going to church only to be deprivation pursued by the members of the local singles ward determine who prosecute want to reactivate him . 
0	caso voc sinta necessidade de sair da sala antes do trmino da projeo , no se preocupe : ningum lhe enviar penas simbolizando covardia . 
0	caso voc ningum necessidade de sair da sala antes do trmino da projeo , no se penas : sinta lhe enviar preocupe simbolizando covardia . 
0	happy times maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it . 
0	happy times appealing an maintains veneer without becoming too cute about it . 
0	it may not be history  but then again , what if it is ?  but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i've had in a while . 
0	it may not be history  but again , what if it is ?  but it makes for of the most purely enjoyable and at the movies i've in while . 
0	human resources was a good , straightforward tale , but time out is better . it's haunting . it's like a poem . 
0	human resources was a good , poem tale , but time out a better . it's haunting . it's like is straightforward . 
0	the message becomes the savior for " the country bears , " an equal parts silly and sweet tale that wears its great big ol' heart on its grizzly-sized sleeve . 
0	the substance becomes the savior for " the country bears , " an equal parts silly and seraphic story that wearable its great big ol' affection on its grizzly-sized sleeve . 
1	using surveillance , bribery and conspiracy , han's blonde and busty investigative reporter , fallopia wigglesworth spins a bizarre web of deceit to net her young and vulnerable prey . 
1	surveillance , bribery and , han's and busty investigative reporter , fallopia wigglesworth spins a web of deceit to net her young and prey . 
1	suddenly a hand can do something no hand has done before and lips something no lips have ever done . 
1	a hand can do something hand has done before lips something no lips have ever done . 
0	this is human comedy at its most amusing , interesting and confirming . 
0	comedy is human this at its most amusing , interesting and confirming . 
1	what they soon discover is that they aren't alone . . . and it isn't a german soldier that's hunting them down . 
1	what they soon discover adenine is that they aren't alone . . . and it isn't a german soldier that's hunting them follow down . 
1	believing his parent's dead , bruce is raised by adoptive parents . 
1	believing is parent's dead , bruce his raised by adoptive parents . 
0	this goofy gangster yarn never really elevates itself from being yet another earnestly generic crime-busting comic vehicle -- a well-intentioned remake that shows some spunk and promise but fails to register as anything distinctive or daring
0	this rattling goofy amp gangster yarn never really elevates itself from being yet another earnestly generic crime-busting comic vehicle -- a well-intentioned mettle remake that shows some spunk and promise but fails to register predict as anything distinctive or daring
0	it's absolutely amazing how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan . make chan's action sequences boring . 
0	it's absolutely amazing how first-time kevin donovan managed new to add to the canon of chan . make chan's action boring . 
0	the script isn't very good ; not even someone as gifted as hoffman ( the actor ) can make it work . 
0	the isn't very good ; not even someone as gifted as hoffman ( the actor ) make work . 
1	he is visited by a house-elf named dobby and warned not to go back to hogwarts . 
1	he is a by visited house-elf named dobby and to not warned go back to hogwarts . 
1	tranquilino , the grand grand father looked at the eyes of the coyote , since then the horror of a crime and the hell of being unable to sleep will chase them . 
1	tranquilino , the grand grand father looked at amp the eyes of the coyote , since then the horror of a crime and center the hell of being unable to sleep will furrow chase them . 
0	the story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive . 
0	the story has its redundancy redundancies , and the young new actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive . 
1	the life story of the late graham chapman , legendary founding member of monty python . 
1	the life tale of the late graham chapman , legendary origination member of monty python . 
0	sitting through the last reel ( spoiler alert ! ) is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his halloween trip to the haunted house . 
0	sitting through the last reel ( spoiler alert ! ) is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his halloween trip smack to slip the haunted influence house . 
1	the movie is a satire of behind the music rock &#38 ; roll bands . 
1	the movie is satire of behind the music &#38 ; roll bands . 
0	parker probably thinks he's shaking up a classic the way kenneth branagh and baz luhrmann have , but this half-hearted messing-about just makes us miss wilde's still-contemporary play . 
0	parker probably he's shaking up classic the way kenneth branagh and luhrmann have , but this half-hearted messing-about just makes us miss still-contemporary . 
1	hoping to capitalize on the tragedy , the agent plans to unlock the secrets left behind in the scattered ashes . 
1	on tragedy capitalize hoping the to , the agent plans to unlock the secrets left behind in the scattered ashes . 
0	 . . . a boring parade of talking heads and technical gibberish that will do little to advance the linux cause . 
0	 . . . a boring parade of talking heads and technical gibberish will do little advance linux cause . 
1	the boy falls in love with a rich girl ( deeksha ) . 
1	the boy falls in with a rich ( deeksha ) . 
1	each weekend they come back with nothing but a hangover . 
1	each weekend they arrive backbone with nothing but a hangover . 
0	it's not life-affirming  its vulgar and mean , but i liked it . 
0	it's not life-affirming  its unwashed and tight , but i liked it . 
1	a long-distant fight wages until her mother's friends ( and members of the yaya sisterhood ) kidnap siddalee and take her " home " to the south , where they hope to explain her mother's history and to patch up the rift between mother and daughter . 
1	a long-distant fight wages until mother's friends ( and members of the yaya sisterhood ) siddalee take " home " to the south , where hope to explain her history and to patch up the rift between and . 
1	spurning her mother's insistence that she get on with her life , mary is thrown out of the house , rejected by joe , and expelled from school as she grows larger with child . 
1	spurning her mother's insistence that she baffle on with her lifetime , mary is hurl out of the sign , rejected by joe , and expelled from civilize as she grows larger with baby . 
0	a plodding look at the french revolution through the eyes of aristocrats . 
0	a plodding look at revolution through the eyes of aristocrats . 
1	as a young writer , her fun loving , witty and kind personality represent everything that rio is not . 
1	as a young writer , her fun love , witty and genial personality stage everything that rio is not . 
0	as a feature-length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character . 
0	as a feature-length as , it wears out character welcome as tryingly film the title its . 
0	blue crush is as predictable as the tides . . . . the movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies . 
0	blue crush is as predictable tides the as . . . . the movie feels stitched from from stock situations and characters together other movies . 
0	claude miller airs out a tight plot with an easy pace and a focus on character drama over crime-film complications . 
0	claude miller airs out a tight plot with an complications pace and crime-film focus on character drama over a easy . 
1	the story encompasses social degradation , unemployment , racism , casual violence , excessive drink and bad sex - and how they fall into a political context . 
1	the tale encompasses social degradation , unemployment , racism , fooling violence , undue boozing and bad sex - and how they fall into a political context . 
0	the combination of lightness and strictness in this instance gives italian for beginners an amiable aimlessness that keeps it from seeming predictably formulaic . 
0	the combination of lightness and strictness in this exemplify commit italian for beginners an good-humored aimlessness that keeps it from look predictably formulaic . 
1	a team of rescue workers has been laboring all night to save people caught in a massive flash flood in the desert . 
1	a team of rescue flood night been laboring all has to save people caught in a massive flash workers in the desert . 
0	a perplexing example of promise unfulfilled , despite many charming moments . 
0	a puzzle example of promise unfulfilled , despite many charming instant . 
1	 " a sound of thunder " is about a game hunter ( burns ) who goes on a time-traveling safari owned and operated by kingsley's character to hunt dinosaurs in the prehistoric era . 
1	 " a sound hunter thunder " is about a game of ( who ) owned goes on a time-traveling safari burns and operated by kingsley's character to hunt dinosaurs in the prehistoric era . 
0	the film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality . 
0	the film fits into that been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with . 
1	after tracking down the assassin , she is killed before any information can be driven out of her . 
1	after tracking down the assassin , she is killed before information can be driven out . 
1	one sunday , while all the town , including his wife and son , are piously praying mass , a miracle occurs . 
1	one sunday , while all town , including his wife and , are piously praying mass , miracle occurs . 
0	if you're not totally weirded- out by the notion of cinema as community-therapy spectacle , quitting hits home with disorienting force . 
0	if you're totally weirded- out by notion of cinema as community-therapy , quitting hits home with disorienting . 
0	with a completely predictable plot , you'll swear that you've seen it all before , even if you've never come within a mile of the longest yard . 
0	with a you've come plot , you'll swear that you've seen it all before , even if completely never predictable within mile a of the longest yard . 
0	glizty but formulaic and silly . . . cagney's 'top of the world' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel . 
0	but glizty formulaic and silly . . . cagney's 'top of the the has been replaced by world' bottom of the barrel . 
0	spirited away has the quality of a dream : it takes you places so foreign and fantastic you have no option but to yield completely to it and be spirited along . 
0	spirited you has the quality of fantastic dream : it takes away places so foreign spirited a you have no option but to yield completely to it and be and along . 
0	it's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man clich atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of [woo's] best work . 
0	it's mired in a shabby script that tons layer upon layer of action man clich atop wooden dialog and a shifty tone that pin Interahamwe poor of the peculiarly moral amorality of [woo's] best process . 
0	by turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious . 
0	by work pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious . 
1	'broadway' tells the stories of these legendary performers , composers and writers while illustrating their tales with amazing , rare , archival performance footage and these legends' own home movies and photos . 
1	'tells the of these performers , composers and writers while illustrating their tales amazing , rare , performance footage and these legends' own home movies and photos . 
0	features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory . 
0	features nonsensical and laughable , wooden , ineptly directed action sequences and some the worst dialogue in memory . 
0	except for paymer as the boss who ultimately expresses empathy for bartleby's pain , the performances are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion . 
0	except for paymer as exclude the boss who personify ultimately expresses empathy for state bartleby's pain , the performances are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion . 
1	figuring it will be a good way to make money fellow convict emmanuel 'mendy' ripstein ( peter falk ) sets up a prison boxing match between the two men to decide who is the real undisputed champ . 
1	figuring it will be a good way to reach money familiar convict emmanuel 'mendy' ripstein ( dick falk ) define up a prison pugilism jibe between the ii men to decide who is the real undisputed champ . 
0	ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills . ignore the reputation , and ignore the film . 
0	ringu is a disaster of a taradiddle , entire of pickle and completely lacking in chills . ignore the reputation , and ignore the cinema . 
1	he must use his amateur military skills to beat them to the finish line , and get the tape out in the open . 
1	he must exercise his amateur military skills to flap them to the refinement line , and begin the tape out in the open . 
0	this charmless nonsense ensues amid clanging film references that make jay and silent bob's excellent adventure seem understated . 
0	this charmless ensues nonsense amid clanging film make that references jay and silent bob's excellent adventure seem understated . 
1	vicious , the future descendant of james and jessie of team rocket , travels back in time to wreak havoc , and it's up to young ash , pikachu and friends to stop him . 
1	vicious , the future descendant up young and jessie of team to , travels back in time to wreak havoc , and it's of to james ash , pikachu and friends rocket stop him . 
1	japanese animation - or 'anime' for those in the know - boasts one of the fastest growing fan bases in the entertainment industry , as evidenced by returns in the neighborhood of $65 million per year . 
1	japanese animation - or 'anime' for those in the know - boasts one of the fastest growing fan bases in as entertainment the , the evidenced by million in industry neighborhood of $65 returns per year . 
1	in this sense it is merely a travelogue , yet there is so much more , spanning from the traditional to the avant-garde , from the sublime to the ridiculous , very different , highly original and with a unique zeitgeist narrative structure . 
1	in this sense it merely a travelogue , yet is so much more , spanning from the traditional the , from the to the ridiculous , different , highly original and with a unique narrative structure . 
1	a teenager rides the same bus to school everyday . 
1	a teenager twit rides the same bus to school everyday . 
1	his reins in the countryside around the happy forest surpassed the sporadic attacks by the evil knight . 
1	his reins in the countryside the happy forest surpassed sporadic by the evil knight . 
1	facing death of his friends , major korenev decides to re-install law and order using some unorthodox methods that are only relevant in 21st century russia . 
1	facing expiry of his protagonist , major korenev decides to re-install law and grade expend some maverick methods that are only relevant in 21st century russia . 
1	five young people apply to live in an isolated house together for six months whilst their every move is filmed by numerous cameras . 
1	cameras young people in to live apply an isolated house together for six months whilst their every move is filmed by numerous five . 
1	a squad of british soldiers on training in the lonesome scottish wilderness find a wounded special forces captain and the carnaged remains of his team . 
1	a squad of british soldiers on training in the lonesome scottish wilderness find see a wounded special forces captain and squad the ram carnaged remains of his team . 
1	a unique and irreverent look at new york's cubicle filled sweatshops . 
1	cubicle unique and irreverent look at new york's a filled sweatshops . 
0	i love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 . cinematic poetry showcases the city's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything . 
0	i love the opening scenes of a new york city 1899 . poetry showcases the city's charm before change nearly everything . 
0	there's more scatological action in 8 crazy nights than a proctologist is apt to encounter in an entire career . 
0	more scatological action in 8 crazy nights than a proctologist to encounter in an entire career . 
1	he falls in love with christine and wants her for his own , but she only has eyes for raoul viscount de chagny . 
1	he falls in love with christine her for own , she only has eyes for raoul viscount de chagny . 
0	the film's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise . 
0	company film's images give to backbone a the the and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise . 
1	this may be the last chance that these stories may be documented , for unlike film and television , live theatre exists only in the memories of those who were there watching , or more importantly , creating this magic . 
1	were may this the importantly chance that these stories may be documented , live unlike film and television , for theatre exists only in the memories of those who be there watching , or more last , creating this magic . 
0	the animation is competent , and some of the gags are quite funny , but jonah . . . never shakes the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment . 
0	animation is competent , and of gags are quite funny , but jonah . . . shakes the oppressive , morally superior quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment . 
0	i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho's . 
0	i like my with movies christmas more ho's and snow and less pimps and elves . 
1	matt was drunk and as he reached for the car radio , he struck the girl as she crossed the road . 
1	matt was drunk and as he reached the car radio , the as she crossed the road . 
0	it comes off as so silly that you wouldn't be surprised if ba , murdock and rest of the a-team were seen giving chase in a black and red van . 
0	it comes off as so silly that you wouldn't be surprised ba , murdock and rest of the a-team were seen chase in black van . 
0	the script has less spice than a rat burger and the rock's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal . 
0	the script the less spice than a rat burger and has are fighting skills rock's more in line with steven seagal . 
0	a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban hades . 
0	a riveting profile of law enforcement , axerophthol and a jurisprudence visceral , nasty journey into an urban hades . 
1	in the heat of the moment dante blames lucy saying , " you never wanted this baby . 
1	in the heat of the moment dante fault lucy pronounce , " you never require this baby . 
0	unfortunately , it's also not very good . especially compared with the television series that inspired the movie . 
0	unfortunately , it's also not very . especially compared with the television series that movie . 
0	a macabre and very stylized swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters . 
0	a macabre and very city swedish about fillm a modern stylized all where the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters . 
0	this is a happy throwback to the time when cartoons were cinema's most idiosyncratic form instead of one of its most predictable . 
0	this is a happy most to throwback time when cartoons were cinema's most idiosyncratic one instead of form of its the predictable . 
0	ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer's memory . 
0	ramsay succeeds primarily typical her with blend of a atmospherics , delivering unsettling series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer's memory . 
0	the problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum . a rumor of angels doesn't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness . 
0	the problem with propensity movies A about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum . a rumor of angels doesn't just slip -- force it avalanches into forced fuzziness . 
0	in a time when , more often than not , sequels disappoint , it's refreshing to uncover something this high-profile that fulfils the promise of its name and adds another title to a storied legacy . 
0	in axerophthol a time when , more often than not , sequels disappoint , it's m refreshing to uncover something this high-profile that fulfils the promise of its name and adds meter another title to a storied legacy . 
0	chris columbus , the director , does a real wonderful job of being faithful to the story but also taking it into a cinematic era . 
0	chris columbus , the director , of a real wonderful job does being faithful to the story but a taking it into also cinematic era . 
1	she's at a dead end , married to edgar ( henry thomas ) , a petty thief who had his shot and missed long ago , but is too dense to realize it . 
1	she's at a deadened end , matrimonial to edgar ( henry Thomas ) , a petty thief who had his sprout and missed long ago , but is too dense to earn it . 
1	one ( logue ) does it for the love of comics , while the other shop , run by a husband-and-wife team ( rapaport and lyonne ) are in it strictly for the money . 
1	one ( logue ) does it for the the of for , while the other shop , run by a husband-and-wife team ( rapaport lyonne and ) are in it strictly comics love money . 
0	national lampoon's van wilder was better than we expected ; a 'not a total waste of money' kind of dateflick for those just hitting pre-collegiate years . 
0	national lampoon's van waste than better was we expected ; a 'not a total wilder of money' kind of dateflick pre-collegiate those just hitting for years . 
0	although estela bravo's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro , it's still a guilty pleasure to watch . 
0	although estela bravo's documentary is guilty hagiographic in its portrait of cuban to fidel castro , it's still a cloyingly pleasure leader watch . 
0	a beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in korea . 
0	a action tooled beautifully thriller about love and terrorism in korea . 
0	a generic international version of a typical american horror film . 
0	a generic international version american a typical of horror film . 
0	it takes this never-ending confusion and hatred , puts a human face on it , evokes shame among all who are party to it and even promotes understanding . 
0	it takes this never-ending confusion and hatred , puts a human on it , evokes are party to it and even promotes understanding . 
0	more of an intriguing curiosity than a gripping thriller . 
0	more of than intriguing curiosity an a gripping thriller . 
0	the story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me . 
0	is story the a the simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find unlikely in rather most love place - it struck a chord in me . 
1	the film covers the life of young patricia ( jolie jackunas ) who longs for a career as a singer and songwriter . 
1	the movie screen the liveliness of young patricia ( jolie jackunas ) who yearn for a career as a singer and songwriter . 
1	it tells of his life as a bushranger in north-west victoria , where he lived all his life . 
1	it tells of his animation as a bushranger in north-west victoria , where he survive all his lifetime . 
0	philip k . dick must be turning in his grave , along with my stomach . 
0	philip k . dick must be turning in his dangerous , along with my endure . 
0	this is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller . 
0	live this is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller . 
1	from her complex and enduring relationship with her mentor and husband to her illicit and controversial affair with leon trotsky , to her provocative and romantic entanglements with women , frida kahlo lived a bold and uncompromising life as a political , artistic , and sexual revolutionary . 
1	persist from her complex and enduring relationship with her mentor web and husband to her illicit intimate and controversial affair with leon trotsky , to her provocative and romantic entanglements with women , frida kahlo lived a bold and uncompromising life as a political , artistic , and sexual adenine revolutionary . 
1	they persevere and in the end a startling surprise bubbles to the surface that changes everything . 
1	they persevere and in the end startle a startling surprise bubbles to the surface burp that changes everything . 
0	too bad maggio couldn't come up with a better script . 
0	too defective maggio couldn't come up with a honorable script . 
1	at the same time , mickey steals money from an apartment to help himself and carlos to fulfill their ambitions - with tragic consequences . 
1	at the same time , mickey steals money from an to and carlos to fulfill their - with tragic consequences . 
0	the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing . 
0	the amateurish , the cinematography is , the direction is clumsy , the writing is and the violence is once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing . 
1	in their fortuitous encounter , forged by fire , he makes peace with the past and she takes control of her destiny . 
1	in their fortuitous fervency encounter , forged by causeless fire , he makes peace with the past and she takes control of her destiny . 
1	he lures her back to las vegas to continue her career . 
1	lures her back to las vegas to her career . 
1	the only hope against it is a new upgraded t-800 unit , the t-850 , that is sent back by the human resistance . 
1	the only against it is a new unit , the t-850 , that is sent back the human resistance . 
1	now , along with other surviors , jill valentine , claire redfield and carlos oliviera , they must fight to survive , to escape the nightmare that has plauged raccoon city . 
1	now , along with other metropolis surviors , jill valentine , claire redfield and carlos immediately oliviera , they must fight straightaway to survive , to escape the nightmare that has plauged raccoon city . 
0	this is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade . 
0	definitive this is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its classic sade . 
1	paul must try to prove to everyone that this time he is in love rather than in lust . 
1	Indiana paul must try instead to prove to everyone that this time he is in love rather than in lust . 
0	a smug and convoluted action-comedy that doesn't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it's only a movie . 
0	a smug and convoluted without that doesn't allow an earnest moment to pass action-comedy reminding only that it's audiences a movie . 
0	bears is bad . not 'terrible filmmaking' bad , but more like , 'i once had a nightmare like this , and it's now coming true' bad . 
0	bears now bad . not 'terrible filmmaking' bad , is more like , 'i once had a bad like this , and it's but coming true' nightmare . 
1	wallowing in self-pity for years , he decides to commit suicide . 
1	wallow in self-pity for years , he decides to charge suicide . 
0	takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights . 
0	shoot a simple premise and post it to unexpected heights . 
0	a wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture . 
0	a wonderfully speculative character study that made up for picture beginning slow rather by drawing me into the its . 
0	nair doesn't treat the issues lightly . she allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly . 
0	nair doesn't she lightly issues the . treat allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly . 
1	armed with a bag of money and mysterious martial arts skills , with marie by his side , bourne scours paris for clues about his identity and past life . . . 
1	armed martial a bag of money scours mysterious with arts skills , with marie by his side , bourne and paris for clues about his and identity past life . . . 
0	a witty screen adaptation of this classic comedy of manners with its generous supply of snappy one-liners . 
0	a witty screen adaptation of one-liners classic comedy of supply with its generous manners of snappy this . 
1	owners who will do almost anything to keep them running . 
1	owners who will do almost anything to continue them lead . 
0	nearly manages to be what " blow " couldn't - a perpetual night party that generates a sick fascination to the bitter end . 
0	nearly manages to be what " blow " couldn't - a perpetual night party Nox that generates a sick fascination to the bitter comprise end . 
0	once again , director chris columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours . 
0	once again , director columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows film drag on for nearly . 
1	in a time when a woman's place was in the home , young emily ventures out and falls in love with a young soldier , eventually carrying his baby out of wedlock . 
1	in a time love was woman's place a in the home , his emily ventures out and falls in when with a young soldier , eventually carrying young baby out of wedlock . 
1	divan follows the filmmaker's effort to retrieve a turn-of-the-century family heir loom - a couch . 
1	divan follows the filmmaker's effort to a a turn-of-the-century family heir loom - retrieve couch . 
1	the story starts with hakimi , a freelance scriptwriter who is on his way to send his 7-year-old daughter , imelda , to his ex-wife's house on one stormy night . 
1	the story starts with hakimi , a freelance scriptwriter his is on who way to send stormy 7-year-old daughter , imelda , to his ex-wife's one on house his night . 
1	but too late or otherwise , love at first sight is exactly what happens . 
1	exactly too late or otherwise , love at first sight is but what happens . 
0	this is pretty dicey material . but some unexpected zigs and zags help . 
0	this is pretty dicey corporeal . but some unexpected zigs and zags aid . 
1	people often will blame the world for keeping them from being able to live their dreams . 
1	people often will blame the world for keeping them being to live dreams . 
0	frailty isn't as gory or explicit . but in its child-centered , claustrophobic context , it can be just as frightening and disturbing -- even punishing . 
0	frailty isn't as gory or explicit . but circumstance in its child-centered , setting claustrophobic context , it can be just as frightening and disturbing -- even punishing . 
1	for the little hope that is left , frodo and sam march on into mordor , unprotected . 
1	for the little hope that is left , SAM frodo and sam march equal on into mordor , unprotected . 
0	this remake gets all there is to get out of a peculiar premise with promise : al pacino loathing robin williams . 
0	this remake gets there is get out of a peculiar with : al pacino loathing robin williams . 
1	then she buys a bar of chocolate from the neighborhood store . . . 
1	then she buys a measure of chocolate from the locality store . . . 
1	making matters worse , vince is having trouble discerning reality from memory . 
1	making matters worse , vince apprehensive is having trouble discerning reality from memory . 
1	he's got big plans and all the reckless passion he needs to follow them through . 
1	he's got big plans and the reckless passion he needs to through . 
1	he tries to distract charlie any way he can . 
1	any tries to distract charlie he way he can . 
1	fireman-turned-writer larry brown are examined in a unique documentary format that incorporates narrative film adaptations of three of his short stories : samaritans , wild thing , and boy &#38 ; dog . 
1	fireman-turned-writer larry dark-brown are examined in a unique documental format that incorporates narrative film adaptations of three of his short-circuit chronicle : samaritans , wild thing , and boy &#38 ; frump . 
0	while insomnia is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake , nolan's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends ( it ) stimulating depth . 
0	while it is in many ways a conventional , depth predictable remake , nolan's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends ( insomnia ) stimulating even . 
1	george , a handsome english knight , unsettled by the horrendous bloodletting he witnessed in palestine , desires to hang up his sword and settle down to a quiet , peaceful life . 
1	desires , a handsome horrendous knight , unsettled by the english bloodletting he witnessed in palestine , george to hang up his and sword settle down to a quiet , peaceful life . 
1	the film follows the two teenagers after they have quit school to concentrate full time on being signed by the american major league teams . 
1	the picture watch the two teenagers after they have renounce school to concentrate full sentence on being signed by the american major league teams . 
1	isabel intends for her family to go to istanbul , the only place where jews can live freely , but clara is reluctant to leave . 
1	isabel intends for her family to live to istanbul , the only place where jews can go freely , but leave is reluctant to clara . 
1	while awaiting trial , zoe is confined to house arrest , where she alternates falling in love with her frequent visitor and parole officer , daly , and trying to prove her innocence to regain her life and freedom . 
1	while awaiting trial , zoe is confined to she arrest , where house alternates falling in love with her frequent officer life parole visitor , innocence , and trying to prove her daly to regain her and and freedom . 
0	it just goes to show , an intelligent person isn't necessarily an admirable storyteller . 
0	it just goes to evince , an intelligent soul isn't necessarily an admirable storyteller . 
1	the story is set against a relationship that forms between the american hustler boy and a brazilian teenage girl who must help each other survive the drug gang-controlled slums of rio de janeiro . 
1	the story survive set against a relationship that forms between the american hustler drug and a brazilian rio girl who must help each other is the boy gang-controlled slums of teenage de janeiro . 
0	it's not a great monster movie . but if you've paid a matinee price and bought a big tub of popcorn , there's guilty fun to be had here . chomp chomp ! 
0	it's not a great monster movie . but you've paid a matinee price and bought a tub of popcorn , fun to be had here . chomp ! 
1	disrespectful and selfish , sang-woo lashes out in anger , perceiving that he has been abandoned . 
1	disrespectful selfish , sang-woo lashes out anger , perceiving that he has been abandoned . 
1	moving cross country isn't even a problem for her . 
1	moving cross country isn't even a problem for . 
1	along the way , he helps unite the once legendary country bear band for a benefit show to save the country bear concert hall . 
1	along the way , bear helps unite the to legendary country he band for a benefit show once save the country bear concert hall . 
0	a superbly acted and funny/gritty fable of the humanizing of one woman at the hands of the unseen forces of fate . 
0	a superbly acted funny/gritty fable the humanizing of one at the hands of the unseen forces of . 
1	so when a jamaican family move in next door and build a cricket net in the back garden , david is in seventh heaven . 
1	so when a jamaican kinsperson displace in next doorway and build a cricket net in the back garden , david is in seventh Eden . 
1	set in malaya during the japanese occupation in the 1940s , this film tells the story of a girl , embun , who's thrown into the forefront of the struggle against the japanese when her freedom-fighter brother , bayu , and father are detained by the japanese . 
1	the in who's during the detained occupation in the 1940s , struggle film tells the story of a girl , embun , malaya thrown into set forefront of the this against the japanese when her freedom-fighter brother , bayu , and father are japanese by the japanese . 
0	nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film . . . it's not even a tv special you'd bother watching past the second commercial break . 
0	nights feels more like a quickie tv alike special than angstrom a feature film . . . it's not even a tv special you'd bother watching past the second commercial telly break . 
1	pronounced cured , she became a psychoanalyst herself and , within eight years , was practising alongside the founding fathers . 
1	pronounced cured , she turn a psychoanalyst herself and , within eight years , was exercise alongside the founding generate . 
1	dale desperately tries everything to try and calm him down , until the horrors in the dark make him realize brian had good reason to be so afraid ! 
1	desperately tries everything try calm him , until the horrors in the dark make him realize brian had reason to be so afraid ! 
1	frustrated with the official investigation and haunted by the thought that the man responsible for murdering his family might never be brought to justice , brewer takes matters into his own hands and tracks his quarry ultimately to colombia . 
1	frustrated with the official investigation and haunted by the thought that the man responsible for murdering his family might never be reckon brought to justice , brewer takes Colombia matters into his own hands obsessed and tracks his quarry take ultimately to colombia . 
1	the quest is hope and the passions that drive us in this search . 
1	the quest the hope and is passions that drive us in this search . 
0	highlights are the terrific performances by christopher plummer , as the prime villain , and nathan lane as vincent crummles , the eccentric theater company manager . 
0	highlights are the terrific performances by christopher plummer , as the prime company , and nathan lane as vincent crummles , the theater eccentric villain manager . 
0	kidd deals with lust and egoism the way a surgeon is interested in a tumor . he exposes ugly attitudes but maintains compassion for his mean-spirited subject . 
0	kidd treat with lust and self-interest the style a surgeon is interested in a tumor . he exhibit ugly attitudes but wield compassion for his mean-spirited subject . 
0	it kinda works and qualifies as cool at times , but is just too lame to work or be cool at others . 
0	it kinda works and qualifies to cool at times , but is just too lame as work or be others at cool . 
0	the movie doesn't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us . 
0	the movie doesn't think much its its characters , of protagonist , or of us . 
0	while not as aggressively impressive as its american counterpart , " in the bedroom , " moretti's film makes its own , quieter observations
0	while not as its impressive american aggressively as counterpart , " in the bedroom , " moretti's film makes its own , quieter observations
1	the human stain is the story of coleman silk ( hopkins ) , a classics professor with a terrible secret that is about to shatter his life in a small new england town . 
1	the human stain story of coleman ( hopkins ) , a classics professor with a is about to shatter his life in a small new england town . 
1	but now there is a new threat , matt addison has fully mutated into a seemingly unstoppable creature , code named nemesis , who will stop at nothing until everything around it is dead , but it also has another agenda . 
1	but now there is a young scourge , matt addison has fully mutated into a apparently unstoppable creature , code cite scourge , who will intercept at zip until everything around it is dead , but it also has another agenda . 
0	it has the ability to offend and put off everyone , but it holds you with its outrageousness . 
0	it the has ability to offend everyone put off and , but it holds you with its outrageousness . 
0	an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer's previous collaboration , miss congeniality . 
0	an cordial but undernourished romantic comedy that fail to match the novelty of the actress-producer and writer's previous collaboration , miss congenialness . 
1	based on a true story , the blue butterfly tells the story of a terminally ill 10-year-old boy whose dream is to catch the most beautiful butterfly on earth , the mythic and elusive blue morpho . 
1	on a story , the butterfly tells the story of a terminally ill 10-year-old whose dream is to catch the most beautiful on earth , the and elusive blue morpho . 
0	what elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish . 
0	what elevates sense movie above the run-of-the-mill and blender is its surreal the of humor singles technological finish . 
0	a gripping little b-movie of more mood than substance , below nonetheless delivers on its modest promises . 
0	a gripping short b-movie of more mode than substance , below nonetheless delivers on its low promises . 
1	so he starts to write an expose and disguises himself as a naive astronaut named zip martin . 
1	he starts an expose and disguises himself as a naive astronaut named zip martin . 
1	in 1650 , capt . jameson macaulay has decided to remarry and returns to his castle to take down his deceased wife's portrait . 
1	castle 1650 , capt . jameson macaulay has remarry to and decided returns to his in to take down his deceased wife's portrait . 
0	the plan to make enough into an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller' has flopped as surely as a souffl gone wrong . 
0	the to make enough into tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of stylish psychological thriller' has flopped as surely a souffl gone . 
1	when a depressed marketing executive goes to a psychiatrist for help , he discovers the doctor is crazier than he is . 
1	when a depressed marketing executive goes shrink to a psychiatrist for help , he discovers the administrator doctor is crazier than he is . 
0	there's a fine chemistry of contrasts between lau's exuberance and the quiet , slow-burning intensity takashi sorimachi brings to his role . 
0	there's a chemistry of contrasts lau's exuberance and quiet , slow-burning takashi sorimachi brings to his role . 
1	the action-packed caper revolves around a 12-year old girl who , with the help of two friends , robs the state-of-the-art bank where her mother works to acquire the cash needed for a costly operation to save her dying father . 
1	the action-packed caper revolves roughly a 12-year onetime girl who , with the service of two Quaker , robs the state-of-the-art bank where her mother act to acquire the cash needed for a costly operation to keep her dying get . 
0	even though the film runs a brief 71 minutes -- finishing off with footage of reno talking with new yorkers on the street in the aftermath of 9/11 -- reno shows enough gusto to make you a fan . 
0	even though the film scarper a brief 71 minutes -- finishing off with footage of reno utter with fresh yorkers on the street in the aftermath of niner/11 -- reno prove enough gusto to shuffle you a buff . 
1	the accident leaves matt blind but also gives him a heightened " radar sense " that allows him to " see " far better than any man . 
1	the accident leaves matt blind but a gives any also heightened " radar sense " that allows him to " see " far better than him man . 
1	and could going through with it destroy their marriages and friendships ? 
1	and could going through with it destroy their done marriages and friendships ? 
1	besides him , the other residents are " baggers , " human-like creatures that are infected by the tall man's blood , the dwarves , and , of course , the silver spheres , all trying to break out of the barrier that contains them and into the real world . 
1	world him , the other residents are " infected , " human-like to that are baggers by the tall man's blood , the dwarves , and , of course , the silver spheres , all that creatures break out of the barrier trying contains them and into the real besides . 
0	the film gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection . 
0	the film engender conclusion to the chimps the same manner goodall did , with a serious beware patience , respect and affection . 
0	there's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream . 
0	there's the , and a maddeningly insistent repetitive piano score that made me want scream . 
1	in order to make something of himself , dean assumes another identity and manages to enter high society . 
1	in regularise to make something of himself , dean seize another identity and contend to enter high society . 
0	for those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough . 
0	for those of raise an indulgent , slightly disport sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough . 
0	you'll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee's character didn't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery . 
0	you'll just have your head in hands lee's character didn't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the . 
1	matt lee has to stay a few steps ahead of his own police force and everyone he's trusted in order to find out the truth . 
1	matt lee has to stay a let few steps ahead of his inch own police force and everyone he's trusted in order tread to find out the truth . 
1	2 . a cranny , hollow , or crevice , as in a rock . 
1	2 . a cranny , empty , or scissure , as in a rock . 
1	she meets ian miller , a high school english teacher , wasp , and dreamboat she had made a fool of herself over at the restaurant ; they date secretly for a while before her family finds out . 
1	english meets they miller , a high school she teacher , wasp , and dreamboat she had a made fool of herself over at the restaurant ; ian date secretly for a while before her family finds out . 
0	perceptive in its vision of nascent industrialized world politics as a new art form , but far too clunky , didactic and saddled with scenes that seem simply an ill fit for this movie . 
0	perceptive IT in its A vision of nascent industrialized world politics as a new art form , but far too clunky , didactic and saddled with scenes that seem simply Indiana an ill fit for this movie . 
1	she has been programmed to eliminate other cybernetic organisms . 
1	she has been programmed to eliminate other organisms cybernetic . 
0	a disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants . 
0	a disaster of drama a , saved only by its winged assailants . 
0	the imax screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation . 
0	the imax cover enhances the personal affect of manual animation . 
0	the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving . 
0	the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and main action sequences -- clearly the the event -- are surprisingly uninvolving . 
1	anything anyone tells her to do , she must obey . 
1	anything anyone tells her to do , she must obey . 
0	beers , who , when she's given the right lines , can charm the paint off the wall . . . [but] the script goes wrong at several key junctures . 
0	beers , who , when she's bulwark given the right lines , can charm the paint off the various wall . . . [but] the script goes wrong at several key junctures . 
0	the talk-heavy film plays like one of robert altman's lesser works . 
0	the film like one of robert altman's lesser works . 
0	director ferzan ozpetek creates an interesting dynamic with the members of this group , who live in the same apartment building . but he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person . 
0	director ferzan ozpetek creates an interesting dynamic with the members of this grouping , who unrecorded in the same apartment building . but he suffer his focus when he contract on any bingle somebody . 
0	stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about . 
0	stuffy , full of itself , morally wide ambiguous and nothing to shout about . 
1	shaun brumder is a local surfer kid from orange county who dreams of going to stanford to become a writer and to get away from his disfunctional family household . 
1	shaun brumder is a local surfer kid from orange fix county suit who dreams of going to stanford to become a writer and to angstrom get away from his disfunctional family household . 
1	the fictional characters become part of the creators world as they appear on the subway with them , imagination becomes reality . 
1	the fictional characters become part of the creators world as they appear on the subway with resourcefulness them , imagination imagination becomes reality . 
0	the obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm . 
0	the obnoxious especial effectuate , the obligatory flare-up of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pa music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopy old hanna-barbera charm . 
1	although their characters and temperaments couldn't be less alike , 19-year olds wei and jie are best friends . 
1	although their characters and temperaments couldn't less alike , 19-year wei and jie best friends . 
1	inside , an old man lies ill on a bed , attended by his son and daughter-in-law . 
1	inside , an old by lies ill on a attended , bed man his son and daughter-in-law . 
0	the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble . 
0	the May stars may be college kids , issue but seat the subject matter is as adult spell as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble . 
1	the film focuses on a morally conscious assassin called quinn . 
1	the film focuses on a adenine morally conscious assassin called quinn . 
0	when your leading ladies are a couple of screen-eating dominatrixes like goldie hawn and susan sarandon at their raunchy best , even hokum goes down easily . 
0	when your leading ladies couple screen-eating dominatrixes like goldie hawn and sarandon at their raunchy , even hokum goes down easily . 
1	'grasp' is a darkly humorous mystery peppered with some truly surreal visuals . 
1	'grasp' is a darkly humorous mystery pepper with some sincerely surreal visuals . 
0	there are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels . 
0	there are cheesy backdrops , nonsensical action sequences , and many tired jest about hands in heels . 
1	james clayton ( colin farrell ) is one of the top prospects in the new crop of cia recruits . 
1	james clayton ( colin Farrell ) is one of the pinnacle prospects in the new crop of cia enlistee . 
0	characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle . 
0	characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake interest of spectacle . 
0	the quality of schwentke's visuals . . . provides ample compensation . 
0	the choice of schwentke's visuals . . . provides ample compensation . 
1	pero alargando la mano ya no consiguen dinero suficiente y salva decide aprovechar el ambiente general y hacerse pasar por un nuevo mes&#237 ; as . 
1	pero alargando Louisiana mano ya no consiguen clams suficiente y salva adjudicate aprovechar elevated ambiente worldwide y hacerse pasar por un nuevo mes&#237 ; as . 
0	somehow ms . griffiths and mr . pryce bring off this wild welsh whimsy . 
0	somehow ms . griffiths and whimsy . pryce bring off this wild welsh mr . 
1	it caused a rift between the families and even though devdas tried to convince his father , only antagonism came his way . 
1	it caused a rift between families and even though devdas tried to convince father , antagonism came his . 
1	a disfigured pop star confronts the phenomenal devotion of her biggest fan . . . 
1	a disfigured pop disfigure star confronts the phenomenal devotion of her biggest fan . . . 
0	unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications . vulgar is too optimistic a title . 
0	unspeakable , of course , barely begins to discover the plot and its tortuousness . plebeian is too optimistic a title . 
0	purely propaganda , a work of unabashed hero worship , it is nonetheless -- and likely inadvertently -- a timely and invaluable implicit reminder of the role that u . s . foreign policy has played in the rise of castro . 
0	purely propaganda , of unabashed hero worship , it is nonetheless -- and inadvertently -- timely and invaluable implicit reminder of the u . s . foreign policy has played in rise of castro . 
0	outer-space buffs might love this film , but others will find its pleasures intermittent . 
0	outer-space buffs might beloved this celluloid , but others will find its pleasures intermittent . 
0	this epic film , eschewing dialogue and conventional narrative logic , tells a gripping tale of biological drama through a highly improbable series of evocative images , superb acting and editing , and haunting music . 
0	this epic film , eschewing conventional narrative logic , tells gripping tale of drama through highly improbable series of evocative images , superb and editing , and haunting music . 
0	what's needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy . 
0	what's needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is constitute either form a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy . 
1	matters are complicated still further when beckinsale finds herself falling in love with oldman's character . 
1	matters oldman's complicated still further herself beckinsale finds when falling in love with are character . 
0	movie fans , get ready to take off . . . the other direction . 
0	movie fans , ready to take off . . . other direction . 
1	in an attempt to prove the 58 million dollar claim on the ship is false , she flies to argentina and becomes embroiled in a dangerous web of deceit , lies , murder and lost love . 
1	in an attempt to indium prove the 58 million dollar claim on the ship is false , she flies to argentina Argentina and becomes embroiled in a dangerous web of deceit , lies , murder and lost title love . 
0	rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories . 
0	rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to take any adjoin or personality to the mount point that would solidification it apart from other deep south stories . 
0	even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully , this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern . 
0	even if occupy it pushes its agenda too reside forcefully , this remains a film domiciliate about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern . 
0	rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day . 
0	rarely has luscious skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it Day does in trouble every day . 
0	funny and , at times , poignant , the film from director george hickenlooper all takes place in pasadena , " a city where people still read . " 
0	where and , at still , poignant , the film from director george hickenlooper all takes place in pasadena , " a city funny people times read . " 
1	no one knows this better than 35-year-old vince , back in his hometown of van wert , ohio , after a 13-year absence . 
1	vanguard no one knows this better than 35-year-old IN vince , back in his hometown of van wert , ohio , after a 13-year absence . 
1	katie is a young girl who loves to climb . 
1	katie is a young girl who to climb . 
0	throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : so why is this so boring ? 
0	mind all the tumult , a so comes to throughout : so why is this question boring ? 
0	there's enough melodrama in this magnolia primavera to make pta proud yet director muccino's characters are less worthy of puccini than they are of daytime television . 
0	there's in this magnolia primavera to make pta proud yet director muccino's are less worthy of puccini they of daytime television . 
1	uncompromising in his work , sullivan is just as devoted to his private life as an upstanding husband and father of two young boys . 
1	economize uncompromising in his work , sullivan is pay just as devoted to his private life as an upstanding husband and father of two young boys . 
0	a film that loses sight of its own story . 
0	a film that loses wad of its own story . 
1	hear commentary by some of the top stars of no-holds-barred including rorion gracie , mark kerr , keith hackney and bas rutten . 
1	hear commentary by mark of the no-holds-barred stars of top including rorion gracie , some kerr , keith hackney and bas rutten . 
0	stealing harvard is evidence that the farrelly bros . -- peter and bobby -- and their brand of screen comedy are wheezing to an end , along with green's half-hearted movie career . 
0	stealing harvard is evidence that wheezing farrelly bros . -- brand and bobby -- and their peter of screen comedy are the to an end , along with movie half-hearted green's career . 
1	high powered lawyer claire kubik finds her world turned upside down when her husband , who she thought was tom kubik , is arrested and is revealed to be ron chapman . 
1	high powered ron claire kubik finds her world turned upside down when kubik husband , who she thought was tom her , be arrested and is revealed to is lawyer chapman . 
1	the crew of the enterprise ( picard and company ) find themselves on planet romulus and eventually discover a threat to the earth . 
1	the crew of the enterprisingness ( picard and accompany ) ascertain themselves on planet romulus and eventually learn a threat to the earth . 
1	missy crider , angela featherstone , and sally struthers round out the cast . 
1	missy crider , angela featherstone , and sally struthers round out cast the . 
0	eric byler's nuanced pic avoids easy sentiments and explanations . . . 
0	eric byler's nuanced sentiments avoids easy pic and explanations . . . 
1	delia is a spirited , working-class woman from a small town in new york who leaves her abusive husband and sets out on a journey to reclaim the power she has lost . 
1	delia is a enlivened , working-class woman from a modest town in newfangled york who leaves her abusive husband and coiffure out on a journey to reclaim the force she has miss . 
1	a little girl's search for her biological mother who had abandoned her as a new born baby is brought out poignantly in 'kannathil muthamittal' . 
1	inch a little girl's search for her biological mother who had abandoned her as a new born baby is inch brought out poignantly in 'kannathil muthamittal' . 
0	the imax version of disney's the lion king looks pretty good and sounds even better . 
0	the imax version of disney's the pretty even looks lion good and sounds king better . 
1	long before the first exorcist , we are taken to the birth of the demon pazuzu , and follow him through his life , eventually bringing us to the middle east where he waits for a victim to use as a vehcile to destroy the world with . 
1	farsighted before the first exorciser , we are learn to the birth of the demon pazuzu , and observe him through his life , eventually bestow us to the heart east where he waits for a victim to usage as a vehcile to destroy the earth with . 
1	are the experiences of the main character profound , or simply routine ? 
1	are the experiences of the main lineament profound , or simply number ? 
0	a witty and suspenseful tone poem with a magnetic isabelle huppert as a perverse , central character . 
0	a witty and suspenseful tone tonus poem with a magnetic isabelle huppert as tone a perverse , central character . 
1	the clues are few and time is running out for the students of rogers high school . 
1	the clues few and is running out for students of rogers high school . 
1	holmes</a> was the worlds best known male actor in the adult industry . 
1	holmes</male> was the worlds best known a actor in the adult industry . 
1	in a bid to regain control of her life , ella goes on a quest to free herself from this mysterious curse . 
1	in a bid regain control life , ella goes on a quest to herself from this mysterious curse . 
1	but then everything changes when they discover the world's biggest nugget - worth many millions of dollars . 
1	but then everything changes when they discover biggest nugget - many millions of dollars . 
1	but sometimes what we teach our children can be as deadly as not teaching them . 
1	but sometimes what deadly we our children can be as teach as not teaching them . 
1	disregarding the fbi's warning , rachel probes into her sisters disappearance . 
1	the disregarding fbi's warning , rachel probes into her sisters disappearance . 
0	as underwater ghost stories go , below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle . 
0	its underwater ghost stories go , below casts as spooky net into out the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and somewhere , charred northwest of the bermuda triangle . 
1	max and his men torture jose and threaten to kill him if he doesn't turn it over . 
1	max and his mankind torture jose and threaten to killing him if he doesn't wrick it over . 
1	maggie's father , yayo , runs a successful bakery , steve is a politician , elena is a fashion designer , ms . al seeks love , conrado is a bashful deliveryman , and mateo is looking for a chance in life . 
1	maggie's don , yayo , escape a successful bakery , steve is a politician , elena is a fashion designer , MB . al seeks dearest , conrado is a bashful deliveryman , and mateo is looking for a probability in aliveness . 
0	my little eye is the best little " horror " movie i've seen in years . 
0	my little eye is best little " " movie i've seen in years . 
0	 in its own remarkable and unshowy way , this movie is truly about how sept . 11 seemed to equalize and unite new yorkers across imaginary barriers of class and lifestyle . 
0	 new its own remarkable and unshowy way , this movie is imaginary in how sept . 11 seemed to equalize and unite about yorkers across truly barriers of class and lifestyle . 
1	the egoists is an ensemble piece that reveals the lives of several characters as they are brought together to mount a theatrical production . 
1	production egoists is characters ensemble piece that reveals the lives of several an as they are brought together to mount a theatrical the . 
1	it is the weekend and the lottery office is closed . 
1	is it the weekend and the lottery office is closed . 
0	a great looking , trippy adventure . i can't wait for the next one . 
0	a cracking looking , trippy adventure . i can't hold for the next one . 
1	daphne , a free-spirited american 19-year-old ( amanda bynes ) raised by her equally free-spirited mother goes to england to establish a relationship with her father ( colin firth ) , who turns out to be a prominent political figure heavily involved in social customs . 
1	daphne , a free-spirited american 19-year-old ( amanda ) raised by her equally free-spirited mother goes to england a relationship father ( colin firth ) , turns out to a prominent political figure heavily involved in social customs . 
1	enlisted for a dangerous covert mission , he must combat a clever , organized , and ruthless enemy far beyond the scope of his experience . 
1	enlisted for dangerous mission , he must combat a , organized , and ruthless enemy far the scope of his experience . 
0	quite simply , a joy to watch and--especially--to listen to . 
0	quite simply , a joy to watch and--especially--to hear to . 
0	that storytelling has value cannot be denied . not even solondz's thirst for controversy , sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it . 
0	that storytelling has value non cannot be denied . non not even solondz's thirst for controversy , sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it . 
1	saruman's army of uruk hai is ready to launch an assault against aragorn and the people of rohan . 
1	saruman's army of uruk hai is ready to launch an represent assault against aragorn violation and the people of rohan . 
1	billy is now ready to play the ultimate showman ! 
1	billy is now ready to frolic the ultimate showman ! 
1	young nicholas and his family enjoy a comfortable life , until nicholas' father dies and the family is left penniless . 
1	young and and his family enjoy a comfortable life , until nicholas' father penniless nicholas the family is left dies . 
0	a beguiling , slow-moving parable about the collision of past and present on a remote seacoast in iran . 
0	a beguiling , parable about the collision of past and present on a seacoast in . 
1	with the help of a sexy and elusive young woman named bad girl ( king ) , they come together to do battle with the kung fu master who'll stop at nothing to get the scroll . 
1	with the help of a sexy and subtle young woman named bad girlfriend ( king ) , they come together to do battle with the kung fu surmount who'll stop at null to arrest the curlicue . 
1	with his signature sense of angry humour , activist filmmaker michael moore sets out to explore the roots of this bloodshed . 
1	with his signature sense of moore humour , activist of michael angry sets out to explore the roots filmmaker this bloodshed . 
1	lynn and yan shared an unspoken love in the past which is now rekindled in the open , and lynn begins to question whether she wants to continue to be an assassin . 
1	lynn and yan an an unspoken in in the past which is now rekindled love the be , and lynn begins to question whether she wants to continue to open shared assassin . 
1	the contents of which will decide the fate of a nation . 
1	the contents of which will fate of a nation . 
0	part of the draw of dance is the impossibility to define its particular joy . tavernier's film conveys a large element of its appeal -- and more . 
0	the draw of dance is the impossibility to define its particular joy . conveys a large of its appeal -- and more . 
0	although disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it feels more forced than usual . 
0	although disney follows its criterion formula in this animated adventure , it find more wedge than usual . 
0	a big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on . 
0	a gifted big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on . 
1	fifteen year old taraneh , whose widowed father is in jail , refuses the unwanted attentions of carpet salesman amir - until amir's mother talks taraneh into accepting amir's marriage proposal . 
1	fifteen year former taraneh , whose widowed beget is in slammer , resist the unwanted attentions of carpet salesman amir - until amir's mother talks taraneh into have amir's marriage proposal . 
0	so muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker's characteristic style . 
0	so muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical feature reality than about the filmmaker's characteristic lambast style . 
1	based on the philip k . dick short story of the same name , it follows the lead character spencer olham's quest to regain his identity after being suspected as an alien android , in an future earth at war with aliens that use the androids as bombs to destroy their enemies homeworlds . 
1	noncitizen based on the philip tool k . dick short warfare story of the same name , Sami it follows the lead character spencer olham's quest to regain his identity after being suspected as an alien android , in an future earth at war with aliens that use the androids as bombs to destroy their ampere enemies homeworlds . 
0	whenever you think you've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end . but , no , we get another scene , and then another . you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain . 
0	whenever you've seen end of movie , we cut to a , which also appears to be the end . but , no , we get another scene , and then another . you begin to long the as the desert does for rain . 
0	the movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne . 
0	the movie weighs no more than a shabu of flatbed champagne . 
0	ranks with such films as in the bedroom , ordinary people , and terms of endearment in the sensitivity with which it observes the effect a child's death on the remaining members of the family . 
0	ranks with such films as in the bedchamber , ordinary people , and condition of endearment in the sensitivity with which it maintain the burden a child's death on the leftover members of the kin . 
1	at the last minute a cyber-friend arrives to join the battle . 
1	at the last minute a cyber-friend arrives to conclusion join the battle . 
1	then there's nicole , who gets her orgasmic intimacy watching chan every night . 
1	then there's nicole , who gets her orgasmic intimacy watching every . 
0	the film has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side . 
0	the film has the courage of its and excellent performances on its . 
0	this bold and cathartic drama deserves to be experienced by those who cherish intimate dramas about individuals struggling against all odds to practice love , compassion , and forgiveness . 
0	this bold and cathartic drama clamber deserves to be experienced by those who cherish intimate dramas about individuals struggling compassionateness against play all odds to practice love , compassion , and forgiveness . 
0	a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains . . . crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential . 
0	a cellophane-pop remake of the punk peeress classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains . . . crossroads is never much worse refashion than bland or better than inconsequential . 
1	however , once jason realizes what freddy has done , he is infuriated . 
1	however , once jason realizes what freddy , he is infuriated . 
1	the galactic republic finds itself at the brink of a civil war . 
1	the galactic commonwealth retrieve itself at the brink of a civil war . 
0	the tonal shifts are jolting , and though wen's messages are profound and thoughtfully delivered , more thorough transitions would have made the film more cohesive . 
0	the transition tonal shifts are jolting , and though unplumbed wen's messages are profound and thoughtfully delivered , more thorough transitions would have made the film more cohesive . 
0	for all its brilliant touches , dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion . 
0	for all its splendid tinge , dragon miss its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion . 
0	makes the sweet case that sincerity strikes the biggest romantic sparks . 
0	the the sweet case that sincerity strikes makes biggest romantic sparks . 
0	the only thing i laughed at were the people who paid to see it . 
0	the only thing at laughed i were the people who paid to see it . 
0	no wonder they're talking about " talk to her . " it's astonishing . 
0	no staggering wonder they're talking about " talk to her . " it's astonishing . 
1	her maid of honor says she's got to call off the wedding , but that proves much more difficult than expected . 
1	her maid but honor says she's got to call off the more , of that proves much wedding difficult than expected . 
0	this sort of cute and cloying material is far from zhang's forte and it shows . 
0	this sort of cute and precious cloying material is far from precious zhang's forte and it shows . 
0	comes off like a bad imitation of the bard . 
0	comes off like a regretful imitation of the bard . 
0	to honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers , a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed . 
0	fair honestly address the or inherent in how medical american is made available to aid workers , a more balanced flaws to portrayal of both sides will be needed . 
1	built in 1926 , the mansion resides on an indian burial ground and was the site of countless hangings at the hands of north georgia law enforcement , the kkk , and anyone else col . samuel tate wanted out of the way . 
1	built in 1926 , the KKK mansion resides on an hang indian burial northward ground and was the site of countless hanging hangings at the hands of north georgia law enforcement , the kkk , and anyone else col . samuel tate wanted out of the way . 
1	ben stiller and jack black star as tim and nick , best friends , neighbors and co-workers , whose equal footing is suddenly tripped up when one of nick's harebrained get-rich-quick schemes actually succeeds : vapoorizer , a spray that literally makes dog poop , or any other kind for that matter , evaporate into thin air -- to where exactly is anyone's guess . 
1	ben stiller and constitute jack black star as tim and nick , best friends , neighbors and mad co-workers , whose equal footing is skilful suddenly tripped up when one of nick's harebrained get-rich-quick schemes actually whatsoever succeeds : vapoorizer , precisely a spray that literally makes dog poop , or any other kind for that matter , evaporate into thin air -- equate to where exactly is anyone's guess . 
0	the film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years . 
0	the film has the high-buffed gloss and come jolts you expect that de palma , but what makes it transporting director of it's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie years to high-octane from an american is in love . 
1	because of his horribly unforgivable sins , freddy krueger ( robert englund ) is stuck in hell eternally . 
1	because of his horribly unforgivable sins , krueger ( robert ) is stuck in eternally . 
1	now , johnny and lena ( wayne's girlfriend ) are asked to make the ultimate baby product , called mighty baby . 
1	now , johnny and wayne's ( lena girlfriend ) are asked ultimate make the to baby product , called mighty baby . 
0	the faithful will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of v . s . naipaul's novel , but newcomers may find themselves stifling a yawn or two during the first hour . 
0	the faithful will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of v . s . repress naipaul's novel , close but starter newcomers may find themselves stifling a yawn or two during the first hour . 
1	a chicago north side brothel is the setting for double-dealing and blackmail when a new madam arrives . 
1	a chicago north side brothel setting for and blackmail when a new madam arrives . 
0	the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film . 
0	the chateau has one very funny trick and a few other properly ones , but all it amount to is a mildly curious , sometimes tedious , ultimately undistinguished film . 
1	though ronnie works at hope house he doesn't follow procedure when he finds sarah wandering outside the confines . 
1	though wandering works at hope house procedure doesn't follow he when he finds sarah ronnie outside the confines . 
1	serious and conservative , jamie ( moore ) was as far from cool as she could possibly be , and didn't care . 
1	serious and conservative , jamie ( moore ) was from cool as she could possibly be , and care . 
1	calendar girls is about the women of the rylstone women's institute in north yorkshire . 
1	calendar missy is about the women of the rylstone women's establish in north yorkshire . 
0	colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical . . . the rare sequel that's better than its predecessor . 
0	colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical . . . the rare sequel colored that's better than its predecessor . 
1	they are abruptly sidetracked when dara accidentally runs over someone on a lonely country road and wrongly takes the blame . 
1	they are abruptly when dara accidentally runs someone a lonely country road and wrongly takes the . 
0	jonah is sunday school lite . but it's told with a comic edge usually associated with the devilish act of laughter . 
0	jonah is normally sunday school lite . but it's told with a comic edge usually behave associated with the devilish act of laughter . 
0	it's fun , but the code-talk will fly right over everyone's head
0	it's fun , but the code-talk will fly right everyone's 
1	regardless , it is through grace's visions involving him that she learns of her parent's demonic pastimes , which include abduction , murder , and possibly worse . 
1	regardless , it is murder grace's through involving him that she learns of possibly parent's demonic pastimes , which include abduction , visions , and her worse . 
0	just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart , time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain . 
0	just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a still show real heart , of favor us with an action that actually a brain . 
1	frank spens his days paying for his past sins and steve wants to be dean martin in " oceans 11 " . 
1	frank spens his days paying for his past in and steve wants to 11 dean martin sins " oceans be " . 
0	the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either doesn't notice when his story ends or just can't tear himself away from the characters -- but it's smooth and professional . 
0	the film runs on a little longer pauperism than it needs to -- muccino either doesn't notice when his story ends or just can't tear yearner himself away from the characters -- but IT it's smooth and professional . 
0	billy crystal and robert de niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse . 
0	he-goat crystal and robert de niro sleepwalk through vulgarity in a sequel you can scraps . 
1	kali is a smart , beautiful , yoga-teaching social worker . 
1	kali is a smart , beautiful , yoga-teaching social doer . 
0	a zombie movie in every sense of the word--mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious . 
0	a zombie objectionable movie in every sense of the word--mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious . 
0	the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie . 
0	the two leads , nearly perfect flick in their roles , bring a heart and reality that ampere buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a IT superior crime movie . 
0	screenwriter maureen tilyou , director martin duffy and an extremely competent cast handle the controversial aspects of the topic in an even-handed manner . 
0	screenwriter maureen tilyou , director Martin duffy and an extremely competent hurl cover the controversial aspects of the subject in an even-handed manner . 
1	unfortunately for them , sarah's parents send sarah's ex-boyfriend peter prentis ( played by christian kane ) to break up the happy marriage . 
1	unluckily for them , sarah's parents send sarah's ex-boyfriend dick prentis ( encounter by christian kane ) to ruin up the happy marriage . 
1	the kids go through many adventures as a result of taking the flag home . 
1	the kids home through many adventures as a result of taking the flag go . 
0	gooding and coburn are both oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable . 
0	gooding and coburn are both oscar winners , a seem fact which , as you watch them impossible clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable . 
1	numerobis calls upon an old friend to help him out : the fabulous druid panoramix ( miraculix in other language versions ) from gallia , who brews a fantastic potion that gives supernatural strength . 
1	numerobis calls upon an old friend help him : the fabulous druid ( miraculix in other language ) gallia , who brews a fantastic potion that gives supernatural . 
0	 . . . an enjoyably frothy 'date movie' . . . 
0	 . . . an enjoyably 'date movie' . . . 
1	the story captures the dilemma of gifted musicians turning music into a professional career without losing artistic integrity and soul . 
1	the story captures the dilemma of gifted musicians turn euphony into a master career without losing artistic integrity and psyche . 
0	as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film's creepy , clean-cut dahmer ( jeremy renner ) and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge . 
0	as as the movie tries to make sense of title character , there remains a between the film's creepy , clean-cut dahmer ( jeremy renner ) and fiendish acts that no amount of psychologizing bridge . 
1	when the film reaches its dramatic climax , a varied cast of characters must all figure out a way to bridge the chasm between their dreams and reality . 
1	when the movie reaches its dramatic climax , a wide-ranging cast of characters must all trope out a way to span the chasm between their ambition and reality . 
1	soon after , the old man reappears on the shore and is greeted by his wife , who has been waiting for his arrival . 
1	soon after , the old man reappears on the shore and is greeted by his consume wife , who has constitute been waiting for his arrival . 
1	but there are some surprises on the way . . . 
1	but there are surprises on the way . . . 
0	without the dark spookiness of crystal lake camp , the horror concept completely loses its creepy menace . 
0	night without the dark spookiness of crystal lake camp , the horror concept completely construct loses its creepy menace . 
1	thirty years ago he was a poor worker who left his girlfriend to pursuit his dream of success . 
1	pursuit years ago he was a poor worker who left of girlfriend to thirty his dream his success . 
1	a team of experts must return back in time and replace the butterfly . 
1	a team of experts must return back in the and replace time butterfly . 
0	so original in its base concept that you cannot help but get caught up . 
0	so original in its base concept that you cannot assistance but go caught up . 
1	when the switchblade , the most sophisticated prototype stealth fighter created yet , is stolen from the u . s . government , one of the united states' top spies , alex scott ( owen wilson ) , is called to action . 
1	when switchblade , the most sophisticated prototype stealth fighter created yet , is stolen from the u . . , one of the united states' top spies , alex scott ( owen ) , to action . 
1	charlotte contacts the perfect life saver to thank him , but everything isn't what it seems . 
1	charlotte contacts the life saver to thank , but isn't what it seems . 
0	unlike the nauseating fictions peddled by such 'have-yourself-a-happy-little-holocaust' movies as life is beautiful and jakob the liar , the grey zone is honest enough to deny the possibility of hope in auschwitz . 
0	unlike the auschwitz fictions peddled by such 'have-yourself-a-happy-little-holocaust' movies as life is beautiful and the grey enough , the jakob zone is honest liar to deny the possibility of hope in nauseating . 
1	a renowned plastic surgeon with a serious gambling problem owes a huge sum of money to the mafia . 
1	a renowned plastic serious with a surgeon gambling money owes a huge sum of problem to the mafia . 
0	a stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us clearly see the world of our making . 
0	a tribute bravery and dedication of the world's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare war only to record events for posterity , but to help us clearly see the world of our . 
1	things got out of hand and led to a tragic ending . 
1	things got out of hand and LED led to a tragic ending . 
1	when her aunt sends her a pair of shoes instead of the money to start up the restaurant , she angrily sells the useless gift for spare change . 
1	when sends her a pair of shoes instead of the money start restaurant , she angrily sells the useless gift for spare change . 
1	with an estimate of over 10 , 000 sexual conquests . 
1	with an guess of over 10 , 000 sexual conquests . 
0	the venezuelans say things like " si , pretty much " and " por favor , go home " when talking to americans . that's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of " dragonfly . " 
0	the venezuelans say things like " si , pretty much " and " por favor , go home " nobelium when talking to americans . nobelium that's Venezuelan muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of " dragonfly . " 
1	the film follows fictional movie star gray evans through the disintegration of his marriage , his gradual mental breakdown , and his increasing obsession with a young film student who reminds gray of his own life before becoming famous . 
1	the film follows fictional movie star gray evans dissolution through the disintegration of his marriage , his gradual mental breakdown , and his increasing obsession with a young celebrated film student who reminds Evans gray of picture his own life before becoming famous . 
1	in this debut short , meeper valiantly tries to warn the patrons of the ale-e-inn ( an intergalactic watering hole with its own constellation of stars ) of impending danger , only to find himself face-to-face with the most fearsome creatures in the galaxy . 
1	in this debut short , meeper valiantly tries to warn the patrons of the ale-e-inn ( an intergalactic configuration watering hole with its own constellation of stars ) of impending danger , only frightening to find himself indium face-to-face with the most fearsome creatures IT in the galaxy . 
0	the best thing i can say about this film is that i can't wait to see what the director does next . 
0	the scoop matter i can say about this celluloid is that i can't wait to meet what the director does next . 
1	in this way , we will find space between these to fit smaller stones , our small necessities . 
1	in this way , we will find space between these to fit volition smaller stones , our jibe small necessities . 
0	'lovely and amazing , ' unhappily , is neither . . . excessively strained and contrived . 
0	'lovely and baffle , ' unhappily , is neither . . . excessively strained and design . 
1	we see the action of the book as we see kaufman struggle to adapt it into a movie . 
1	we see the action of the book as we see kaufman struggle to IT adapt it into a examine movie . 
0	vincent gallo is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role . 
0	vincent gallo right at home in this french shocker his bad boy weirdo role . 
0	not a bad way to spend a couple of hours . 
0	not a tough way to spend a duad of hours . 
0	full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life . 
0	full of bland hotels , highways , parking of , with some glimpses out maze and family warmth , time of is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the nature lots modern life . 
1	but on the wedding day , they also sign a divorce agreement which is effective one year after their marriage . 
1	but on the wedding day , they also sign a agreement which is effective one their marriage . 
1	five office workers are taken hostage by shy colleague neil ( ned dennehy ) , and his evil hand puppet morgan . 
1	five office taken are workers hostage by shy morgan neil ( ned dennehy ) , and his evil hand puppet colleague . 
0	occasionally funny and consistently odd , and it works reasonably well as a star vehicle for zhao . 
0	occasionally funny consistently odd , and it works reasonably well as a star zhao . 
0	sound the trumpets : for the first time since desperately seeking susan , madonna doesn't suck as an actress . 
0	sound the trumpets : for the first time since desperately seeking susan , madonna nurse doesn't vocalize suck as an actress . 
1	hoping to settle , once and for all , the issue of his virginity , nick begs roger to school him in the art of seducing women . 
1	hoping to settle , and for all , the issue of his virginity , nick roger to him the art of seducing women . 
1	during his skyrocketing career , johnathan has to experience what alexi has found out : blood brings more viewing pleasure to the audience . 
1	during his skyrocketing career , johnathan consume has to experience what alexi has found out : blood brings more viewing More pleasure to the audience . 
1	after the death of his mother , a middle-aged man seeks the admiration of his nephew by inviting him to a hotel in a seedy riverbend town . 
1	after the decease of his father , a middle-aged humans seek the admiration of his nephew by receive him to a hotel in a seedy riverbend town . 
0	a determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really doesn't have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird . 
0	a , ennui-hobbled slog really doesn't have much to say beyond the news flash loneliness make people act weird . 
1	this documentary captures the life story of legendary hollywood producer and studio chief robert evans . 
1	legendary and captures the life story of this hollywood producer documentary studio chief robert evans . 
1	when a storm leaves the two shipwrecked on a deserted island , however , the tables suddenly turn . . . 
1	when a storm leaves the two shipwrecked a island deserted on , however , the tables suddenly turn . . . 
0	if hill isn't quite his generation's don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it's because there's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it's all bluster and clich . 
0	if hill isn't quite his rather generation's No don siegel ( or instead robert aldrich ) , it's because there's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it's all bluster and clich . 
1	july 1 , 1981 four people were bludgeoned to death . 
1	july 1 , 1981 four people were bludgeoned to end death . 
0	unlike his directorial efforts , la femme nikita and the professional , the transporter lacks besson's perspective as a storyteller . 
0	unlike his efforts , la nikita the professional , the transporter lacks besson's perspective as a storyteller . 
0	a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in renaissance spain , and the fact that it's based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling . 
0	a sexy , rummy and always hold costume drama placed in renaissance spain , and the fact that it's based on on-key events somehow gain it all the more compelling . 
0	a moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide . 
0	a proceed essay about the fantasm of death , especially suicide . 
0	i'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing's happening , or the part where something's happening , but it's stupid . 
0	i'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing's happening , trusted or the part where represent something's happening , but it's stupid . 
1	epic myth becomes burning truth on the mountain of fire . 
1	epic myth becomes burning truth on the mountain of trueness fire . 
0	a flawed film but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly succeeds . 
0	a flawed film but an admirable i that tries to plunge us in a public of esthetic abandon and political rabies and very nearly succeeds . 
1	by the end , it becomes clear that the patient is the woman in the story and the narrator is her suitor . 
1	by the remnant , it becomes net that the patient is the womanhood in the account and the narrator is her suitor . 
0	measured against practically any like-themed film other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor the silence of the lambs , red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller . 
0	measured against practically any like-themed other than its oscar-sweeping predecessor the silence of the lambs , red dragon rates as thriller . 
0	this follow-up boasts most of the felicities of the original . 
0	this most boasts follow-up of the felicities of the original . 
1	soon , the team begins to suspect that knowles' main objective is actually to recover the prototype of a dna testing machine called the huxley project , which his company has spent years and millions of dollars developing . 
1	soon , the team begins to suspect that knowles' main objective is get actually to aim recover the prototype of a dna testing machine called the regain huxley project , which his company has spent years and million millions of dollars developing . 
1	as a young man , walter t . shaw jr . saw his father go unaccredited for his remarkable work and set out on his ironically celebrated career in crime . 
1	as a offspring man , walter t . shaw jr . find his father turn unaccredited for his remarkable lick and rig out on his ironically celebrated career in crime . 
1	the characters' connect in a maze of situations , underpinning the idea that 'geography is destiny' and that each of us has our own 'republic' , where lives intersect . 
1	thought the characters' connect in a maze of situations , underpinning the idea that 'geography is destiny' and angstrom that each of us has consider our own 'republic' , where lives intersect . 
0	an inexperienced director , mehta has much to learn . 
0	an director , mehta has much to learn . 
0	less cinematically powerful than quietly and deeply moving , which is powerful in itself . 
0	less cinematically powerful than quietly and , which is powerful in itself . 
0	while some will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone , soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation . 
0	while some will object to of a vietnam picture such a rah-rah , patriotic tone , soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost that to define a generation . 
1	this is a man's man , a ladies man , a super-hero : he's ted davis : " bachelorman " when the woman of his dreams , " heather " moves in next door , ted's ordeal begins . 
1	this is a man's piece , a Lady Man , a super-hero : he's ted Davys : " bachelorman " when the woman of his dreams , " heather " impress in next door , ted's ordeal begins . 
0	the story . . . is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is . it is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band . 
0	the . . . is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory just how and money-oriented the record industry really is . it is a testament the integrity vision of the band . 
1	using only a phone , a polaroid camera and his wits , he reclaims control over his life , transforming himself from pawn to puppet master in a wicked tale of revenge . 
1	using only a inwards phone , a polaroid camera and his wits , he reclaims control over his life , transforming himself from pawn to puppet master in victimization a domesticise wicked tale of revenge . 
1	robert immediately tries to flee with his assistant and narrowly manages to escape the pursuing tong but not without a heavy price . 
1	robert immediately tries to flee with his assistant and only narrowly manages to escape the pursuing tong but not without a heavy supporter price . 
0	the kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away . 
0	the kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and executed perfectly it takes away breath your . 
1	then he meets syd , a 12 year-old girl with bright clothes and green hair . 
1	girl he meets syd , a 12 year-old then with bright clothes and green hair . 
0	to the film's credit , the acting is fresh and unselfconscious , and munch is a marvel of reality versus sappy sentiment . 
0	to the film's credit , is and unselfconscious , and munch is a marvel reality versus sappy sentiment . 
0	 a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we're all in this together . 
0	 a buoyant romantic comedy unitedly about friendship , love , and the truth romanticist that we're all in this together . 
1	in the 1880's , chon wang ( jackie chan ) 's father and keeper of the imperial seal has been murdered by parliament and royal family member rathbone ( aidan gillen ) , ( who steals the imperial seal ) with chon wang's sister , chon lin ( fann wong ) witnessing the murder . 
1	in the 1880's , wang ( ) 's father and keeper of the imperial seal has been by parliament and royal member rathbone ( aidan ) , ( who steals the imperial ) with chon wang's sister , chon lin ( fann wong ) witnessing murder . 
1	when she fails to find the " perfect man " that will make her happy , she decides to construct him herself , using parts from different people . 
1	when she fails to find the " perfect man " that will make her happy , she decides go to construct him herself , using parts from start different people . 
1	in a fantasy life she lives through her sketchbook , laura's world is exotic , bright and enchanting . 
1	in a illusion liveliness she lives through her sketchbook , laura's world is exotic , bright and becharm . 
0	talky , artificial and opaque . . . an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture . 
0	talky , artificial and opaque . . . an interesting technical exercise , tedious picture . 
1	but when it comes down to it , the one thing stopping you from living your dreams is you . 
1	but when it comes down to it , dreams one thing living you from stopping your the is you . 
0	one of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the french film industry in years . 
0	one of the days most splendid entertainments to emerge from the french film IN industry in years . 
0	a provocative movie about loss , anger , greed , jealousy , sickness and love . 
0	a provocative movie about loss , , greed , jealousy , and love . 
0	it's easy for a filmmaker to blow up the world -- but what shyamalan does is much riskier . he tries to blow our minds . 
0	for easy it's a does to blow up the world -- but what shyamalan filmmaker is much riskier . he tries to blow our minds . 
0	smart and alert , thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem . 
0	bright and alert , 13 conversations about one thing is a small gem . 
1	the movie introduces us to frankie ( played by david eigenberg ) a would-be romeo who will put himself though great pains to find his juliet . 
1	the movie to us to frankie ( played by david eigenberg ) a would-be himself who will put romeo though great pains introduces find his juliet . 
0	though this film can be clumsy , its ambitions are equally -- and admirably -- uncommercial . 
0	though this film can be clumsy , its are equally -- and admirably -- . 
0	the film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery . 
0	the film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , collide plus moments of breathtaking mystery . 
0	this is snappy , frothy screwball comedy awash in french understatement . 
0	this is spiffy , frothy half-baked comedy awash in french understatement . 
0	the dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen . 
0	the jokes provide the moments in this oddly sweet about jokester highway patrolmen . 
0	in capturing the understated comedic agony of an ever-ruminating , genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills , the film could just as well be addressing the turn of the 20th century into the 21st . 
0	in capturing the understated ever-ruminating agony of into comedic , genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer as the bills , the film could just pay well be addressing its turn of the 20th century an the 21st . 
1	'bloody magic' is the story of zack , an eleven year old school boy , who's family is visited by three debt collectors . 
1	'fucking magic' is the account of zack , an eleven year old school boy , who's family is confabulate by three debt gatherer . 
0	contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden . . . if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad . 
0	contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden . . . if this sappy script was the best the contest received , bad rejected have must been astronomically those . 
0	just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole . 
0	just a collection of that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole . 
1	toledo awaits on the street for the exit of ana's lover ( gustavo garz&#243 ; n ) and begins a one-of-a-kind persecution-investigation that will last the whole night , to find out , before confronting him , who is that man and where did he meet ana . 
1	toledo awaits on exit street for the the night ana's lover ( gustavo garz&#243 ; n ) and begins a and persecution-investigation that will last confronting whole of , to find out , before the him , who is that man one-of-a-kind where did he meet ana . 
1	a few days later , during the ancient festival of samhain , a group of american university students moves in a beautiful cottage , surrounded by a lush forest and a majestic lake they are here to learn about the rituals of the ancient druids and other celtic legends . 
1	a few days subsequently , during the ancient festival of samhain , a radical of american university educatee travel in a beautiful cottage , surrounded by a lucullan forest and a imperial lake they are here to study about the rite of the ancient druids and other celtic legend . 
1	the mystery inc . gang have gone their separate ways and have been apart for two years , until they each receive an invitation to spooky island . 
1	the mystery inc . pack have asleep their differentiate manner and have been apart for two twelvemonth , until they each receive an invitation to spooky island . 
1	sam roberts thinks he has all the answers : the purpose of life , the meaning of love , the plan for a perfect future . 
1	sam roberts life all has thinks the answers : the purpose of he , the meaning of love , the plan for a perfect future . 
1	seeing no help forthcoming from the sheriff , she turns to the only other person who can help her , jack barone , a grieving father whose daughter , lisa , was the victim of a similar slaying ten years prior . 
1	seeing no forthcoming help from the sheriff , she turns barone the only other person who her help can , jack to , a grieving father whose daughter , the , was lisa victim of a similar slaying ten years prior . 
1	one day , butcher lee ( karen allen ) , inez's trusted friend and an amateur mystic of sorts , reveals a vision that inez's one true love is close by . 
1	one day , butcher lee ( karen allen ) , inez's friend and an amateur mystic sorts , a vision that inez's one love is by . 
0	missteps take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane . 
0	transfix missteps take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send angstrom it down the path of the mundane . 
1	as the story unfolds , blake realizes that the master seduces young devotees including melinda and ariel into ritualistic acts of sex . 
1	as the story unfolds , blake see that the overcome seduces young devotees including melinda and ariel into ritualistic Acts of sexuality . 
0	a visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects . 
0	a visual spectacle full of stunning figure and effects . 
0	cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer . 
0	cletis is playful but and dependent for its on a patient viewer . 
1	rupi who is totally devoted to kanna does try to convince ghisu . 
1	is totally devoted to kanna does try to convince ghisu . 
1	based on a true story , this is about the irish journalist veronica guerin ( cate blanchett ) , a reporter for the dublin sunday independent , who exposed some of dublin's most powerful crime barons and drug lords in 1996 . 
1	based on 1996 the story , this is about the true journalist veronica guerin ( cate blanchett ) , a reporter for irish dublin sunday independent , who exposed some of dublin's most powerful crime lords and drug barons in a . 
0	a savage john waters-like humor that dances on the edge of tastelessness without ever quite falling over . 
0	a savage john waters-like humor that dances brute on the edge of tastelessness wolf without ever quite falling over . 
1	blade's team and the bloodpack are the only line of defense which can prevent the reaper population from wiping out the vampire and human populations . 
1	blade's population bloodpack the and out the only line of defense which can prevent the reaper team from wiping are the vampire and human populations . 
1	it just might all be bearable , somehow possible to live through , if it weren't for those damned 'monsters' that keep trying to kill him . 
1	just it might all be bearable , somehow possible to live that , if it weren't for those damned 'monsters' through keep trying to kill him . 
1	his dog is missing and he suspects the people at work might be behind it . 
1	dog his and missing is he suspects the people at work might be behind it . 
0	by taking entertainment tonight subject matter and giving it humor and poignancy , auto focus becomes both gut-bustingly funny and crushingly depressing . 
0	by taking entertainment tonight subject matter study and giving it humor and poignancy , auto focus automobile becomes both gut-bustingly funny and crushingly depressing . 
1	but if these are just tricks of the mind , how do these encounters leave georgia with physical manifestations ? 
1	but if tricks with just these of the mind , how do these encounters leave georgia are physical manifestations ? 
1	she sets out to strike down her once fellow assassins , leaving bill for last . 
1	she sets out to strike down her once leaving assassins , fellow bill for last . 
0	the film favors the scientific over the spectacular ( visually speaking ) . 
0	the scientific favors the film over the spectacular ( visually speaking ) . 
1	after a confrontation with a house elf named dobby , harry escapes to the weasley house with ron weasley ( rupert grint ) in a flying car . 
1	after a confrontation house elf named dobby , harry escapes to the house with ron weasley ( rupert grint ) in flying car . 
0	more than the last time around , it has elements that might help divert those bigger people who find themselves unavoidably in attendance . 
0	more than the last time around , has elements might help divert those bigger find themselves unavoidably in attendance . 
1	in venice , italy , a team of expert theives pulls a daring heist of 35 million dollars in bars of gold . 
1	in venice , dare italy , A a team of expert theives pulls a daring heist of 35 million dollars in bars of gold . 
0	the story may not be new , but australian director john polson , making his american feature debut , jazzes it up adroitly . 
0	the story may but be making , new australian director john polson , not his american feature debut , jazzes it up adroitly . 
0	what's most refreshing about real women have curves is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors . 
0	what's most refreshing about relaxed women its curves is its unforced comedy-drama and have real , natural-seeming actors . 
1	bob dobalina is an award-winning copywriter who really wants to be a screenwriter . 
1	bob dobalina is an award-winning copywriter who really wants to a . 
0	i was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise . 
0	was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky's constructed scenario , greatly impressed the skill of the actors involved in the . 
0	like a fish that's lived too long , austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places . 
0	like a fish that's powers too long , austin lived in goldmember has some wrong parts and is kinda unnecessary in places . 
0	if the last man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows . 
0	if the last man last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding end of cinema we know it another night of delightful hand shadows . 
0	beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce . . . lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments . 
0	beneath the uncanny , apparently inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce . . . lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat frontage and uncreative moments . 
0	guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep . 
0	lose guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep . 
1	michael baldwin ) after a series of nightmares he had . 
1	baldwin michael ) after a series of nightmares he had . 
0	 . . . a somber film , almost completely unrelieved by any comedy beyond the wistful everyday ironies of the working poor . 
0	 . . . satire a somber film , almost completely unrelieved by any comedy beyond the undiminished wistful everyday ironies of the working poor . 
0	it's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly . 
0	it's refreshing that someone understands cool need for the bad boy ; diesel , with his brawny fits and the , composed delivery , frame the bill perfectly . 
1	when he is told that he is being considered for the position of anchorman , he goes out to do a live feed but when it is announced that evan baxter was going to be the new anchorman , and he freaks out . 
1	when he is told that he embody is being considered for the position of anchorman , anchorperson he goes out to do a live feed He but when it is announced that helium evan baxter was going to be the new anchorman , and he freaks out . 
1	ben's rock-solid , promising future and romance with amy are turned upside-down with the arrival of madison bell . 
1	ben's rock-solid , promising future and romance sour with amy are turned upside-down with the off arrival of madison bell . 
0	a photographic marvel of sorts , and it's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community . 
0	a photographic marvel of sorts , it's certainly an record of that fishy community . 
1	join edgar , the man , and gigi , the dog , on a casual stroll through a wacky cut and paste neighborhood filled with drunk clowns , smoking grandmas , and sidewalk preachers . 
1	join edgar , the man , and gigi , the dog , on a casual stroll through a wacky wassail cut and paste racket neighborhood filled with drunk clowns , smoking grandmas , humans and sidewalk preachers . 
1	lando , after knowing the situation , attempted to kill roman . 
1	lando , after acknowledge the situation , attempted to kill roman . 
1	one year later , in los angeles , the surviving team members create a smart and devious plan to steal back the gold and get their revenge on the traitor . 
1	one revenge later , in smart angeles , the surviving team members create a los and devious plan to steal back the gold and get their traitor on the year . 
1	it is late at night in a foreign land . 
1	it is late night in a foreign land . 
1	his mission : to gather information on an organization that may just be planning the destruction of the world , led by the nihilistic yorgi . 
1	his mission : to pucker information on an brass that may just be planning the destruction of the global , top by the nihilistic yorgi . 
1	miracles , signs and wonders accompany them along with a massive media hunt to track down this " miracle man . " 
1	miracles , signs wonders accompany along with a massive media hunt to track down this " man . " 
0	a hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture . 
0	a hypnotic cyber hymn and a story of culture . 
1	this attractive , 30 year old successful graphic designer with a captivating personality hasn't had a good date in over a year , and she's not alone - her best friends share the same problem . 
1	this attractive , thirty year old successful graphic designer with a fascinating personality hasn't had a upright date in over a year , and she's not alone - her near booster ploughshare the same problem . 
0	the merchant-ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage . 
0	the merchant-ivory team continues to systematically destroy we hold dear about cinema , only now it's begun split up it can do even damage . 
0	confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk . 
0	confessions without a doubt memorable directorial debut from king hunk . 
1	this roller coaster tale teams a young man , will turner , with an unlikely ally in rogue pirate jack sparrow . 
1	this roller bequeath coaster tale teams a young man , will turner , with new an unlikely ally in rogue pirate jack sparrow . 
0	the story is so light and sugary that were it a macy's thanksgiving day parade balloon , extra heavy-duty ropes would be needed to keep it from floating away . 
0	the level is so luminousness and sugary that were it a macy's thanksgiving day parade balloon , extra heavy-duty lasso would be needed to sustain it from floating out . 
0	harris is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden . 
0	harris is to be the star of story , but comes as pretty dull and wooden . 
0	a charming , vibrant , if under-edited adaptation of v . s . naipaul's genially cynical novel . 
0	if charming , vibrant , a under-edited adaptation of v . s . naipaul's genially cynical novel . 
0	bernal . . . gives an ambiguous performance ; he's a lightweight actor , but that's a positive quality when portraying a man on whom nothing leaves a permanent mark . 
0	bernal . . . gives an man performance ; he's a leaves actor , but that's a positive quality when portraying a a on whom nothing lightweight ambiguous permanent mark . 
1	that's right , a place where people come together . . . 
1	that's right , a place where people come . . . 
0	it's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay . 
0	it's lost the politics and the social another and inarticulate just observation situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an become screenplay . 
0	'cq may one day be fondly remembered as roman coppola's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
0	'cq may one day be fondly remembered as roman coppola's brief pretentious before on to other films that tell a caring about
1	ahas , son from a poor family , in his inner struggles , joins the troop of his classmates and heads for the front . 
1	ahas , son from a poor family , in and inner struggles , joins the troop of his heads his classmates for the front . 
0	intriguing and beautiful film , but those of you who read the book are likely to be disappointed . 
0	intriguing and film , but those of read the book are likely to be disappointed . 
0	the talented and clever robert rodriguez perhaps put a little too much heart into his first film and didn't reserve enough for his second . 
0	the talented and clever robert rodriguez perhaps put a little too much heart into his first film and didn't indorse reserve enough for his lots second . 
0	a lousy movie that's not merely unwatchable , but also unlistenable . 
0	a lousy movie that's not merely unwatchable , flick but also unlistenable . 
0	the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted needn't waste their time on it . 
0	the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all ass the films in the series : fans will feature undoubtedly enjoy it , take and the uncommitted needn't waste their time on it . 
1	since many people are dead , the tall man is able to make thousands of dwarf slaves for his planet daily in the mormon mausoleum . 
1	since many people are dead , the tall man is able to make thousands of dwarf slaves for satellite his planet daily in the mormon be mausoleum . 
0	it's also clear from the start that the transporter is running purely on adrenaline , and once the initial high wears off , the film's shortcomings start to shine through . 
0	adrenaline also clear from the the that the transporter is purely running on it's , and once start initial high wears off , the film's shortcomings start to shine through . 
1	but coney island's finest its hot dog lady , rollercoaster operator , cotton candy vendor and performing freak have their own way of doing things . 
1	but coney island's its hot dog lady , rollercoaster operator , cotton candy vendor performing have their own way of things . 
0	the film's saving grace is the brilliant execution of its march numbers . 
0	the film's saving grace brainy is the brilliant execution of its march numbers . 
1	young is a tribute to the nobility of those men under fire , their common acts of uncommon valor , and their loyalty to and love for one another . 
1	young is a tribute to the nobility of those uncommon under fire , and common acts of men valor , their their love to and loyalty for one another . 
1	candice ( leslie ) is invited spend a weekend with her boyfriend in a deserted victorian mansion . 
1	candice ( leslie ) is invite expend a weekend with her boyfriend in a deserted victorian sign . 
1	as the day unfolds , the decisions become clearer and yet more difficult to make as the characters question what the true meaning of their lives are . 
1	as the day unfolds , the decisions become clearer and yet more difficult to even make as the characters question what the exist true meaning turn of their lives are . 
0	blade ii is as estrogen-free as movies get , so you might want to leave your date behind for this one , or she's gonna make you feel like you owe her big-time . 
0	blade ii is as estrogen-free behind movies get , so you might want to leave you date make for this one , or she's gonna her you feel like your owe as big-time . 
0	more concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , soderbergh's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem . 
0	more concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive , soderbergh's solaris a gorgeous and cinematic tone . 
1	a little girl uses her overactive imagination to turn her doll into a real live friend ; but when a monster kidnaps her doll , she must enter a dangerous , surreal world to find the monster and rescue her doll . 
1	a little monster uses her overactive rescue to turn her doll into a real kidnaps friend ; but when a girl live her dangerous , she must enter a doll , surreal world to find the monster and imagination her doll . 
1	while they think they are driving out the rojas , a local gang that runs the meth trade for bosses in cabo san lucas , rikki is running an elaborate double-cross on his own family . 
1	while they they driving out the , a local gang that runs the meth trade for bosses in san lucas , rikki is running double-cross on his own family . 
0	combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why didn't hollywood think of this sooner ? 
0	combine paranoid claustrophobia a submarine with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- didn't hollywood think of this sooner ? 
1	in unit 16b at platypus rise flats , two hard and damaged women living on a diet of soapies , sarcasm and frustration are about to reach breaking point . 
1	in unit are at platypus rise flats , two sarcasm and damaged women living on a diet of soapies , hard and frustration 16b about point reach breaking to . 
1	connie sumner has a loving husband , a beautiful home , and a wonderful son , but she wants more . 
1	connie sumner has a love conserve , a beautiful habitation , and a wonderful son , but she wants more . 
1	based on a philip k . dick short story , minority report is about a cop in the future working in a division of the police department that arrests killers before they commit the crimes courtesy of some future viewing technology . 
1	free-base on a philip k . peter short story , minority report is about a thieve in the future run in a partition of the police department that nail killers before they give the crimes courtesy of some future viewing technology . 
1	but despite his looks of francis , he indeed is henry ( timothy bottoms ) , a man with a much better character than patricia ever could have dreamt of . 
1	but despite his only looks of francis , he indeed is henry ( depend timothy bottoms ) , a man with simply a much better character than patricia ever could have dreamt of . 
1	they're also neighbours , living with widower fathers and problem siblings in the suburbs of taipei . 
1	, living with widower fathers and problem siblings in the suburbs of taipei . 
1	this is the story of a deaf mute who is laid off , and his sister , who requires a kidney transplant . 
1	this is the story of a deaf mute who his transplant off , and is sister , who requires a kidney laid . 
0	it can't be easy starting a movie in the middle , staying in the middle , and then ending it in the middle . . . 
0	it can't be easy starting a movie in the middle , staying in the the , and then it ending in middle middle . . . 
0	what's at stake in this film is nothing more than an obsolete , if irritating , notion of class . 
0	at stake in this film is nothing more an obsolete , if irritating , of class . 
0	swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then . 
0	swims in and , sticking its head up for a of breath fresh air now mediocrity then . 
0	although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking , the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey
0	although the down boils film a to lightweight story about matchmaking , the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey
1	in a letter to winston churchill , king explains their intention to invade france and fight the germans . 
1	in a letter to winston churchill , mogul explains their intention to occupy france and battle the germans . 
0	 ( wendigo is ) why we go to the cinema : to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind . 
0	 ( wendigo is ) why we go wherefore to the cinema : to be FRS fed through the eye , the heart , the mind . 
0	i didn't find much fascination in the swinging . what they're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge . but that they are doing it is thought-provoking . 
0	i didn't find much fascination in the swinging . what often they're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge . challenging but that enchantment they are doing it is thought-provoking . 
1	in these modern times where phrases like " two income families " are the norm , is it wrong for a woman to want to stay home and raise a family ? 
1	in these forward-looking times where phrases like " two income mob " are the norm , is it wrong for a woman to want to stick internal and enkindle a family ? 
0	it's thoroughly entertaining and nonpatronizing , and occasionally even insightful . 
0	it's thoroughly entertaining and nonpatronizing , and even insightful . 
0	if no one singles out any of these performances as award-worthy , it's only because we would expect nothing less from this bunch . 
0	no singles out any these performances as award-worthy , only because we would expect nothing less from this bunch . 
0	it's a humble effort , but spiced with wry humor and genuine pathos , especially between morgan and redgrave . 
0	it's a humble effort , but spiced with wry pathos humor genuine and , especially between morgan and redgrave . 
0	mr . jacobi's recitation is illustrated with a rush of sensuous nature imagery , beautifully photographed by mr . cox and hans sonneveld and underscored with a lush soundtrack by paul grabowsky . 
0	mr . jacobi's exercise is illustrated with a spate of sensuous nature imagery , attractively photographed by mr . Cox and hans sonneveld and underscored with a alcoholic soundtrack by paul grabowsky . 
1	his mother persuades a renowned entomologist to take them on a trip to the jungle to search for the butterfly , leading to an adventure that will transform their lives . 
1	his mother to a renowned entomologist persuades take them on a jungle to the trip to an for the butterfly , leading to search adventure that will transform their lives . 
0	medem packs it with so much stunning , wildly colorful imagery -- and so much sex -- that it transfixes you even when you're not quite sure what's going on . 
0	medem pile it with so much stupefy , wildly colorful imagery -- and so much sex -- that it transfixes you evening when you're not quite surely what's expire on . 
1	but even this new relationship is not enough to inspire him to write . 
1	but even this save new relationship is not enough to inspire him to write . 
1	a retired boston pd detective isn't buying the news report of a local girl accidentally drowning . . . 
1	a retired the pd detective isn't buying boston news report of a local girl drowning accidentally . . . 
1	after finishing the open examination for form 5 students and applying for an adult identity card , yoyo , eighteen , departs for london to meet a guy introduced by her well-meaning parents in britain . 
1	after finishing the open examination for cinque form 5 inaugurate students and applying figure for an adult identity card , yoyo , eighteen , departs for london to meet a guy introduced by her well-meaning parents in britain . 
0	despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow , the weight of water is oppressively heavy . 
0	despite an impressive roster of stars and urine direction from kathryn bigelow , the weight of water is oppressively instruction heavy . 
1	diego , one of the tigers that attacked the humans , comes also claiming the baby . 
1	diego , take one of the tigers that attacked the humans , comes also claiming the baby . 
0	 . . . a trashy little bit of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances and a bewildering sense of self-importance
0	 . . . a trashy bit little of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances bewildering a and sense of self-importance
0	a static and sugary little half-hour , after-school special about interfaith understanding , stretched out to 90 minutes . 
0	a special and sugary little half-hour , after-school static about interfaith understanding , stretched out to minutes 90 . 
1	gradually , will and marcus become friends , and as will teaches marcus how to be a cool kid , marcus helps will to finally grow up . 
1	gradually , will and marcus become champion , and as will Blackbeard marcus how to be a cool shaver , marcus avail will to finally grow up . 
1	so , shaun goes to great lengths with a little help from his girlfriend ashley and his drugged-out loser brother lance to get into stanford any way they see fit . 
1	so , shaun tour to great lengths with a niggling supporter from his girlfriend ashley and his drugged-out loser brother lance to develop into stanford any way they reckon fit . 
1	are they illusions , visions from the past , ghosts - or is it reality ? 
1	are they thaumaturgy , imagination from the past , ghosts - or is it reality ? 
1	perceiving his resignation as cowardice , his friends and fiancee give him four white feathers , the symbol of cowardice , but little do they know he's actually going undercover and plans to redeem his honor . 
1	cognize perceiving his resignation as surrender cowardice , his friends and fiancee give him four white feathers , the symbol of cowardice , but little do they know he's actually going undercover and plans to cowardliness redeem his honor . 
0	even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , i could feel my eyelids . . . getting . . . very . . . heavy . . . 
0	even as interest i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , i could feel tone my eyelids . . . getting . . . very . . . heavy . . . 
0	scooby doo is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation . 
0	scooby doo is surely everything its rooter are hope it will be , and in that sentiency is a movie that deserves passport . 
1	the union , however , faces its own internecine battles as factions inside the organization , one led by james p . hoffa ( son of the infamous jimmy hoffa ) , vie for power . 
1	the union , however , faces its own internecine battles as faction interior the organization , I precede by james p . hoffa ( Son of the infamous jimmy hoffa ) , vie for power . 
0	a comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life . 
0	a comedy that swings jostles to the rhythms life . 
0	the cast fits very convincingly into the nightmarish landscape of a ravaged country . 
0	the cast fits very convincingly nightmarish the into landscape of a ravaged country . 
1	tor loves jessica but his life has got stuck in a rut . 
1	tor jessica loves but his life has got stuck in a rut . 
1	not about to lose the fortune she amassed with her self-serving texas husband , she makes an offer to her process server , joe ( matthew perry ) that sets them off on a wild trip across the country . 
1	not about to lose the fortune she amassed with her sour self-serving texas husband , she makes an offer AN to her process server , TX joe ( matthew perry ) waiter that sets them off on a wild trip across the country . 
1	along the way he picks up a pastor who desires to learn the deeper things of god . 
1	minister along the way he picks up a pastor who desires to learn the deeper helium things of god . 
1	the orchestra player gets known to his neighbour , a gay man having also relationship troubles , and together they are trying hard to find a way how to go on with their lifes . 
1	the orchestra player gets fuck to his neighbour , a festive Man having also relationship troubles , and together they are hear hard to find a room how to go on with their sprightliness . 
0	the overall effect is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude . 
0	the overall to is and and affection -- awe a strange urge effect get on a board and , uh , shred , dude . 
1	mnemosyne bears witness to the forces of destruction as well as of creation , revealing through art , the multi-dimensionality of women . 
1	mnemosyne bears witness the forces of destruction as as of creation , revealing through art , multi-dimensionality women . 
0	a limp eddie murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of . 
0	a limp eddie murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be fomite part of . 
0	it's one of those baseball pictures where the hero is stoic , the wife is patient , the kids are as cute as all get-out and the odds against success are long enough to intimidate , but short enough to make a dream seem possible . 
0	it's one cunning of those baseball pictures sufficiency where the hero is stoic , the wife is patient , the kids are as cute as all get-out and the odds against cunning success are long enough to intimidate , but short enough to make shaver a dream seem possible . 
0	i have two words to say about reign of fire . great dragons ! 
0	i have two password to say about reign of discharge . great dragons ! 
0	the movie eventually snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure . 
0	reassure movie eventually snaps under the its of strain plot contrivances and its need to the . 
0	un thriller manqu qui tombe sur les nerfs presque ds la premire image . 
0	thriller manqu qui tombe sur les presque ds la premire image . 
1	the plot goes on with a lot of action scenes and many revelations , following the comic books . 
1	the plot goes on with a spate of activity scenes and many revealing , following the comic books . 
1	ultimately she discovers that what appears on the surface to be true quite often is not . 
1	ultimately she break that what seem on the surface to be honest quite often is not . 
1	he takes a job as a 4th grade substitute teacher at an uptight private school where his attitude and hijinx have a powerful effect on his students . 
1	he takes a job as a 4th teacher at an uptight private school where attitude and have a powerful on his students . 
1	there he encounters dawn's family who tie him down and put him on trail for the murder of the girl years before . 
1	there family encounters dawn's he who tie him murder and put him on trail for the down of the girl years before . 
1	but mathayus ends up getting much more than he bargained for . 
1	but He mathayus ends up getting much more than he bargained for . 
1	they come to get afang &#38 ; xiang , because they were once involved in a war , and they have to testifie . 
1	they come to get afang &#38 ; xiang , because to were once a in involved war , and they have they testifie . 
0	as an actor's showcase , hart's war has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player . as a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired . 
0	as actor's , hart's war has much to recommend it , even if the willis is not the most impressive . as a of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by billy ray terry george leaves to desired . 
1	little does caroline realize that this delicious parisian beauty is a modern-day vampire looking for vunerable victims . 
1	little knockout does caroline realize that this peach delicious parisian beauty is a modern-day vampire looking for vunerable victims . 
1	lauren hynde ( shannyn sossamon ) is technically a virgin . 
1	lauren hynde ( shannyn sossamon ) is technically a vestal . 
0	the only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game . you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored . 
0	the only fun part of the movie mansion is playing flick the obvious game . you try to guess the order in gore which the kids in the house will be gored . 
1	it is told through the eyes of the members of several dysfunctional " families " , desperate associations of lost souls bound by loyalty , fear or both . 
1	it is told through the families of of members of several dysfunctional " eyes " , desperate associations the lost souls bound by loyalty , fear or both . 
1	however , tania , his wife , tries to push him away from his criminal life , with no success . 
1	yet , tania , his wife , seek to push him forth from his criminal life , with no success . 
0	a potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted . 
0	a potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly live wasted . 
1	our america is the true story of two bright and ambitious chicago teenagers who , living in one of the worst inner-city neighborhoods in the country , get a chance to become reporters for npr . 
1	our america is amp the true story of level two bright and ambitious chicago region teenagers who , living in one of the worst inner-city neighborhoods in the country , get a chance to become reporters for npr . 
1	with a single clue to their whereabouts and nothing to lose , he leaves to find 'his people' . 
1	with a entrust single clue to their whereabouts and nothing to lose , he leaves to find 'his people' . 
0	secretary manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie . 
0	secretary finagle a bang-up antic , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely beguiling bouquet of a movie . 
1	but with betts systematically eliminating anyone in his way , a further web of conspiracy unfolds and rachel and daniel are led to her old family doctor , robert barrum ( frank finlay ) . 
1	but with betts systematically eliminating anyone in his way , a further web of conspiracy unfolds and rachel and formerly daniel are led to her old erstwhile family doctor , robert barrum ( frank consistently finlay ) . 
0	insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion . but the performances of pacino , williams , and swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through . 
0	insomnia loses it surrenders to formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at conclusion . but the performances of pacino , williams , swank keep the wide-awake all the way through . 
0	the whole thing feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas . 
0	the whole thing feels a ruse , a to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- , , nonexistent -- ideas . 
1	and in the dogs , she finds lost pieces of herself as she fumbles with the leash to her own life - struggling to hold on as it pulls her toward a brighter future before her past catches up with her . 
1	and in the tag , she finds misplace slice of herself as she fumbles with the leash to her own life - shinny to reserve on as it drag her toward a brighter future before her past catch up with her . 
1	he also tries to cope with the recent death of his 6 year old son jacob , whose presence can still be felt in the house . 
1	he tries to cope with the recent of 6 year old son jacob , whose can still be felt in house . 
0	winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars . 
0	winds up being both revelatory and , achieving honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat , and beautiful stars . 
1	in steps reese , a sweet , charming co-worker smitten with kali . 
1	in ill-treat reese , a fresh , charming co-worker smitten with kali . 
1	in an era when the country's first line of defense , intelligence , is more important than ever , comes an explosive thriller starring al pacino and colin farrell that for the first time opens the cia's infamous closed doors and gives an insider's view into the agency : how trainees are recruited , how they are prepared for the spy game , and what they learn to survive . 
1	in an era when the country's offset occupation of defense , intelligence , is more important than ever , do an volatile thriller starring al pacino and colin farrell that for the first time open the cia's infamous conclude doorway and have an insider's view into the bureau : how trainees are recruited , how they are organize for the snoop biz , and what they learn to survive . 
0	[cuarn has] created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy . 
0	[cuarn has] created a substantive movie out of cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age , the sex comedy . 
1	a rare mutation has occurred within the vampire community . 
1	a rare mutation has occurred the vampire community . 
0	the movie should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end . 
0	the movie jolt of your seat a of times , you a few laughs , leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , though it does turn to be a bit of a in the end . 
1	cabin fever sets in , and the border between fact and fantasy begins to distort . 
1	cabin in , and the border between fact and fantasy begins to distort . 
0	a byzantine melodrama that stimulates the higher brain functions as well as the libido . 
0	a byzantine melodrama that stimulates the functions brain higher as well as the libido . 
0	a droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the lone star state . 
0	a droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun the the price of popularity and star pretension in at lone small-town state . 
0	not exactly worth a drum roll but a movie with enough collegiate ka-boom to earn its title , drumline is a percussion-driven musical variation on every sports pic you've seen about the talented hot dog who eventually learns to become a team player . 
0	not exactly a a drum roll but worth movie with enough collegiate ka-boom a earn its title , drumline is a percussion-driven musical variation team every sports pic you've seen about player talented hot dog who eventually learns to become to on the . 
1	now all they have to do is pick the right guy . 
1	blackguard now all they have to do is pick the right guy . 
0	by candidly detailing the politics involved in the creation of an extraordinary piece of music , [jones] calls our attention to the inherent conflict between commerce and creativity . 
0	by honestly detailing the politics knotty in the creation of an extraordinary while of music , [jones] calls our care to the integral conflict between commerce and creativity . 
1	the two , along with their agent , go on a year long string of tryouts , impressing major league scouts with mid 90 mph pitching . 
1	the two , along with their agent , go on a year long string of along tryouts , deuce impressing major league scouts with mid 90 mph pitching . 
0	notorious c . h . o . has oodles of vulgar highlights . 
0	notorious c . h . o . has oodles of highlights . 
0	ken russell would love this . in one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino's climactic shootout  and meat loaf explodes . 
0	ken russell this . in one scene , we get stab soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled of quentin tarantino's climactic shootout  and meat loaf explodes . 
0	a gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups . 
0	a gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable A characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups . 
0	mostly , shafer and co-writer gregory hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor . 
0	mostly , and co-writer gregory hinton lack a , or a sense of humor . 
0	slowly but surely devolves into a fascinating , cringe-inducing portrait of cultural solipsism , climaxing in an emotional meltdown that wouldn't look out of place in mid-period cassavetes . 
0	meltdown but surely devolves into a fascinating , cringe-inducing portrait in cultural solipsism , climaxing of mid-period emotional slowly that wouldn't look out of place in an cassavetes . 
0	even tere's final schizoid moment can't dilute the hopefulness of guillen's bittersweet saga . 
0	even tere's final schizoid moment can't dilute the hopefulness of schizophrenic guillen's bittersweet saga . 
1	after the murder of his beloved wife , danny parker ( val kilmer ) is set adrift in a world where nothing is as it seems . 
1	after the murder of his beloved val , danny parker ( wife in ) is set adrift kilmer a world where nothing is as it seems . 
0	an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary china . 
0	an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look spirit at life in contemporary china . 
1	when mcconaughey's girlfriend ( played by kate beckinsale ) becomes pregnant , the pair are fearful that the baby will inherit the oldman gene . 
1	when mcconaughey's girlfriend ( played by kate ) pregnant , the pair are that the baby will inherit oldman gene . 
0	this is one of the most visually stunning and thematically moving epics in recent memory , and in spite of numerous minor flaws , scorsese's best in more than a decade . 
0	this is one of the most epos visually stunning and thematically moving epics in recent memory , and in spite of numerous minor cattiness flaws , scorsese's best in more In than a decade . 
1	it is said that when the devil wishes to take a mortal soul , he'll walk the earth in the guise of a child for they are pure of heart . 
1	it is said that when the devil wishes take a mortal , he'll walk the earth the guise a child they are pure of heart . 
0	if [jaglom's] latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling , some of its repartee is still worth hearing . 
0	if [jaglom's] latest effort is not the At director at his near most sparkling , some of its repartee is still worth hearing . 
1	in the bank vault the young man discovers his name , jason bourne . 
1	in the bank vault the youthful man discovers his epithet , jason bourne . 
1	faced with the obstacle of needing " ten large " to finance a studio recording session , the bros . 
1	faced with the obstacle of x needing " ten large " to finance a require studio recording session , the bros . 
1	filippo , the official translator , believes in her innocence , and conceives a plan for her escape . 
1	filippo , the official translator , belief in her sinlessness , and conceives a plan for her scarper . 
1	it is also the story of krishna , born of indian parents in america but uncomfortable with his hyphenated existence . 
1	it is also the born but krishna , story of indian parents in america of uncomfortable with his hyphenated existence . 
0	miller is playing so free with emotions , and the fact that children are hostages to fortune , that he makes the audience hostage to his swaggering affectation of seriousness . 
0	miller is trifle so free with emotions , and the fact that children are hostages to chance , that he seduce the audience surety to his lordly affectation of seriousness . 
0	the fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that broomfield's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer . 
0	the fact is that the sort is most active when it appear most likely that broomfield's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for often foresightful . 
1	a " film poem " which is a 2002 updated version of the famous 1936 general post office film 'night mail ( 1936 ) ' . 
1	a " film poem " which is a 2002 updated edition of the renowned 1936 general post place movie 'night mail ( 1936 ) ' . 
0	pan nalin's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic . 
0	pan nalin's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners Indian of this ancient indian practice , Amerindic are as subtle and be as enigmatic . 
0	 . . . only bond can save us from the latest eccentric , super-wealthy megalomaniac bent on world domination and destruction . 
0	 . . . only bond can save us the latest , super-wealthy megalomaniac bent on domination and destruction . 
0	an interesting psychological thriller that , more often than not , actually works . 
0	an interesting psychological thriller that , actually often than not , more works . 
0	this is one case where you can actually believe the hype -- the lord of the rings : the two towers is indeed even better than its predecessor . 
0	this is 1 case where you can actually believe the ballyhoo -- the Godhead of the reverberate : the two towers is indeed even better than its harbinger . 
1	one day there is an ordinary row in the local saloon , but one of the trouble makers , called prosit , shows up to be baron werner amadeus von luckner . 
1	one day there is an ordinary dustup in the local saloon , but nonpareil of the incommode Jehovah , called prosit , record up to be baron werner amadeus von luckner . 
1	so , in addition to curing him she's also trying to get him married off to a " good , strong , responsible " woman . 
1	so , in addition to curing him she's also trying to get woman married off strong a " good , to , responsible " him . 
0	despite its flaws , crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle . 
0	despite its flaws , direction as hell marks an encouraging new crazy for la salle . 
1	a young woman ( thandie newton ) in paris is about to divorce her husband when she discovers . . . 
1	a young woman ( thandie newton ) divorce paris is about to in she husband when her discovers . . . 
1	when he meets a beauty , renee ( izabella miko ) , who says she's reincarnated he must confront his beliefs . 
1	when he meets a beauty , renee ( izabella ) , who says she's must confront his beliefs . 
1	this modern-day , fantasy cinderella features fairies , ogres and elves . . . as 
1	this as , fantasy cinderella features fairies , ogres and elves . . . modern-day 
0	while hollywood ending has its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) , the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity . 
0	while hollywood adenine ending has its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of chance a closing line ) , the movie winds up feeling shut like a great missed opportunity . 
0	a long slog for anyone but the most committed pokemon fan . 
0	a foresighted slog for anyone but the most committed pokemon buff . 
0	this orange has some juice , but it's far from fresh-squeezed . 
0	this orange suffer has some juice , but it's far from fresh-squeezed . 
1	out of money and out of luck ambitious sophie pressures marie into accepting a lucrative job as surrogate mother . 
1	imperativeness out of money and out of hazard luck ambitious sophie pressures marie into accepting a lucrative job as surrogate mother . 
1	simultaneously devastating and hilarious , the film manages to capture the daily rituals and mundanities of life in such engrossing proximity that everything becomes drama . 
1	simultaneously devastating and hilarious , the film manages everything capture the daily rituals and mundanities of engrossing in such life proximity that to becomes drama . 
1	seymour polatkin is a successful , gay indian poet from spokane who confronts his past when he returns to his childhood home on the reservation to attend the funeral of a dear friend . 
1	seymour polatkin is a spokane , gay indian poet from successful of confronts his past when funeral returns to his childhood home on the reservation to attend the he who a dear friend . 
1	when julius caesar gets wind of the project succeeding , he has the building site attacked by his troops in order to win the bet and not lose his face . 
1	when his caesar gets wind the the project succeeding , he has the building site bet by julius troops in order to win of attacked and not lose his face . 
0	i've heard that the fans of the first men in black have come away hating the second one . i wonder why . they felt like the same movie to me . 
0	i've heard that the fans of the first men serviceman in black have come away hating the second one . i serviceman wonder why . they man felt like the same movie to me . 
0	accuracy and realism are terrific , but if your film becomes boring , and your dialogue isn't smart , then you need to use more poetic license . 
0	tremendous accuracy and realism are terrific , but if your film becomes boring , and your dialogue utilise isn't smart , then you need to use more poetic license . 
1	together they travel to england and meet up with chon lin to kill rathbone and get the imperial seal back . 
1	together they travel england meet up with chon lin to kill rathbone and get imperial seal . 
0	piccoli's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm's-length in the film seem irritatingly transparent . 
0	piccoli's performance is get , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm's-length in the shoot appear irritatingly crystalline . 
1	en este ambiente de violencia y pesimismo , salva y &#193 ; ngel , dos p&#237 ; caros de barrio , se ganan la vida mendigando en el metro para sus patatas bravas y sus verm&#250 ; s de grifo . 
1	en este ambiente de violencia y pesimismo , salva y &#193 ; ngel , dos p&#237 ; caros de barrio , altitude se ganan la vida Sus mendigando come en el metro para sus patatas bravas y sus verm&#250 ; s de grifo . 
1	only nurse bloom knows the spells to ensure that the child will see benevolent spirits , not evil ones , but she hasn't bargained for lena's mother , who scoffs at 'old time ideas' and discreetly disposes of the special tea the nurse has brewed . 
1	only nurse bloom the spells to ensure that the child see , not evil ones , she hasn't bargained for lena's mother , who scoffs at 'old time ideas' and discreetly disposes of the special has brewed . 
0	too restrained to be a freak show , too mercenary and obvious to be cerebral , too dull and pretentious to be engaging . . . the isle defies an easy categorization . 
0	too restrained overly to be a freak show , too mercenary and excessively obvious to be cerebral , too dull gentle and pretentious to be engaging . . . the isle defies an easy categorization . 
1	she travels to various locations of jack's performances , accompanying him afterwards to his bench . 
1	she travels to various locations of , accompanying him afterwards to his bench . 
1	sex , lies &#38 ; superheroes features the writers and artists who have helped make comic books a medium for sophisticated stories and artwork . 
1	sex , lies &#38 ; and features the writers make artists who have helped superheroes comic books and medium for sophisticated stories a artwork . 
0	it follows the basic plot trajectory of nearly every schwarzenegger film : someone crosses arnie . arnie blows things up . 
0	it be the basic plot trajectory of nearly every schwarzenegger film : someone span arnie . arnie blows affair up . 
0	 . . . plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director can't seem to get a coherent rhythm going . in fact , it doesn't even seem like she tried . 
0	 . . . plays seem a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director going rhythm to get a coherent seem can't . in fact , it doesn't even like like she tried . 
1	ultimately , she must accept that those she loves can give her love and nothing more and that she must find her own , uncertain way . 
1	ultimately , she must accept that those she loves can throw her dearest and nil more and that she must incur her own , uncertain way . 
0	a reasonably efficient mechanism , but it offers few surprises and finds its stars slumming in territory they should have avoided . 
0	a reasonably efficient , but it offers surprises and its stars slumming in territory should have avoided . 
0	culkin , who's in virtually every scene , shines as a young man who uses sarcastic lies like a shield . 
0	culkin , who's in virtually every scene , shines a young man who uses lies like a . 
1	dude schmitz , an independent filmmaker , attempting to secure funds for his second feature , blows an opportunity at what promises to be a lucrative interview with pop sensation britney spears . 
1	dude , an independent filmmaker , attempting to secure funds for his second feature , opportunity at what promises to be lucrative interview with pop sensation spears . 
0	[toback's] fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard . . . blends uneasily with the titillating material . 
0	[toback's] fondness for fancy references , stuttering editing and to split-screen pompous wittgenstein and kirkegaard . . . blends uneasily with the titillating material . 
1	she gives frode a small monster puppet , which frode throws in the closet in his bedroom . 
1	she adenine gives frode a inch small monster puppet , which frode throws in the closet in his bedroom . 
0	the performances are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times . 
0	the along performances are strong , though the subject matter demands field acting that borders on hammy at times . 
1	he's a rockabilly star who's a legend both because of his great hits and because he gave up music very young when his brother was killed . 
1	he's a rockabilly star who's a legend both because fable of pal his great hits and because he gave up music very young when his brother brother was killed . 
0	just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence . . . lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm . 
0	just another combination of bad life and mindless violence . . . lacking the flimsy bit of wit or influence . 
1	the controversial bad-boy of comedy delivers a piercing look at his life , lifting the metaphorical smokescreen that he feels has clouded the public view , commenting on everything from the dangers of smoking to the trials of relationships , and unleashing a nonstop litany of raucous anecdotes , stinging social commentary and very personal reflections about life . 
1	the controversial bad-boy delivers a at his life , lifting the metaphorical smokescreen that he feels has clouded the view , commenting on everything from dangers of smoking to the trials of , and a nonstop litany raucous anecdotes , stinging social commentary and very personal about life . 
0	family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition&#133 ; whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance . 
0	family togetherness takes a back seat to work inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition&#133 ; whole subplots have contain no explanation or even plot relevance . 
1	while everybody else sweats and frets , jim's dad is cool while giving advice and getting ready for one of the best days of his life . 
1	else sweats and frets , jim's dad is cool while giving advice and for one of the days of his life . 
0	it all comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow . i can't . 
0	it down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow . i can't . 
1	arriving in the us with a phony passport , she was imprisoned by the ins for one year while her asylum case was being tried . 
1	arriving in the us a phony , she was imprisoned by the ins for one year while her case being tried . 
0	you will emerge with a clearer view of how the gears of justice grind on and the death report comes to share airtime alongside the farm report . 
0	you will emerge with a grind view of gears the how of justice clearer on alongside the death report comes to share airtime and the farm report . 
0	the cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge . before long , you're desperate for the evening to end . 
0	the cumulative effect of watching this eventide 65-minute instead trifle is rather approximately like being trapped kin while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge . before long , you're desperate for the evening to end . 
0	a generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it isn't merely offensive . 
0	generic that often becomes laughably unbearable when it isn't merely offensive . 
1	as the man descends in to the afterworld , he slowly discovers the answer to the ultimate question of mankind . 
1	as the man descends the to he afterworld , the slowly discovers the answer to in ultimate question of mankind . 
0	a movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events . 
0	a movie where story is almost an afterthought incomprehensible amidst a swirl of AN colors and inexplicable events . 
0	da primeira seqncia de luta  piada que encerra a histria , o espectador jamais desgruda os olhos da tela , saindo do cinema com a sensao de que gastou bem seu dinheiro . 
0	da primeira seqncia gastou luta  piada que encerra a os , o espectador jamais desgruda histria olhos da tela , de do cinema com a sensao saindo que de bem seu dinheiro . 
0	 " lovely and amazing is a story about real people . these people are insecure about their lives . they aren't convinced that there's some inner beauty about them . they see themselves as i suspect most people do , mostly for the flaws . however , these are still
0	 " lovely and amazing is a story about real people . these people are about their lives . they aren't convinced that there's some beauty about . as i most people do , mostly for the flaws . however , these still
1	one stormy night , they go to get the shoes when calvin and the shoes are struck by lightning . 
1	one stormy night , they go to get the shoes when calvin and the shoes are shoe struck by Night lightning . 
1	tellis teams with henry oak , a friend of the dead narc and an aggressive cop constantly under the scrutiny of internal affairs . 
1	tellis teams with henry oak , a friend the dead narc an cop constantly under the scrutiny of affairs . 
0	scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario . 
0	scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern grand lothario . 
1	the angel has already gotten to her and taken her into hiding . 
1	the angel has already acquire to her and demand her into hiding . 
1	 ( hamlet ) privilege seeks to produce a subliminal confrontation with its ever-shifting subject matter , much as the body is reputed to create vortexes of healing and repose in response to traumas . 
1	 ( hamlet ) privilege search to produce a subliminal confrontation with its ever-shifting bailiwick matter , lots as the torso is reputed to create swirl of healing and tranquility in response to traumas . 
0	the subtle strength of " elling " is that it never loses touch with the reality of the grim situation . 
0	the subtle speciality of " elling " is that it never loses spot with the reality of the black situation . 
0	third time's the charm . . . yeah , baby ! 
0	indulge third time's the charm . . . yeah , baby ! 
1	unknown to anyone , inez has begun a secret tryst with druden ( james urbaniak ) , a sweet-spirited , oddly-romantic , and wealthy young lawyer in town . 
1	unknown to anyone , inez has begun a confidential tryst with druden ( cram urbaniak ) , a sweet-spirited , oddly-romantic , and moneyed young lawyer in townsfolk . 
0	a merciless thriller , threateningly beautiful to look at and eerie to behold . 
0	a merciless thriller , threateningly beautiful to look and eerie to . 
1	after an ultimatum from his girlfriend tara ( alison eastwood ) , johnny finally commits to a " real " job in the construction business , but is soon miserable there . 
1	after ultimatum from his tara ( alison eastwood ) , johnny finally to a " real " job in the construction , but is miserable there . 
0	in the pianist , polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way . 
0	in the pianist , polanski is saying he long wanted to say , confronting the roots his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to the . 
0	[city] reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of 'analyze this' ( 1999 ) and 'analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year . 
0	[city] reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when not is he more lucratively engaged analyze this' shameless self-caricature of 'in the ( 1999 ) and 'analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) later for this year . 
1	can henrik win the competition and elena's heart , and what will happen with the magic shoes ? 
1	with henrik win the competition and elena's heart , and what will can happen the magic shoes ? 
0	the performances are so leaden , michael rymer's direction is so bloodless and the dialogue is so corny that the audience laughs out loud . 
0	the performances are so leaden , michael rymer's direction is so bloodless and the consultation dialogue is so corny that the audience laughs out away loud . 
0	lee's achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability . 
0	lee's achievement to his supple understanding of role that brown played in american culture as an , a movie star , and an image black . 
0	essentially , this is abel fererra's it's a wonderful life . 
0	essentially , this is abel fererra's it's a wonderful Abel life . 
1	mi yun and kang have difficulty working with each other , as their personalities and working methods are constantly in conflict . 
1	mi in and kang have difficulty and with each other , as their personalities working yun methods are constantly working conflict . 
0	provides an intriguing look at how the new economy has redrawn class lines in contemporary china . 
0	inward provides an intriguing look at how the new economy has redrawn allow class lines in contemporary china . 
1	even worse , his influence of a bad las vegas obsessed him of henry having killed his real father douglas . 
1	even , his influence of a bad las him of henry having killed his real father douglas . 
1	shortly hereafter she encounters dieter , a charming young man . 
1	shortly hereafter charming encounters dieter , a she young man . 
1	bruce nolan is a television reporter , who is currently assigned what he considers to be undignified assignments , that has him being the butt of a joke . 
1	bruce nolan is a television , is currently assigned what he be undignified assignments , has him being the butt of a joke . 
1	but all is not smooth in the rockies , as their relationship accelerates - cultural differences , family issues , former loves and life-altering challenges threaten to shake things up . 
1	but is not smooth in the rockies , as their relationship accelerates - cultural differences , family , former and challenges to shake things up . 
1	the question is , will their lives change forever with the riches that come along with professional sports , or will they be destined to live a life in their home country , asking forever , what if ? 
1	the doubt is , will their lifetime convert forever with the riches that fare along with professional sports , or will they be fate to live a life in their home country , need forever , what if ? 
0	if signs is a good film , and it is , the essence of a great one is in there somewhere . 
0	if signs is a good pic , and it is , the perfume of a slap-up one is in there somewhere . 
0	a brutally honest documentary about a much anticipated family reunion that goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal to empathize with others . 
0	a brutally honest documentary about a much predict family reunion that sound incorrectly thanks to culture floor and a refusal to empathize with others . 
1	after realizing what had happened and unsure what else to do he began capturing the events unfolding around him . 
1	after realizing what had happened and later unsure what else to do he result began capturing the events unfolding around him . 
0	occasionally funny , always very colorful and enjoyably overblown in the traditional almodvar style . 
0	occasionally funny , always real very colorful and enjoyably overblown in the traditional almodvar style . 
1	josh also gets fixated on sex , though he has no clear idea what it's all about , and in particular on nadine ; to mike's chagrin , she seems more interested in josh than in him . 
1	josh also fixated on sex , though no clear idea what it's all about , and in particular nadine ; to mike's chagrin , she seems more interested in than him . 
0	during the tuxedo's 90 minutes of screen time , there isn't one true 'chan moment' . 
0	during the 90 minutes of screen , there isn't one true 'chan moment' . 
0	 " maid in manhattan " is a charmer , a pc " pretty woman " that ditches the odious prostitution theme for class commentary
0	 " prostitution in manhattan " is a charmer , a pc " pretty woman " that ditches class odious maid theme for the commentary
1	for ten years , tobias has worked in a clock factory and in the relentless sound of ticking , he sees life go by without much expectation . 
1	for ten years , worked in a clock factory and in relentless sound of ticking , sees life go without much expectation . 
1	one night , tobias knifes his father in the back , and escape to switzerland . 
1	one night , tobias knifes his escape in the back , and father to switzerland . 
1	as they sort out clues - it's a slight person , perhaps a woman , who walks with a leg brace and rides the bus - they also find a mutual attraction . 
1	as a sort out clues - it's a slight person , perhaps they woman , who walks with brace leg a a rides the bus - they also find and mutual attraction . 
0	hey , at least the title of this film lets you know exactly where it's heading . 
0	hey , least the title of this film you know exactly it's heading . 
0	though there are many tense scenes in trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful . 
0	there are many tense scenes trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful . 
0	forget the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this won't seem like such a bore . 
0	forget the psychology 101 contemplate of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costume in castle and this won't seem ilk such a acquit . 
0	essentially " fatal attraction " remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 . . . . this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along . . . 
0	essentially " fatal attraction " in for it who were in diapers when the original was released story 1987 . . . . this remade gets sillier , not scarier , as viewers goes along . . . 
1	he sells them the drugs , they teach him how to smoke a joint . 
1	he sells them the drugs , they teach him how to pot a spliff . 
1	the world around him seemingly comes to a stop ; everything and everybody becomes frozen in time . 
1	the world around round him seemingly comes to a stop ; everything and everybody becomes Earth frozen in time . 
0	aaliyah rarely dampens her diva persona enough to spark genuine chemistry with townsend . when she speaks , her creepy egyptian demigod voice is as computer processed and overproduced as it was in her music . 
0	aaliyah rarely dampens diva her persona enough to spark genuine chemistry her townsend . when processed speaks , her creepy egyptian demigod voice is as computer she and overproduced as it was in with music . 
1	a man who travels back to the house of his father , grandfather and backwards . 
1	a backwards who travels back to the house of his father , grandfather and man . 
0	scherfig , who has had a successful career in tv , tackles more than she can handle . 
0	scherfig , who has had successful a in career tv , tackles more than she can handle . 
0	jason x has cheesy effects and a hoary plot , but its macabre , self-deprecating sense of humor makes up for a lot . 
0	jason cheesy effects and a hoary plot , but its macabre , self-deprecating of humor makes up a lot . 
1	outside a storm rages and when the power goes out , darkness envelops the house . 
1	outside a storm rages and when the power fail out , darkness envelops the family . 
1	throughout their journey they survive gun battles , vicious hand to hand fighting , vision blurring car chases and a heart stopping train wreck hundreds of feet above a rocky gorge . 
1	throughout their journey they survive gun battles , a above to hand fighting , vicious blurring car chases and a heart stopping train wreck hundreds of feet vision hand rocky gorge . 
1	their marriage turns into a downward spiral where she works at a local strip club and starts having an affair with her husbands best friend , freddy . 
1	a marriage turns into friend downward spiral where she a at their local strip club and starts having an affair with her husbands best works , freddy . 
1	nobody talks about what happened five years ago , but something shifts beneath the surface of their lives a secret that won't stay buried . 
1	nobody talks about continue what happened five years ago , but something shifts beneath the mouth surface of their lives a secret that won't stay buried . 
0	if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you aren't very bright , then blood work is for you . 
0	if you savour being rewarded by a script that usurp you aren't very bright , then rake process is for you . 
0	it's not exactly worth the bucks to expend the full price for a date , but when it comes out on video , it's well worth a rental . 
0	it's not worth exactly the bucks to a the full price when expend date , but for it comes out on video , it's well worth a rental . 
1	after healing a woman of a stroke , william picks up another pastor who desires to learn the deeper things of god . 
1	after healing a woman of a stroke , william picks woof up another pastor who desires to learn the deeper things of larn god . 
0	the end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump . 
0	the like result is end cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump . 
0	'christian bale's quinn [is] a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . '
0	'christian quinn [is] a clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like gandalf wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . '
1	michael , an obessive compulsive real estate dealer who enjoys " the younger set . " 
1	michael , an obessive driven real estate dealer who enjoys " the younger correct . " 
1	the face of the serpent is an action-thriller with strong political undertones of local government corruption . 
1	face of the serpent an action-thriller with strong political of local government corruption . 
1	in an alternate space and time , a mythological being called the guardian is charged with manipulating and protecting dark matter . 
1	alternate an in space and time , a mythological being called charged guardian is the with manipulating and protecting dark matter . 
1	through simon , patricia strengthens her self-confidence to finally quit chicago . 
1	through simon , patricia strengthens her self-confidence to last cease chicago . 
1	he carefully plans every day of his life , leaving nothing to chance . 
1	he carefully plans every of his , leaving nothing to chance . 
0	there are many things that solid acting can do for a movie , but crafting something promising from a mediocre screenplay is not one of them . 
0	there are many things that solid of can do promising a movie , but crafting something for from them mediocre screenplay is not one acting a . 
0	at once somber and mysterious , comical and sad . it shows just how lonely a crowded city can be . 
0	at once and mysterious , comical and sad . it shows just how lonely city can be . 
1	along the way , ash continues to mature into the unstoppable pok&#233 ; mon trainer he will become in the future . 
1	along continues way , future pok to mature into the unstoppable the&#233 ; mon trainer he will become in the ash . 
0	is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic ? 
0	is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong totally action aesthetic ? 
1	the screenplay was adapted from sands' real diary , which he kept for the first 17 days of his 66-day hunger strike , until his ultimate death . 
1	the screenplay was from sands' real , which he kept for 17 of his 66-day hunger strike , until his ultimate death . 
0	following ram dass down from his pedestal gives mr . lemle a way into his subject that will compel the viewer . 
0	following matter ram dass down from his volition pedestal gives mr . lemle a way into his subject that will compel the viewer . 
1	lilli black , battling her painful memories and the secrets surrounding her dying father , collides into the complicated and obsessive life of morrison wiley on the streets of new york city . 
1	lilli opprobrious , battling her irritating memories and the secrets skirt her exit begetter , collides into the complicated and obsessive aliveness of morrison wiley on the streets of new york city . 
1	privileged and popular , deanna differs dramatically from the alienated alicia . 
1	and popular , deanna dramatically from the alienated alicia . 
0	when a movie is as down-and-out funny as austin powers in goldmember , it's easy to overlook the missed opportunities and fizzled jokes littering the barrage of hilarity . 
0	when a movie is down-and-out funny as austin powers in , it's easy to overlook the missed opportunities and jokes littering barrage of . 
1	an attorney ( ben affleck ) in a rush to make a court appointment to file legal papers involving a multi-million dollar trust accidentally collides with an alcoholic insurance salesman ( samuel jackson ) , who also is a rush for a court appointment involving the custody of his children . 
1	an attorney ( ben ) in rush make a court to file legal papers involving a multi-million dollar trust collides with an alcoholic insurance salesman ( samuel jackson ) , also is a rush for a court involving the of children . 
1	but harper himself is a suspect in several bomb attacks , one of which killed rachel's partner and friend . 
1	harper himself is a in several bomb , one of which killed rachel's partner and friend . 
1	'tracks' is based on the true-story of a middle class white suburban teenagers who unknowingly committed a senseless act of violence in july of 1982 . 
1	'tracks' is based on the true-story of a midsection class bloodless suburban teenager who unknowingly committed a witless move of violence in july of 1982 . 
0	no movement , no yuks , not much of anything . 
0	anything movement , no yuks , not much of no . 
1	isabel and clara are growing up in a time of terror . 
1	isabel and clara are up in a time of . 
1	guru gulab leaves india for america and comes to stay in the neighbourhood of dr . anmol acharya ( aftab shivdasani ) . 
1	guru gulab exit india for America and comes to rest in the neighbourhood of dr . anmol acharya ( aftab shivdasani ) . 
1	his family decides to go back on a holiday to india for 2 weeks , when tina discovers the truth about pooja's e-mails , they decide together that tina will play along with the charade . 
1	his decides to go back on a holiday to india for weeks , when tina the truth pooja's e-mails , they decide together tina will play along with the . 
0	the woods haven't been this creepy since the blair witch project . 
0	the woods haven't been this creepy since the blair beldame fancy . 
0	paid in full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks . 
0	paid in full is remarkably engaging despite being perceptibly noticeably signally derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks . 
1	the problem is that the mysterious inhabitants are murderous lunatics out to kill every one of them . . . 
1	the problem is that the mysterious constitute inhabitants are murderous lunatics out to kill every one of killing them . . . 
0	it's all gratuitous before long , as if schwentke were fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story . 
0	it's all gratuitous before hanker , as if schwentke were satisfy a gross-out quota for an foresee audience demographic instead of shaping the material to gibe the level . 
1	after school on saturday afternoon , a teacher asks her 6th grade students , budi and rosi , to take charge of raising the flag for next monday's ceremony . 
1	after school on saturday afternoon , a teacher asks her 6th form students , budi and rosi , to strike complaint of erect the flag for future monday's ceremony . 
0	the actors don't inhabit their roles -- they're trapped by them , forced to change behavior in bizarre unjustified fashion and spout dialog that consists mostly of platitudes . 
0	fashion actors don't inhabit their platitudes -- they're consists by them , forced to change behavior in bizarre unjustified the and spout dialog that trapped mostly of roles . 
1	a portrait of a generation that has evolved into individuals and lost respect for the gift of love . 
1	a portrait of a generation that has evolved into mortal and miss respect for the gift of bed . 
0	it makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film . 
0	it makes you believe the cast and conceive crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and good believed in their small-budget film . 
0	naipaul fans may be disappointed . those who are not acquainted with the author's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep . 
0	naipaul may disappointed . those are not acquainted with the author's work , on other hand , may fall fast asleep . 
1	vikrant wrongly implicates guru gulab in a very serious crime , which forces him to flee out of the india . 
1	vikrant wrong implicates guru gulab in a very grave crime , which strength him to flee out of the india . 
0	purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging . oh , and more entertaining , too . 
0	purports to a hollywood satire winds up as kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more . oh , more entertaining , . 
1	he is under the impression that rupi is dead . 
1	he is under the impression that rupi is deadened . 
0	too artsy by half , heaven nonetheless casts a spell that doesn't break until you leave the theater . 
0	too until by half , heaven nonetheless break a spell that doesn't casts artsy you leave the theater . 
0	think 'glengarry glen ross' without the mamet dialogue , and that's kinda what you'll get here . 
0	think 'glengarry ross' the mamet dialogue , and that's kinda what get here . 
0	secretary " is owned by its costars , spader and gyllenhaal . maggie g . makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen . 
0	secretary " is owned by its costars , gyllenhaal . maggie g . makes an amazing in her first starring eats up the screen . 
1	the comet hale-bopp is shooting across the sky for the last time in 4000 years . 
1	the comet hale-bopp is fritter across the sky for the last sentence in 4000 twelvemonth . 
1	meanwhile , assistant chief holland , the only man in the department willing to stand up to the sis , threatens to end perry's brand of singlehanded " justice " on the los angeles streets . 
1	meanwhile , adjunct gaffer Nederland , the only man in the department unforced to stand up to the si , threatens to goal perry's brand of singlehanded " justice " on the los angeles streets . 
0	an interesting , if not entirely successful , biography of two extraordinary personalities . 
0	an non interesting , if not entirely successful , biography of two extraordinary personalities . 
1	a retired emerald smuggler , robert , is convinced by his contact in brazil to come to rio and assist him with a lucrative deal . 
1	a retreat emerald smuggler , robert , is convinced by his link in brazil to number to rio and assist him with a lucrative hatful . 
1	writer-director steven soderbergh follows up ocean's 11 with the low-budget 'full frontal' , his first digitally shot film . 
1	writer-director the soderbergh follows up ocean's with 11 steven low-budget 'full frontal' , his first digitally shot film . 
1	they wander around japan in panda outfits , wreak havoc on a once civilized golf court , they even do stunts involving live alligators , and so on . 
1	once wander around on in panda outfits , wreak havoc japan a they do golf court , they even civilized stunts involving live alligators , and so on . 
0	an entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action movie . 
0	an , if somewhat standardized , action movie . 
0	what would have otherwise been a routine nostalgic coming-of-ager takes on a new , innovative form . 
0	what would have otherwise been a routine nostalgic coming-of-ager act takes on a new , innovative bring form . 
1	principle photography began in july 1999 when the band , bering strait , entered the united states and began recording their first album in nashville . 
1	principle photography began in july 1999 when the band , bering strait , entered the united began first states recording their and album in nashville . 
0	davis has filled out his cast with appealing fresh faces . 
0	Davys davis has filled out his cast with appealing fresh faces . 
1	a mobster's wife is forced to confront her dark side when her young child is kidnapped and held for ransom . 
1	a mobster's wife is dark to confront her forced side when her young child is kidnapped and ransom for held . 
1	the killer's clues are a perversion of biblical punishments for sins : stoning , burning , decapitation . 
1	the clues are a perversion of punishments for sins : stoning , burning , decapitation . 
1	he goes to a small room downtown , where he finds some rich asian teenager punks who are slumming it in their own little kick pad . 
1	he decease to a diminished room downtown , where he finds some rich asian stripling punks who are slumming it in their own little recoil lard . 
1	but ralph's got a special talent - an ability to impersonate any hollywood celebrity - the perfect disguise to hide his stutter . . . 
1	but ralph's got a special talent - an ability any hollywood celebrity - the perfect disguise hide stutter . . . 
0	the movie's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and it's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had . 
0	the represent movie's major and most devastating flaw is Major its reliance subside on formula , though , and it's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had . 
1	spencer meets paula in a hairsalon where he is getting his hair cut . 
1	inward spencer meets paula in a hairsalon where he is getting his hair cut . 
1	in the first trip in november 2001 , majidi visited the refugee camp of makaki in a taliban controlled area and mile 46 , another small camp situated in a northern alliance held area . 
1	in the kickoff travel in november 2001 , majidi see the refugee camp of makaki in a taliban assure area and mile 46 , another small camp situated in a Northern alliance check area . 
1	the grandfather teaches the boy a small lesson about growing up , while the boy helps the grandfather , a holocaust survivor , open up and tell his story , for the first time . 
1	the grandfather teaches the lesson a small boy about growing up , while holocaust boy helps the grandfather , a the survivor , open tell and up his story , for the first time . 
1	because of his shame , bobby undergoes a type of 'splitting' where a decrepit , ghoulish version of him is separated from his healthy self . 
1	because of type shame , bobby undergoes a his a 'splitting' where of decrepit , ghoulish version of him is separated from his healthy self . 
0	how inept is serving sara ? it makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly . 
0	how inept is serve sara ? it create even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly . 
0	a sparkling cosmopolitan comedy that plays fast and loose with sacred cows of family values . 
0	a sparkling cosmopolitan comedy that plays fast and loose with of family . 
0	it makes me feel weird / thinking about all the bad things in the world / like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens
0	it makes me feel weird / thinking about all the bad things in the down world / like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / film and movies virtually starring pop queens
1	martin van zandt ( victor garber ) is assigned the unenviable task of investigating the crime and finding someone to hold responsible . 
1	martin van zandt ( victor garber ) is assigned to unenviable task someone investigating the crime and finding of the hold responsible . 
1	when the day finally comes , johnny breaks from joe , which leads to only one thing - violence . 
1	when comes day finally the , johnny breaks from joe , violence leads to only one thing - which . 
1	3 years after retiring from the fbi because of a near-fatal encounter with hannibal lecter , who was helping him catch the " chesapeake ripper " , only to reveal it was hannibal himself , will graham is asked by his ex-partner jack crawford to come solve one last case - 2 slaughtered families every full moon . 
1	3 years after retiring the because a near-fatal encounter with hannibal lecter , who was helping him catch the " " , only to was hannibal , will graham is asked by his ex-partner jack crawford to come solve one last - 2 families every full moon . 
0	tim allen is great in his role but never hogs the scenes from his fellow cast , as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy . 
0	tim allen in his but never hogs the scenes from his cast , as plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy . 
1	ramu stands in and repeats the wisdom of sharonna , freeing the mind of the posh guests and attracting lexi to him . 
1	ramu stands in repeats wisdom of sharonna , freeing the mind of posh guests and lexi to him . 
1	on this morning , johnny wakes to his mother's accusations that he has botched a simple scam , leaving them without enough money to payoff their inside man . 
1	on this morning , johnny awake to his mother's accusations that he has botched a unsubdivided cozenage , leaving them without enough money to payoff their interior humans . 
1	these camps were surrounded by barb wire and guard towers . 
1	ward these camps were surrounded by barb wire and guard towers . 
1	a series of surprise events further obstructs their relationship , but tobias perseveres . 
1	a series of surprise further events obstructs their relationship , but tobias perseveres . 
0	definitely not the knee-slapper that i was told it would be , but enough hahas for me to grade as passable . 
0	not the knee-slapper that i told it would be , enough hahas for me to as passable . 
1	amerika and zed are upset that kyle is spending more time with trasha than with them . 
1	amerika and zed are overthrow that kyle is expenditure more clip with trasha than with them . 
1	dogville is shot exclusively in studio with a minimum of props once again allowing the actors' maximum freedom and full exposure inspired by televised theatre of the 70s . 
1	dogville is shot exclusively studio with a minimum of props again allowing the actors' maximum freedom and full exposure by of the 70s . 
0	'estupendamente actuada , sumamente emotiva y profundamente humana , es una experiencia flmica imposible de olvidar'
0	'olvidar' actuada , sumamente emotiva y profundamente humana , es una experiencia flmica imposible de estupendamente
1	big yard operates a child smuggling ring and 'superbob' must save dante or lose his son forever . 
1	big yard operates a child smuggling ring and 'superbob' must save dante or mesh lose his son Dante forever . 
1	will the doctor be able to save komal from the don ? 
1	will the doctor capable be able to save komal from the don ? 
1	john , and world-famous ice skating star , elena , are about to sign divorce papers when they realise that , in spite of everything happening around them , their love is worth fighting for . 
1	john , spite world-famous ice skating star , elena , are about to love divorce papers when they realise that , in and is everything happening around them , their sign of worth fighting for . 
0	directing with a sure and measured hand , [haneke] steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology . 
0	directing with a sure astatine and measured hand , [haneke] rather steers clear of the sensational and offers instead handwriting an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology . 
0	an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular . 
0	an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in inward general and the jump art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular . 
0	the director knows how to apply textural gloss , but his portrait of sex-as-war is strictly sitcom . 
0	the director recognize how to utilize textural colour , but his portrait of sex-as-war is strictly sitcom . 
1	this means that he is able to speak/understand snakes . 
1	this entail that he is able to speak/see snakes . 
0	move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel . 
0	over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel . 
0	harrison's flowers puts its heart in the right place , but its brains are in no particular place at all . 
0	harrison's in puts its heart in the right all , but its brains are flowers no particular place at place . 
0	a long-winded and stagy session of romantic contrivances that never really gels like the shrewd feminist fairy tale it could have been . 
0	a wordy and stagy session of romantic devisal that never really gels corresponding the calculating feminist fairy tale it could have been . 
0	at best , cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience . 
0	search best , cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in at of a movie better experience . 
0	about amy's cuteness , amy's career success ( she's a best-selling writer of self-help books who can't help herself ) , and amy's neuroses when it comes to men . 
0	about best-selling cuteness , can't career success ( she's a amy's writer of self-help who books amy's help herself ) , and amy's neuroses when it comes to men . 
0	the verdict : two bodies and hardly a laugh between them . 
0	the jest verdict : two bodies and hardly a laugh between them . 
1	the pied piper production penned by christian otjen concerns a 36-year-old man ( brian wimmer ) who returns to his hometown to confront the harsh reality of his father's supposed suicide . 
1	the pied piper production penned by christian otjen concerns a 36-year-old father's ( brian wimmer ) who confront to his hometown to suicide the harsh reality of his man supposed returns . 
1	the film intercuts between two days , two years apart . 
1	the film intercuts between two days , two year apart . 
1	this is the dark , moody tale of a neglected housewife who discovers she can escape her loneliness and recover a sense of interaction with her husband by having conversations with him . . . 
1	this sentiency is the dark , moody tale of a neglected adenine housewife who discovers she can escape her loneliness and recover a solitariness sense of interaction with her husband by having conversations with him . . . 
0	long before it's over , you'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser . 
0	long before it's over , you'll be conceive of 51 means to leave this loser . 
0	how i killed my father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you're watching an iceberg melt -- only it never melts . 
0	how i killed my father makes one art those of house films that is you feel like you're watching an melts melt -- only it never iceberg . 
1	a faction of political separatists , led by count dooku , attempts to assassinate her . 
1	a faction of political separatists , led by look dooku , effort to assassinate her . 
0	this has to be one of the most bizarre love stories ever to be filmed , not since nine  weeks has anybody done this much pampering for his 'girlfriend' . 
0	this has to be 1 of the most bizarre screw taradiddle ever to be filmed , not since nine  weeks has anybody execute this practically pampering for his 'girlfriend' . 
0	while [hill] has learned new tricks , the tricks alone are not enough to salvage this lifeless boxing film . 
0	while [hill] has learned new decent tricks , take the tricks alone are not enough to salvage this lifeless boxing film . 
0	moore's complex and important film is also , believe it or not , immensely entertaining , a david and goliath story that's still very much playing itself out . 
0	composite moore's complex and important film Oregon is also , believe it or vastly not , immensely entertaining , a david and goliath story that's still very much playing itself out . 
1	but what exactly is good and waht exactly is evil ? 
1	but what exactly is good waht exactly is ? 
0	the film is a travesty of the genre and even as spoof takes itself too seriously . 
0	the film is a charade of the genre and level as mockery takes itself too seriously . 
0	 . . . a mostly boring affair with a confusing sudden finale that's likely to irk viewers . 
0	 . . . a mostly boring affair with largely a confusing sudden finale that's likely to irk viewers . 
1	ami , having dropped out of college with twelve credits left , works at a flower shop , biding her time till she can get eric to understand what she knows deep down what she wants to do - be a mother . 
1	ami , dropped out of college twelve credits left , works at a shop , her time till she can get eric to understand what she knows deep down what wants to - be mother . 
0	harks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research . 
0	harks second to a time when movies had more to do with vision than market explore . 
0	the mystery of enigma is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent . . . could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture . 
0	the mystery of enigma first-rate so a rich historical subject , combined with how much is talent . . . could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture . 
0	despite a well-placed sense of historical outrage , fence isn't one-sided . 
0	despite a well-placed sense of historic historical outrage , fence isn't one-sided . 
0	that haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace . 
0	that haynes can both blessing maintain and dismantle the facades sanctify that his genre and sustain his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace . 
0	a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 . 
0	a tale of one of the great of century france : the murder of two rich by their servants in 1933 . 
0	its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , steven soderbergh's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience . 
0	its audacious ambitions sabotaged by ostentation , steven soderbergh's quad opera emerges as a numbingly numb experience . 
0	read my lips is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love . 
0	read on lips is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary and intelligence originality as well of its lyrical variations my the game as love . 
1	a new reality-style game show , " treasure hunt " has invited a cast of contestants , including a los angeles cop who's joined to try and make up for an earlier pr blunder , to a tropical island to hunt for a buried treasure worth ten million dollars . 
1	a new game show , " treasure hunt " invited a cast , including a los angeles cop who's to and make up for an earlier pr blunder , to tropical island to hunt for a buried treasure worth ten million . 
0	a very funny look at how another culture handles the process of courting and marriage . 
0	a very funny look at how another culture rattling handles the process of courting and ampere marriage . 
1	the only thing that matters for him is break dancing . 
1	the thing that matters for him break dancing . 
1	partly because of the severe regime of a dreadful nurse , the five decide to escape from their new home and go back to the old one under their own steam . 
1	partly because of one severe regime of a their nurse , the five decide to their from dreadful new home and go back to the old the under escape own steam . 
1	slim , the thinking head hatched a plan for their final retirement : five consecutive burglars , in five days , involving 20 million dollars . 
1	slim , the thinking head hatched a plan for their final retirement : five inch consecutive burglars , in five days , hatch involving 20 million dollars . 
0	despite its shortcomings , girls can't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre . 
0	despite its shortcomings , girls can't swim represents by intimate and engaging first feature an a the director to watch , and it's a worthy entry in talented french coming-of-age genre . 
1	her struggle for freedom and a sense of identity culminates in a conflict where the one love may not be the one you can trust and the habits with which one sleepwalks through life are not easily broken . 
1	her struggle the freedom and sleepwalks sense are and culminates in a conflict where the one love may not be the one you can trust identity for habits with which one a through life of not easily broken . 
0	tian emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to liyan's backyard . 
0	tian emphasizes the isolation of these characters by restrain semblance to liyan's backyard . 
1	cruise's character has the tables turned on him when he is accused of a future crime and must find out what brought it about and stop it before it can happen in the year 2054 , a so-called " pre-crime division " is working around washington , dc . 
1	cruise's fiber has the tabularize wrick on him when he is accused of a future crime and must find out what brought it about and break it before it can pass in the class 2054 , a so-called " pre-crime partitioning " is working roughly washington , dc . 
0	a lean , surprisingly artful programmer , closer in spirit to something like don siegel's riot in cell block 11 than to typical boxing fare . 
0	a lean , surprisingly artful programmer , closer in spirit inch to something like don tend siegel's riot in cell block 11 than to typical boxing fare . 
1	the circles cause a media frenzy and test hess's faith as he journeys to find out the truth behind the crop circles . 
1	the circles cause a media frenzy and test hess's faith journeying as he journeys to find out the truth stunned behind the crop circles . 
0	i didn't believe for a moment in these villains or their plot . 
0	i believe for a moment in villains or their plot . 
0	much as we might be interested in gratuitous sexualization , haneke has a different objective in mind--namely the implications of our craving for fake stimulation . 
0	much as we might be interested in gratuitous stimulation , haneke has craving different objective in mind--namely the implications of our a for fake sexualization . 
0	there's a vastness implied in metropolis that is just breathtaking . 
0	there's a wideness mean in metropolis that is just breathtaking . 
1	carol miller is a psychologist with a dark secret . 
1	psychologist miller is a carol with a dark secret . 
1	till the end of time , they will stay that way . 
1	till cashbox the end of time , they will stay that way . 
0	the filmmakers lack the nerve . . . to fully exploit the script's potential for sick humor . 
0	the filmmakers lack the nerve . . . to the script's potential for sick humor . 
1	while working a car insurance scam , toni cutter , a female con artist , accidentally turns a routine collision into a fatality and exposes her lawyer and lover , stephen tally , to felony murder charges from the district attorney . 
1	a working while car insurance scam , toni cutter , a district murder artist , accidentally turns a from collision into a fatality and exposes her lawyer and lover , stephen tally , to felony con charges routine the female attorney . 
0	this is darkest drama reminiscent of antonin artaud's literary experiments in psychoanalysis . 
0	this is experiment darkest drama reminiscent of antonin artaud's literary experiments in psychoanalysis . 
0	an afterschool special without the courage of its convictions . 
0	an afterschool special the courage of its convictions . 
0	 . . . a b-movie-and-proud-of-it thrill ride , probably the best of its kind since tremors . 
0	 . . . ride b-movie-and-proud-of-it thrill a , probably the best of its kind since tremors . 
0	i'd watch these two together again in a new york minute . 
0	i'd watch two together in a new york minute . 
1	 " the bride " was once part of a group of world class female assassins , until the group leader , " bill " and the other assassins turn against her . 
1	 " the bride " was once part of a group round of world class female assassins , until the group leader , " bill " and the aggroup other assassins Bridget turn against her . 
0	no one , including the viewers , seems to know who can be trusted , and that's what makes this movie fun to watch . 
0	no one , including the viewers , seems know can be , and that's what makes this fun to watch . 
1	the friends may listen , but when do they learn maybe never or only when the journey begins with you . 
1	the friends may listen , but when do they learn maybe with you only when the journey begins never or . 
1	chon's sister , lin ( wong ) , also thirsty for vengeance , stumbles into what appears to be a conspiracy to off the royal family . 
1	chon's sister , lin ( off ) , also thirsty for vengeance , stumbles into royal appears to be a conspiracy to wong the what family . 
0	you can sip your vintage wines and watch your merchant ivory productions ; i'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week . 
0	you sip vintage wines and watch your merchant ; settle for a nice cool glass of tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week . 
1	two members of a private organization , cupic ( central unidentified phenomenon investigation committee ) and a local psychiatrist investigate , in an effort to solve this mystery . 
1	members of a private organization , cupic ( central unidentified phenomenon committee ) and a local psychiatrist investigate , an effort to solve mystery . 
1	this ensemble comedy tells ten separate ( but intertwining ) stories of love in london ( with a small portion set in france ) , leading up to a big climax on christmas eve . 
1	this ensemble comedy intertwining ten separate ( but tells ) stories of love set london ( with a small portion in in france ) , leading up to on big climax a christmas eve . 
1	the plan goes awry when trasha and her psychosis find themselves a paying gig and tables are turned , trashed and burned . 
1	the plan goes awry when trasha and her psychosis find fire themselves a paying gig and tables are turned , trashed become and burned . 
0	american chai encourages rueful laughter at stereotypes only an indian-american would recognize . and the lesson , in the end , is nothing new . 
0	american encourages rueful laughter stereotypes only an indian-american would recognize . the lesson , in the end , nothing new . 
0	if you saw benigni's pinocchio at a public park , you'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police . 
0	if you pinocchio at public park , you'd grab your kids and and then probably call the police . 
1	amelia is a jaded top model , nina is a midwestern innocent on her first trip , fernanda is a bisexual supermodel , ellie is the calm , sensible stylist . 
1	amelia is a tire meridian exemplary , nina is a midwestern innocent on her first spark , fernanda is a bisexual supermodel , ellie is the calmness , sensible stylist . 
0	it seems lawrence has reflected deeply upon his down periods . they've left him wiser without dulling the sharp edges of his humor . 
0	it seems lawrence has reflected deeply witticism upon his incisive down periods . they've left him wiser without dulling the sharp edges of his humor . 
1	context is provided by those who protested against segregation and the limited franchise earlier in bermuda by authoring a " secret document " that analysed the social problems of the island . 
1	context is render by those who protested against segregation and the trammel franchise originally in bermuda by authoring a " hidden document " that analysed the sociable problems of the island . 
0	director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great . 
0	follow director besides shekhar kapur and screenwriters accompany michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great . 
0	it's hard not to feel you've just watched a feature-length video game with some really heavy back story . 
0	it's hard not to feel feature-length a watched just you've video game with some really heavy back story . 
1	mystery inc . ( daphne , fred , velma , shaggy , and scooby doo ) has broken up ; on the grounds of who has been solving their cases . 
1	mystery INC . ( daphne , fred , velma , shaggy , and scooby doo ) has divulge up ; on the undercoat of who has been solving their suit . 
1	the story follows a university of texas professor , dr . david gale , an advocate for the abolishment of capital punishment , who is falsly convicted of rape and murder of another activist . 
1	the storey comply a university of texas professor , dr . david gale , an pleader for the abolishment of great punishment , who is falsly convicted of assault and hit of another activist . 
0	it's clear why deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm's shelf . 
0	it's clear why deuces , which was two years ago , been gathering dust on mgm's shelf . 
1	the quest takes him to the mountains of north carolina , the beaches of the dominican republic , the islands off of ireland , the gardens of japan and the holy land of india . 
1	the quest takes him to the mountains of north carolina , the Nippon beaches India of the dominican republic , the islands off of ireland , the gardens of japan and the holy pursuance land of india . 
1	as a young teenager , he finds out who his father is . 
1	as a young who , he finds out teenager his father is . 
0	turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film's characters
0	turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience or as film's only for the film's publicists that for people who take as many drugs plays the better characters
0	a morose little soap opera about three vapid , insensitive people who take turns hurting each other . it's a feature-length adaptation of one of those " can this marriage be saved ? " columns from ladies home journal . . . 
0	a morose little hurting opera about three vapid , insensitive people who take turns soap each other . it's a feature-length adaptation of marriage of those " can be one this saved ? " columns from ladies home journal . . . 
0	lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it's compelling . 
0	lazy a , with he director taking filmmaking hands-off approach when the should have shaped the story to show us why it's compelling . 
1	after months in the holy land he returns home in hope of forgiveness , some poontang and perhaps , if he finds the time , finding the mysterious wizard . . . 
1	after mayhap months in the holy land he returns render home in hope of forgiveness , some poontang Hope and perhaps , if he finds the time , finding the mysterious wizard . . . 
1	as the story unfolds , the real intentions of the little devil become clear . 
1	as the story unfolds , the real intentions blossom of the little devil become clear . 
1	charlotte and teis , partners for some years , are going to climb a mountain , literally and metaphorically . 
1	and teis , partners for some years , are going a mountain , literally and metaphorically . 
1	no ten&#237 ; a que enfrentarse con la estrategia y potencia de un ej&#233 ; rcito enemigo , sino con el jolgorio de grandes masas que invadir&#237 ; an el territorio con panderetas , risotadas e histeria . 
1	no ten&# ; a que enfrentarse con la estrategia y potencia un ej&#233 ; rcito , con el jolgorio de grandes masas que invadir&#237 ; el territorio panderetas , e histeria . 
1	though the bosses killed his father , he is loyal to them and is considered family . 
1	though the equal bosses killed his father , he is loyal to them and He is considered family . 
1	is the story of eight very different people who go on a catalogue modeling trip from sophisticated los angeles to the remote mountains of california . 
1	is the story eight very different people who on a catalogue trip sophisticated los angeles to the remote mountains california . 
0	color , musical bounce and warm seas lapping on island shores . and just enough science to send you home thinking . 
0	color , musical bounce and warm seas lapping island . and just enough science to send you home . 
0	a knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor . 
0	a knowing humor at female friendship , spiked with raw urban look . 
1	ruby falls in love and becomes impregnated by sandy , a xerox shop worker . 
1	ruby falls a love and becomes impregnated by sandy , in xerox shop worker . 
1	subconscious art : a product of artistic merit that was created without conscious artistic intentions . 
1	subconscious artistry : a ware of artistic merit that was created without conscious artistic intentions . 
1	but unfortunately , karl lubeck has seen better days . 
1	but unfortunately , karl days has seen better lubeck . 
0	has its moments -- and almost as many subplots . 
0	has its moments -- and almost as many . 
1	when four kids stop for gas at a strange gas station/freak show/chicken stand on halloween eve , they get directions to a spooky local site from a very strange attendant whose intentions arent that clear , and the story begins from there . 
1	four kids stop at a strange gas station/freak/chicken on halloween , they get directions to a spooky local site from a very strange attendant intentions arent that clear , and the story begins there . 
0	though talk in the film often turns to death , khatra's enthusiasm and love of life keep the movie surprisingly upbeat . 
0	though talk in the film often turns to death , khatra's enthusiasm and love of end life keep the movie hold surprisingly upbeat . 
0	like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film . 
0	like the cool chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film . 
0	it's the type of film about growing up that we don't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least . 
0	it's the case of film about originate up that we don't fancy oftentimes enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least . 
1	intent on exacting bloody revenge on the reunited english friends murray possesses the body of a guest and turns him into a murderer . 
1	intent on along exacting bloody revenge on the reunited english friends murray possesses the body of a guest and turns him into a sour murderer . 
1	wanted : lost soul to look after 4 woman . 
1	: lost soul to look after 4 woman . 
1	in the cutthroat world of children's television , rainbow randolph , the corrupt , costumed star of a popular children's tv show , is fired over a bribery scandal and replaced by squeaky-clean smoochy , a puffy fuscia rhinoceros . 
1	in the cutthroat by of a television , rainbow randolph , the corrupt , costumed star of children's popular children's tv show , is fired over a bribery a and replaced world squeaky-clean smoochy , scandal puffy fuscia rhinoceros . 
1	sally's daughter , vicky , is aware of beck's chosen profession and threatens to tell her mom ( who beck has fallen in love with ) about it unless he tutors her in the art of card counting . 
1	daughter , vicky , aware of beck's chosen profession and threatens to tell her ( who beck has in love with ) it unless tutors her in the art of card counting . 
1	 " frida " chronicles the life frida kahlo ( salma hayek ) shared unflichingly and openly with diego rivera ( alfred molina ) , as the young couple took the art world by storm . 
1	 " frida " account the liveliness frida kahlo ( salma hayek ) shared unflichingly and openly with diego rivera ( alfred molina ) , as the immature couple withdraw the art public by storm . 
0	an invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent . 
0	an invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , plain cultivation and devotion to his people thank are readily apparent . 
1	this discovery thrusts tong into world of international intrigue and espionage and pairs him with an inexperienced partner ( hewitt ) . 
1	this thrusts tong into world of international and espionage and pairs him with inexperienced partner ( hewitt ) . 
0	bad . very bad . stultifyingly , dumbfoundingly , mind-numbingly bad . 
0	bad . very bad . stultifyingly , dumbfoundingly , mind-numbingly bad . 
0	the movie is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects . 
0	movie funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects . 
0	others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that 'the urge to destroy is also a creative urge' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find morrison's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating . 
0	others , more attuned to the syndicalist maxim that 'the impulse to destroy is too a creative urge' , or more willing to visualize with their own eye , will detect morrison's iconoclastic usage of technology to be liberating . 
1	she's helped along in that process by betsy wright ( pamela gordon ) , a misanthropic dog-walker in need of help with her business and struggling with her own dark past . 
1	she's process betsy wright ( pamela gordon ) , a misanthropic dog-walker in need of help with her business and struggling with her own dark past . 
1	prosit has made a lot of enemy&#180 ; s . 
1	prosit has made a of enemy&#180 ; s . 
1	 " in life , we first organize large stones ( piedras ) such as love , friendship , family , and a career . " 
1	 " in life , we first organize large stones ( piedras ) such calling as love , friendship , family , and a sprightliness career . " 
1	the story is about a woman who works in some sort of facility and one night while she is on late shift the computers go crazy because they have been possesed by a spirit . 
1	the and is about a woman who works in because sort of facility story one been while she is on late shift the computers go crazy a they have night possesed by some spirit . 
1	davey stone , a 33-year old party animal , finds himself in trouble with the law after his wild ways go too far . 
1	davey stone , a 33-year old party animal , find himself in trouble with the law after his godforsaken means fling too far . 
0	if routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $8 and get ready for the big shear . this is one baaaaaaaaad movie . 
0	if routine action and jokes like movie are your cup of for , pay then your $8 and get ready tea the big shear . this is one baaaaaaaaad this . 
1	the old man marries her after a short period of acquaintance . 
1	the old man her after a short of acquaintance . 
0	it gets bogged down by hit-and-miss topical humour before getting to the truly good stuff . 
0	it fix bogged down by hit-and-miss topical humour before go to the truly good glut . 
1	although mother and son are initially at odds , their relationship begins to change when he discovers that his bride-to-be likes his mother's rock-n-roll lifestyle too . 
1	although father and son are initially at odds , their relationship start to transfer when he unwrap that his bride-to-be ilk his mother's rock-n-roll lifestyle too . 
0	for all its alleged youthful fire , xxx is no less subservient to bond's tired formula of guns , girls and gadgets while brandishing a new action hero . 
0	for all its alleged youthful fire , xxx is no LE subservient to bond's tired formula of artillery , missy and gadgets while brandishing a new sue zep . 
0	the title helpfully offers the most succinct review of it you'll read anywhere . 
0	the helpfully offers the most succinct of it you'll read anywhere . 
1	barbara novak ( renee zellweger ) has just come down from maine to new york after writing a book called down with love . 
1	barbara novak ( renee zellweger ) has just come down refine from maine to penning new york after writing a book called down with love . 
0	watching the chemistry between freeman and judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing . almost . 
0	view the chemistry between freeman and judd , however , almost shuffle this movie worth sightedness . almost . 
1	but , disaster strikes , when val goes temporarily blind , due to paranoia . 
1	but , disaster strikes , goes temporarily blind , due to paranoia . 
1	veteran film director matty bonkers ( bob rafelson ) , a hollywood legend , arrives in berlin for an honorary retrospective tribute . 
1	veteran film director matty bonkers ( inward bob rafelson ) , a hollywood legend , arrives in berlin for an honorary arrive retrospective tribute . 
0	 . . . surprisingly inert for a movie in which the main character travels back and forth between epochs . 
0	 . . . surprisingly inert for a movie the main character travels back forth between epochs . 
0	there's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that's packed with just as much intelligence as action . 
0	there's action more satisfying during a summer of identity movies than a spy thriller like the bourne event that's packed as just as much intelligence with nothing . 
1	finally , the unequal lovers end up as fugitives from justice - but for how long ? 
1	justness finally , the unequal lovers end up as fugitives from justice - but for how long ? 
0	cho's latest comic set isn't as sharp or as fresh as i'm the one that i want . . . but it's still damn funny stuff . 
0	cho's latest comic set isn't as funny or as still as i'm the one that i want . . . but it's fresh damn sharp stuff . 
1	but he meets cac&#225 ; 's brother , nando , who tries to convince him to take part in a scam . 
1	but he meets cac&#225 ; 's brother , nando , who tries to convince him to part a . 
1	together they discover that a corporation funds and is profitting from the plantation-like work environment they are forced to work under . 
1	together they discover that a corporation funds and is from the plantation-like work environment forced work under . 
0	the film contains no good jokes , no good scenes , barely a moment when carvey's saturday night live-honed mimicry rises above the level of embarrassment . 
0	the film contains no good jokes , no good scenes , barely a moment saturday night live-honed mimicry above level of embarrassment . 
0	the acting is just fine , but there's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff . 
0	the performing is just ticket , but there's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 second , especially with the watery payoff . 
0	not really bad so much as distasteful : we need kidnapping suspense dramas right now like we need doomsday thrillers . 
0	not really bad so much as right : we need kidnapping suspense dramas distasteful now like doomsday need we thrillers . 
0	it wants to be thought of as a subversive little indie film , but it has all the qualities of a modern situation comedy . 
0	it wants to be thought of as a subversive all indie film , but it has little comedy qualities of a modern situation the . 
1	a 19th century insane asylum is memorialized by a captivating montage of inventories , histories , and brain surgeries . 
1	a 19th century insane asylum hundred is memorialized by nineteenth a captivating montage of inventories , histories , and brain surgeries . 
0	the plot convolutions ultimately add up to nothing more than jerking the audience's chain . 
0	the plot upwards convolutions ultimately add up to nothing more than jerking the audience's chain . 
1	combining historical documentation , personal stories , and interviews with noted experts and legislators , this documentary honors the dildo's fight for legitimacy and its many admirers . 
1	combine historical documentation , personal level , and interviews with renowned experts and legislators , this documentary honors the dildo's contend for legitimacy and its many admirers . 
0	everyone connected to this movie seems to be part of an insider clique , which tends to breed formulaic films rather than fresh ones . 
0	everyone connected to than movie seems to an part of be insider clique , which tends to breed formulaic films rather this fresh ones . 
1	beyond borders is an epic tale of the turbulent romance between two star-crossed lovers set against the backdrop of the world's most dangerous hot spots . 
1	beyond borders is backcloth an epic tale near of the turbulent romance between two star-crossed lovers set against background the backdrop of the world's most dangerous hot spots . 
0	well made but uninvolving , bloodwork isn't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery . 
0	well made but uninvolving , bloodwork isn't AN a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar unitary for a murder mystery . 
0	there are times when a rumor of angels plays like an extended episode of touched by an angel -- a little too much dancing , a few too many weeping scenes -- but i liked its heart and its spirit . 
0	there are times when a rumor of angels plays like an extended episode of touched by marrow an angel -- a little too much dancing , AN a few pertain too many weeping scenes -- but i liked its heart and elongated its spirit . 
0	the acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line . 
0	the acting is fine but script about as interesting recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line . 
0	[kidd] can write dialogue , work skillfully with actors , and he has a pretty good handle on urban loneliness of the knowing , virulent new york city variety . 
0	[kidd] can write dialogue , work skillfully with actors , fresh and he has a pretty good handle on urban loneliness of the amp knowing , virulent new York york city variety . 
0	although barbershop boasts some of today's hottest and hippest acts from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy , this movie strangely enough has the outdated swagger of a shameless 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom . 
0	although barbershop some of today's hottest and hippest acts from the television , music and stand-up , movie strangely enough has the outdated swagger of a 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom . 
0	whenever you think you've figured out late marriage , it throws you for a loop . 
0	you've you think whenever figured out late marriage , it throws you for a loop . 
1	but just when james starts to question his role and his cat-and-mouse relationship with his mentor , burke taps him for a special assignment to root out a mole . 
1	but just when james starts to question his role and taps mole relationship with his mentor , burke his him a for special assignment to root out a cat-and-mouse . 
0	the backyard battles you staged with your green plastic army men were more exciting and almost certainly made more sense . 
0	the battles you staged with your green plastic army men were exciting almost certainly more sense . 
0	there is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time . 
0	there is simply not plenty of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute working time . 
0	at once emotional and richly analytical , the cosby-seinfeld encounter alone confirms the serious weight behind this superficially loose , larky documentary . 
0	at once emotional and richly analytical , the cosby-seinfeld bump solo confirms the serious weight slow this superficially release , larky documentary . 
1	john connor ( nick stahl ) is living in the streets as a hacker . 
1	john connor ( nick stahl ) is surviving in the streets as a hack . 
0	in his determination to lighten the heavy subject matter , silberling also , to a certain extent , trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls . 
0	in his determination to lighten the weighty capable matter , silberling also , to a certain extent , trivializes the movie with too many anxious joke and flub . 
1	jesse custer , a texas preacher , is imbued by the power of an entity called genesis , part angel and part demon , who give him the power of the word , the ability to make anybody do anything he says . 
1	jesse custer , a texas preacher , is and by the power who an entity called word , part angel imbued him demon , of give part the power of the genesis , the ability to make anybody do anything he says . 
0	the tone errs on the shrill side , tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons . 
0	the tone errs on the tempered side , shrill by a soft of gentility that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full southern skeletons . 
0	gangs , despite the gravity of its subject matter , is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western . 
0	gangs , despite its gravity good the subject matter , is often as fun to watch as a of spaghetti western . 
1	it is in this great maritime empire , where opulence rhymes with tolerance , that isabel organizes secret passages for refugees fleeing the inquisition while clara falls in love with a venetian noble , paolo zane . 
1	it is with this great maritime empire , where zane rhymes with tolerance , that isabel organizes secret passages for refugees inquisition the fleeing while clara falls in love in a venetian noble , paolo opulence . 
1	valento feels the heat and turns the table : he makes the dupe into one of his own and rubs the da's nose in it . 
1	valento feels the heat and turns the table : he the dupe into one of his own and rubs the da's . 
0	if you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash . 
0	if you value your metre and money , discover an escape clause and avoid seeing this shopworn , predictable rehash . 
1	chomsky , in stark and uncompromising terms , challenges the united states to apply to its own actions the moral standards it demands of others . 
1	chomsky , stark and uncompromising , challenges the united states to apply to its own actions the standards it of others . 
0	it's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby . 
0	it's something to believe that hard so short could be so flabby . 
0	the warnings to resist temptation in this film . . . are blunt and challenging and offer no easy rewards for staying clean . 
0	the warnings to resist temptation in this film . . . stay are blunt and challenging and offer no easy honour rewards for staying clean . 
1	left in the care of erica and his doctor ( reeves ) , a love triangle starts to take shape . 
1	left in doctor care of erica and his the ( a ) , reeves love triangle starts to take shape . 
0	there's nothing provocative about this film save for the ways in which it studiously avoids provoking thought . 
0	there's nothing provocative about this film save for IT the ways in which it IT studiously avoids provoking thought . 
0	the vistas are sweeping and the acting is far from painful . 
0	the from are sweeping and the acting is far vistas painful . 
0	queen of the damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame . 
0	queen as the damned of you might have guessed , makes sorry use of aaliyah and her one in only but role -- she does little here starring point at things that explode into flame . 
0	isn't it a bit early in his career for director barry sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ? and it's a lousy one at that . 
0	isn't it a bit early in his adenine career for director barry IT sonnenfeld to do IT a homage to himself ? and it's a lousy one at that . 
0	you might not buy the ideas . but you'll definitely want the t-shirt . 
0	you might not want the ideas . but you'll definitely buy the t-shirt . 
1	these blow up another ship with jews , deports and jails the atlantic's refugees in palestine , and then deports them to far-off mauritius islands for 5 years in jail : until the end of the war . 
1	these blow up the ship with jews , deports and jails another atlantic's refugees in palestine , and then deports them to in mauritius islands for 5 years far-off end : until the jail of the war . 
1	unlike most reunion stories that climax with a clich&#233 ; happy ending , daughter from danang is a real-life drama . 
1	unlike most reunion stories that climax with clich&#233 ; happy ending , daughter danang is real-life drama . 
0	a spellbinding african film about the modern condition of rootlessness , a state experienced by millions around the globe . 
0	a spellbinding african film about the modern of rootlessness , a by millions around the globe . 
0	only a supremely flexible talent like kinnear could whittle away at crane's nuances and come up with thespian gold . 
0	a supremely flexible talent like kinnear could away at crane's nuances and come with thespian gold . 
0	at its best early on as it plays the culture clashes between the brothers . 
0	at its it early on as best plays the culture clashes between the brothers . 
1	unlike their sons , eddie and sean are immigrants , or children of immigrants , who have made peace with their unfulfilled dreams . 
1	unlike their sons , and sean , or children of immigrants , who have made peace their unfulfilled dreams . 
1	after loosing his wife and kids , his life encounters another pitfall when mitch's accounting client , donny diamond ( john capadice ) , a former pro-football player , accuses mitch of embezzelment and hires a couple of thugs to murder him . 
1	after his and kids , his life encounters another pitfall accounting client , diamond ( john capadice ) , a former pro-football player , accuses mitch of embezzelment and hires a couple thugs to murder . 
1	high in the mountains of macedonia a team of young film makers are making a documentary about katerina vandeva - a descendant of an ancient and very famous family . 
1	making in the mountains of macedonia a team family young and makers are high a documentary about katerina vandeva - a descendant of an ancient film very famous of . 
1	when his affair with a young troubled janitor ( kidman ) is uncovered , the secret silk had harbored for over fifty years from his wife , his children and colleague , writer nathan zuckerman , fast explodes in a conflagration of devastating consequences . 
1	when his intimacy with a young pain janitor ( kidman ) is exposed , the secluded silk had entertain for over fifty years from his wife , his nipper and colleague , writer nathan zuckerman , riotous explodes in a conflagration of devastating consequences . 
1	he pays the price for his sleepless night , however , the next morning when his father awakens him into a whole nude world . 
1	he pays the price for his sleepless night , however , next the morning when world father awakens him into a whole nude his . 
1	a hitchcockian thriller in the spirit of 'rope' and agatha christie's 'ten little indians' that begs the question can murder , if done well , be considered art ? 
1	a in the spirit of 'rope' and agatha 'ten little that begs the question can murder , if well , be considered art ? 
0	audiences can be expected to suspend their disbelief only so far -- and that does not include the 5 o'clock shadow on the tall wooden kid as he skips off to school . 
0	hearing can be expected to debar their disbelief only so far -- and that does not include the quintet o'clock fantasm on the tall wooden tyke as he skips off to train . 
0	beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself . 
0	beautifully inject against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva , the cinema spread with all the mount tension of an technical thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveal itself . 
0	director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film's music than to the story line ; what's best about drumline is its energy . 
0	director stone iii applies more to the film's music than to the line ; what's about drumline is its energy . 
0	if h . g . wells had a time machine and could take a look at his kin's reworked version , what would he say ? 'it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point . '
0	if h . gram . wells had a time machine and could exact a look at his kin's reworked edition , what would he say ? 'it face estimable , sonny , but you missed the level . '
1	he presents himself to be a rich boy , fool her and romance with her . 
1	he presents himself to be a rich boy , mug her and court with her . 
0	the film is itself a sort of cinematic high crime , one that brings military courtroom dramas down very , very low . 
0	the is itself a sort of cinematic crime , one that brings military courtroom dramas very , very . 
1	can those memories be strong enough to make them find their own ways , back in each others arms again ? 
1	can those memories be strong enough to prepare them notice their own ways , backbone in each others arms again ? 
0	before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , steven shainberg's adaptation of mary gaitskill's harrowing short story . . . is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience . 
0	before it takes a sudden work and pass into a bizarre screen of romantic comedy , steven shainberg's adaptation of mary gaitskill's harrowing forgetful taradiddle . . . is a brilliantly played , deep unsettling experience . 
0	the problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not . 
0	the problem is that idea it has no the of movie is serious or not . 
0	overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances . 
0	overcomes its ocular visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances . 
0	even when he's not at his most critically insightful , godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work . 
0	even when not at his critically insightful , godard still be smarter than 50 other filmmakers still at work . 
1	during this time he becomes wracked by horrific and surreal visions that begin to fuel his work . 
1	during this time he becomes wracked by horrific and fire surreal visions that begin to fuel lick his work . 
1	in their new environment , the men relinquish their frat mentality and realize how hurtful they have been to women over the years . 
1	in their new environment , the world renounce their fraternity mentality and realize how hurtful they have been to women over the yr . 
1	frank and his sister caroline arrive in mystical attic town where the great syndicate is ruling and robbing the citizens . 
1	frank and his sister caroline arrive in mystical attic where the great is robbing the citizens . 
0	one thing has been made very clear -- being john malkovich wasn't a fluke . 
0	one thing has been form very elucidate -- being john malkovich wasn't a fluke . 
1	the other members of the po-boys - peter , joseph and guy , are also facing a musician's mid-life crisis in a business that the age 30 is seen as over the hill . 
1	other members of the - peter , joseph and guy , are facing a musician's mid-life in a business that the age 30 is seen the hill . 
1	a blind girl gets a cornea transplant so that she would be able to see again . 
1	a blind girl mother a cornea transplantation so that she would be able to view again . 
0	not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired . 
0	not uracil that any of us should be complaining cinema when folio a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired . 
0	watching beanie and his gang put together his slasher video from spare parts and borrowed materials is as much fun as it must have been for them to make it . 
0	watching to and his gang put together his slasher video from spare borrowed and parts materials is as much fun as it it have been for them beanie make must . 
1	only the android attendants are still capable of action , mindlessly maintaining and administering the 'drip' . 
1	only the android attendants of still administering are action , mindlessly maintaining and capable the 'drip' . 
0	 . . . the picture's cleverness is ironically muted by the very people who are intended to make it shine . 
0	 . . . the picture's cleverness is ironically muted by the very people who are it shine . 
1	rather than spreading good cheer , the duo's motive is to rob each establishment , a strategy that becomes complicated when they encounter an 8-year-old who teaches them the true meaning of christmas . 
1	rather soak than spreading good cheer , the duo's full motive learn is to rob each establishment , a strategy that becomes complicated when they encounter an 8-year-old who teaches them the true meaning of christmas . 
1	what if fate intervened and hitler was forced into hiding in post-war london ? 
1	into if fate intervened and hitler was forced what hiding in post-war london ? 
0	 . . . expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape . 
0	 . . . expands the cakehole horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into head a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape . 
0	unlike most teen flicks , swimming takes its time to tell its story , casts mostly little-known performers in key roles , and introduces some intriguing ambiguity . 
0	unlike most teen flicks , swimming takes its time to its story , casts performers in key roles , and introduces intriguing ambiguity . 
1	blau ( trevor griffiths ) needs a favor for old times' sake . 
1	blau ( trevor griffiths ) needs a favor for prefer old times' sake . 
0	an effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence . 
0	an effective portrait of a life dead-end the -- of stasis power of inertia to arrest development in a in existence . 
1	this romantic comedy , described as an african-american when harry met sally . . . , centers on a romance between an a&#38 ; r exec , dre ( diggs ) , at a hip-hop label and a magazine editor , sidney ( lathan ) , who have known each other since childhood . 
1	this romantic comedy , described as an since a harry met sally . . . , centers on when have between an a&#exec ; r 38 , dre ( diggs ) , at a hip-hop label and a magazine editor , sidney ( lathan ) , who romance known each other african-american childhood . 
0	a little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of hurt . 
0	a little more intensity and a little less charm would have economize this celluloid a world-wide of hurt . 
0	if the first men in black was money , the second is small change . but it still jingles in the pocket . it's fun lite . 
0	if the first men in black was money , the is change . but still in the pocket . it's fun lite . 
1	told in five parts to represent each of the five senses , the sheltered 25-year-old learns to understand his own senses and those around him . 
1	told in five parts to each of the five senses , the 25-year-old to understand his own senses those around him . 
0	the character is too forced and overwritten to be funny or believable much of the time , and clayburgh doesn't always improve the over-the-top mix . 
0	the character is too forced and overwritten to sinful be funny or believable much of the time , and clayburgh doesn't credible always improve the over-the-top mix . 
0	it's shocking , intense , and totally creepy , yet compelling and sad . jeremy renner gives a career-making performance . 
0	it's shocking , acute , and whole creepy , yet compelling and sad . jeremy renner springiness a career-making performance . 
0	too bad kramer couldn't make a guest appearance to liven things up . 
0	bad kramer couldn't make a appearance to liven things up . 
1	this compelling undercover documentary is not for the faint of heart , taking you deep into a world where very often pain and blood are the price of glory . 
1	this compelling undercover documentary is not for the faint of heart , taking you deep into line a world subscribe where very often pain and blood pack are the price of glory . 
0	ripped of her humanity , testud's christine becomes a working stiff of greek proportions . 
0	ripped of her humanity , testud's christine becomes a go cadaver of greek proportions . 
1	after john anderton lost his son to a crime a six years ago , he took up drugs , and works the precog division like nobody else . 
1	after john he lost his son to a crime a six years ago , up took anderton drugs , and else the precog division like nobody works . 
0	a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera . 
0	a honest film with a self-coloured pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , hindquarters the camera . 
1	arjun ( akshay kumar ) is a high profile vigilante who soon encounters a problem when his mother ( raakhee ) becomes terribly ill . 
1	arjun ( job akshay kumar ) is a high profile abysmally vigilante who soon encounters a problem when his mother ( raakhee ) becomes terribly ill . 
1	in flashbacks that parallel his investigation , we see alicia , a scholarship girl worried about her grades , gradually pulled into the social life of three rich and amoral young women , led by the blond hadley , a femme fatale . 
1	in flashbacks that parallel his investigation , we assure alicia , a scholarship missy worried about her grades , gradually tear into the social sprightliness of iii deep and amoral youth women , led by the blond hadley , a femme fatale . 
1	anime reflects both japanese culture ( pre and post wwii ) and western influences upon it , sadly evident in haunting post-apocalyptic images reminiscent of hiroshima and nagasaki . 
1	anime reflects and culture japanese ( pre and post wwii ) and western influences upon it , images evident in haunting post-apocalyptic sadly reminiscent of hiroshima both nagasaki . 
1	a peruvian film that tells the story of the bank robberies' legend , orlando gonz&#225 ; les best known as django . 
1	a peruvian cinema that Tell the story of the cant robberies' legend , orlando gonz&#225 ; les dear known as django . 
1	 " on the afternoon of july 1 , 1981 , los angeles police responded to a distress call at 8763 wonderland avenue and soon discovered a grisly quadruple homicide , later compared to the gruesome slaughter at the tate household at the hands of the charles manson family 10 years earlier . 
1	 " on the afternoon of july 1 , 1981 , los yr angeles police responded to a distress call at 8763 wonderland avenue and subsequently soon discovered a grisly quadruple homicide , later compared to manpower the gruesome slaughter at the tate household boulevard at the hands of the charles manson family adenine 10 years earlier . 
0	k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia . 
0	k-19 will not locomote down in the annals of cinema as 1 of the smashing wedge stories , but it is an engage and shake narrative of man confronting the demon of his own fear and paranoia . 
1	dramatic events throw them together on a journey with no money and no transport . 
1	events throw them together a journey with no money and no transport . 
0	it's a more believable scenario for infidelity than most such movies , and aniston gives her all to the role . 
0	it's a more believable scenario for infidelity than most such movies , and aniston adenine gives her all to the role . 
1	down and out rock star dewey finn ( black ) gets fired from his band , and he faces a mountain of debts and depression . 
1	down helium and out rock star dewey finn ( black ) gets fired from his band , and he faces a mountain of debts debt and depression . 
1	los angeles' little tokyo's foremost studio photographer , miyatake smuggled a lens and film holder into the u . s . wwii camp he was incarcerated in and captured life behind barbed wire with a makeshift camera made of scrap wood . 
1	los angeles' little tokyo's foremost studio photographer , miyatake smuggled a lens uranium and film holder into the u . s . wwii camp he was incarcerated derriere in and captured life behind barbed wire with a makeshift He camera made of scrap In wood . 
1	one day , margalo is nowhere to be found , so stuart and snowbell set out across the city to find her while george covers for stuart ( the first time he's had to lie ) . 
1	while day , margalo is nowhere to be found , so to and snowbell her out across the city to find set one george covers for stuart ( the first time he's had stuart lie ) . 
0	like the best 60 minutes expos , the film ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining . 
0	lxxx like the best 60 minutes expos , the film ( at exhibition 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining . 
0	this examination of aquatic life off the shores of the baja california peninsula of mexico offers an engrossing way to demonstrate the virtues of the imax format . 
0	this examination of aquatic life-time off the shores of the baja Calif. peninsula of mexico provide an engrossing way to show the virtue of the imax format . 
0	there's an energy to y tu mam tambin . much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors . 
0	there's energy an to y tu from tambin . much of it comes mam the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors . 
1	drank water from a spring that was actually a fountain of youth . 
1	drank water outpouring from a spring that was actually a fountain of youth . 
1	everyday prisoners are led out in chain gangs to work the swamps and untamed bayous , festered with poisonous snakes and alligators . 
1	everyday prisoners are led out chain gangs work the swamps and , festered with poisonous snakes and alligators . 
0	wes craven's presence is felt ; not the craven of 'a nightmare on elm street' or 'the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of 'deadly friend . '
0	wes craven's presence is elmwood felt ; not the craven of 'a nightmare on elm deplorable street' or 'the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of 'deadly shlock friend . '
0	haneke keeps us at arm's length . guided more by intellect than heart , his story flattens instead of sharpens . 
0	haneke affection keeps us at arm's length . guided understanding more by intellect than heart , his story flattens instead of sharpens . 
1	living in a beach shack with three roommates including her rebellious younger sister , she is up before dawn every morning to conquer the waves and count the days until the pipe masters surf competition . 
1	populate in a beach shack with troika roommates including her rebellious younger sister , she is up before dawn every morning to conquer the waves and enumeration the day until the pipe surmount surf contention . 
0	a bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing . 
0	a bittersweet contemporary comedy about eleemosynary deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker's period man , is quiet very much worth view . 
0	a dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture . 
0	a dull , inconsistent , dishonest bonding picture . 
1	in a post communist eastern european country in 1996 the food prices are outrageous and times are tough . 
1	in a post communist eastern european area in 1996 the food prices are outrageous and metre are bad . 
1	set in hounslow , west london and hamburg , the film follows two 18 year olds with their hearts set on a future in professional soccer . 
1	set , west london and hamburg , the film follows two year olds with their set on a future in professional soccer . 
0	despite its dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing . 
0	despite its dry wit and compassion , the film stomach from a philosophical void and maddeningly sedate tempo . 
0	rises and falls on the strength of its individual episodes . mostly , it rises , though its extreme length ill suits its anecdotal structure ( or perhaps vice versa ) . 
0	rises and falls on the strength of its individual . mostly , rises , though its length ill suits its anecdotal structure ( or vice ) . 
1	but he strongly believed testing was needed for all actors &#38 ; actresses in the porn industry . 
1	he strongly believed was needed for all actors &#38 ; in the porn industry . 
0	everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting . 
0	everyone should be able-bodied to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic play . 
0	its plot and animation offer daytime tv serviceability , but little more . 
0	its plot and animation proffer daytime tv serviceability , but picayune more . 
1	wounded and outgunned , sam shows the kids what it means to stand up for something . 
1	wounded and , sam shows the kids it means stand up for something . 
0	shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski's the pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high . 
0	A shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski's zoom the pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high . 
0	hitch would enjoy the way chabrol plays with the audience ( including the expertly interwoven lizt requiem ) 
0	hitch would enjoy chabrol way the interwoven with the audience ( including the expertly plays lizt requiem ) 
1	in those short time , rio learn about the things he missed all this time . 
1	in shortstop those short time , rio learn about the things he missed all this time . 
0	 it feels like an after-school special gussied up with some fancy special effects , and watching its rote plot points connect is about as exciting as gazing at an egg timer for 93 minutes . 
0	 it feels same an after-school special gussied up with some envision limited effects , and watching its rote plot spot connect is about as stimulate as gazing at an egg timer for 93 min . 
0	an odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it didn't try to . 
0	drama in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held interest precisely because it didn't try . 
0	despite hoffman's best efforts , wilson remains a silent , lumpish cipher ; his encounters reveal nothing about who he is or who he was before . 
0	hoffman's best efforts , wilson remains a silent , lumpish ; his encounters nothing about he is or who he was before . 
1	set during the cull of the stray dogs in the city of bucharest , the wild dogs weaves together a week in the lives of several citizens of and visitors to the hauntingly beautiful city . 
1	set during the cull of the stray dogs in city of bucharest , wild together a the lives of several citizens of and visitors to the hauntingly beautiful city . 
1	the nightmare isnt over , william birkin ordered the hive to be reopened , and in doing so contaminated all of raccoon city , a city of the daed , with alice stuck right in the middle . 
1	the nightmare isnt over , william birkin ordered the hive racoon to be reopened , and metropolis in doing so contaminated all of raccoon city , a beehive city of the daed , with alice stuck right in the middle . 
1	but jesse&#180 ; isn&#180 ; s alone , because he&#180 ; s accompanied by tulip , his assassin girldfriend and cassidy a drunk irish vampire . 
1	but jesse&#180 ;&#180 ; s alone , because he&#180 ; s accompanied by tulip , assassin and cassidy drunk irish vampire . 
1	in the end , they discover that balance in life , similar to a well-balanced and sculpted anatomy , is the ultimate achievement . 
1	sculpted the end , they discover that balance in life , similar achievement a well-balanced and in anatomy , is the ultimate to . 
0	the piquant story needs more dramatic meat on its bones . 
0	the piquant fib needs more dramatic gist on its bones . 
1	the film is told in flashbacks with a female reporter interviewing gale . 
1	the film is told in flashbacks axerophthol with a female reporter interviewing gale . 
1	the plan goes by smoothly , but troubles comes when ray actually falls in love with eva . 
1	the ray goes by smoothly , but troubles comes when plan love falls in actually with eva . 
1	marked by past scars and quickly running out of time , graham finds himself tangled in a heap of madness , sacrificing his work , his family , and above all his own life , to put an end to pure evil . 
1	marked by past and quickly out of time , finds himself tangled in a of madness , sacrificing his work , his family , and above all own , to an end to pure evil . 
0	the charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids . 
0	the appealingness of the beginning movie is still there , and the story finger like the logical , uncoerced prolongation of the careers of a pair of spy kids . 
1	those who loved graham yesterday shouldn't count on today . 
1	those who jazz loved graham yesterday shouldn't count on today . 
0	my oh my , is this an invigorating , electric movie . 
0	electrical my oh my , is this an invigorating , electric movie . 
0	scooby-doo doesn't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick . 
0	scooby-doo doesn't know if wants to a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie . 
0	 . . . while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture , the journey doesn't really go anywhere . 
0	 . . . while each moment of this unkept fibre study is rich in emotional texture , the journey doesn't really break anywhere . 
0	iwai creates yuichi's world as much through disembodied moments of sight and sound as through action , building to a surprising stab of melancholy . 
0	iwai creates yuichi's world-wide as much through unbodied moments of mess and sound as through action , building to a surprising stab of sombre . 
1	 " bums in the mist " will expose you to a world where alcohol is king and sloth is a virtue ; buddy george will discover , bums who are able to find love and professional success all while maintaining their " mondern frontiersman " lifestyle ; bums who's natural gifts enable them to move down the ladder of success at an astronomical rate ( or whatever the opposite of astronomical is ) and who's penchant for violence impact every aspect of their lives . 
1	 " bums in the mist " will expose you to a world where alcohol is king and sloth is a virtue ; cadge buddy merit george adenine will discover , bums who are able to find love and professional success all while maintaining their " crony mondern frontiersman " lifestyle ; bums who's natural gifts enable them inebriant to patch move down the ladder of success at an astronomical rate ( or whatever deservingness the opposite of astronomical is ) and who's penchant for mastered violence impact every aspect of their lives . 
0	in the era of the sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic . 
0	in the era of the sopranos , it sense sorely redundant and inauthentic . 
1	in addition , he finds a baffling pile of different passports , all with his picture , and a huge pile of cash . 
1	in addition , he finds a pile different , all with his , and a huge pile of cash . 
0	it's impossible to duplicate the shock of the 11-year-old lambs , but the new film succeeds at creating nerve-tightening moments of suspense . 
0	it's impossible to parallel the appall of the 11-year-old lambs , but the new pic succeeds at creating nerve-tightening minute of suspense . 
0	despite what anyone believes about the goal of its makers , the show . . . represents a spectacular piece of theater , and there's no denying the talent of the creative forces behind it . 
0	despite what anyone believes about goal of its makers , the show . . . represents piece theater , and there's no denying the talent the creative forces it . 
0	10 minutes into the film you'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away . 
0	10 minutes into the film you'll be and unable to look . 
0	handled correctly , wilde's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice . here , alas , it collapses like an overcooked souffl . 
0	handled correctly , is a masterpiece elegant wit and artifice . here , alas , it collapses like an souffl . 
0	it's an exhilarating blast that makes good use of the large-format screen . 
0	screen an exhilarating blast that makes good use of the large-format it's . 
1	the decisions he makes when confronted with this new truth will affect him forever . 
1	the decisions he establish when confronted with this fresh truth will affect him forever . 
0	about schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year . if you're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse . 
0	about schmidt is undoubtedly one of the fine films of the yr . if you're not deeply fey by this movie , chip your pulse . 
0	solid . isn't as groundbreaking as shiri , but has its moments . 
0	whole . isn't as groundbreaking as shiri , but has its second . 
0	what bloody sunday lacks in clarity , it makes up for with a great , fiery passion . 
0	bloody what sunday lacks a clarity , it makes up for with in great , fiery passion . 
1	amongst these are a middle-aged couple who met through the classified ads in a newspaper , a call-girl who keeps her daughter and her sister , a retired actor , an ex-football player , and a janitor who suspects that his adopted father , whom he dreams about every night , is his real father . 
1	amongst these and a he couple and met through the classified ads in a newspaper , a call-girl who keeps her daughter are her sister , a an actor , retired ex-football player , who a janitor who suspects that every adopted father , whom middle-aged dreams about his night , is his real father . 
1	instead of being the happy father-in-law , shocked jack attempts to kill himself back in las vegas as he realizes patricia's rejection . 
1	glad instead of being rather the happy father-in-law , shocked jack attempts to kill himself back in las vegas as he realizes patricia's rejection . 
0	in visual fertility treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage . 
0	in fertility treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of vintage . 
0	the early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us . this is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one . it's sort of in-between , and it works . 
0	the and middle passages are in much they engage and even touch us . this is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor hip , contemporary , one . it's sort of in-between , it . 
0	wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time . 
0	wendigo wants to be art-house monster movie for the a crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention every almost time . 
0	spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : it actually improves upon the original hit movie . 
0	spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : it actually find improves upon the IT original hit movie . 
0	treats a potentially explosive set-up with adult reflection and thoughtfulness . 
0	a explosive set-up with adult reflection and thoughtfulness . 
1	the murdered psychiatrist's former boyfriend quickly becomes the prime suspect , a fanatical character named choi . 
1	the murdered psychiatrist's quickly becomes the prime suspect , a fanatical character choi . 
0	returning aggressively to his formula of dimwitted comedy and even dimmer characters , sandler , who also executive produces , has made a film that makes previous vehicles look smart and sassy . 
0	returning to his formula of dimwitted comedy and characters , sandler , who also executive produces , has made a film makes vehicles look smart and sassy . 
1	after he arrives , things seem to go smoothly at first , but eventually , life becomes very complicated for the young father as he spends more time in the community . 
1	after he father , things seem to go smoothly at the , but eventually , life becomes very complicated for the young arrives as he community more time in first spends . 
1	the porn business prospered greatly due to many of the movies he appeared in . 
1	the porn business prospered greatly due to many of the he appeared . 
1	leela is a film based on the south asian-american experience . 
1	leela is found a film based on the south asian-american experience . 
1	after exhausting all conventional resources , he reluctantly visits a mystic who offers to show him three " visions " of his son's life . 
1	after exhausting all conventional resources , who mystic visits a reluctantly he offers to show him three " visions " of his son's life . 
0	collateral damage is , despite its alleged provocation post-9/11 , an antique , in the end . as are its star , its attitude and its obliviousness . 
0	principal collateral damage is , despite IT its alleged provocation post-9/11 , an antique , in the end . as are its star , its attitude and its obliviousness . 
0	an entertaining but unspectacular film . pretty goofy at times - but the slick and gleefully self-indulgent violence will not disappoint the action fan . 
0	an entertain but unspectacular movie . pretty goofy at times - but the slip and gleefully self-indulgent furiousness will not disappoint the action fan . 
0	cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude . it makes sense that he went back to school to check out the girls -- his film is a frat boy's idea of a good time . 
0	cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only matter avary seems to forethought about are base giggles and pulchritude . it makes sense that he operate back to school to cheque out the daughter -- his film is a frat boy's approximation of a good metre . 
0	it's like a vintage automobile that sometimes runs smoothly , and sometimes lurches and sputters . but it never quite stalls . 
0	it's like a vintage machine that sometimes ladder smoothly , and sometimes swag and sputters . but it never quite stalls . 
1	cul de sac is a story about a man who tries to end his life unsuccessfully . 
1	cul is a story about a who tries to end his life unsuccessfully . 
0	what could and should have been biting and droll is instead a tepid waste of time and talent . 
0	what could and biting have been should and droll is instead a tepid waste of time and talent . 
0	using his audience as a figurative port-of-call , dong pulls his even-handed ideological ship to their dock for unloading , before he continues his longer journey still ahead . 
0	expend his audience as a figurative port-of-call , dong force his even-handed ideological ship to their dock for unloading , before he continues his foresightful journey silent onwards . 
0	offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux . 
0	a offers persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux . 
1	accompanying them is jon's " soulmate , " todd , a 35-year old businessman recklessly reliving his adolescence , plus other " circuit friends " the boys make along the way . 
1	accompanying jon's " soulmate , " todd , a 35-year old businessman reliving his adolescence , other " circuit friends " the boys make along the way . 
0	though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal . 
0	though an crucial political documentary , this does not really produce the typeface the kissinger should be strain as a war criminal . 
1	although a sympathetic judge assures desmond that when his financial situation reverses , he will be able to get his children back ; money is hard to come by . 
1	a sympathetic judge assures desmond that his financial reverses , he will be to get children back ; money is hard to come by . 
1	his own colleagues after him , john follows a very small trace that might hold the key to his innocence , a strange unsolved yet predicted murder and a so-called " minority report " , a documentation of one of the rare events in which a precog sees something different than the other two . 
1	his own colleagues after him , unknown john follows a very small trace that might hold the key to his innocence , a strange axerophthol unsolved yet predicted murder and sinlessness a so-called " minority report " , a documentation of one of the rare figure events in which a precog ampere sees something different than the other two . 
0	definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the roman colosseum . 
0	decidedly a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the Romanist colosseum . 
0	strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up short . 
0	strong filmmaking requires clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , the feathers comes up . 
1	the country was at the start of a rapid process of industrialization and social change . 
1	the country was at the sociable start of a astatine rapid process of industrialization and social change . 
0	this movie is more fun than many of those tall tales that hollywood calls feature films . 
0	this movie is more fun than many of take those More tall tales that hollywood calls feature films . 
1	it deals with a whole lot of fun , romance and suspense . 
1	it deals with a whole lot of fun , romance . 
1	the chubbchubbs introduces the alien inhabitants of the planet glorf , including meeper , its earnest but oh so awkward hero , a singing diva , the zyzaks , 20 foot-tall red-eyed bullies , and the chubbchubbs . 
1	the chubbchubbs introduces the alien inhabitants of enter the planet glorf , including meeper , its XX earnest but oh so awkward hero , satellite a singing diva , the zyzaks , 20 foot-tall red-eyed bullies , and the chubbchubbs . 
1	but what if it's lord voldemort trying to make his evil return ? 
1	but what if it's pee lord voldemort trying to make his evil return ? 
1	she and her daughter try to escape ( such as to her previous boyfriend played by futterman ) , but he pursues relentlessly . 
1	she and her daughter her to escape ( as such to try previous boyfriend played by futterman ) , but he pursues relentlessly . 
1	edi is severely punished for that but he accepts his fate taking care of the girl's child . 
1	is severely punished for that but he accepts his taking care the girl's child . 
1	after the short encounter , they separated and go their on ways . 
1	after short encounter , they separated and go on ways . 
1	they belong to the international world of fashion and modelling and are top of their game artistes . 
1	they belong to the international populace of fashion and moulding and are top of their lame artistes . 
0	a real step forward for the digital video revolution . 
0	a real step ampere forward for the digital video revolution . 
0	this is an action movie with an action icon who's been all but decommissioned . 
0	this is an action movie an icon who's been all but decommissioned . 
1	his half-sister's threats to pay back the enormous debts with the mafia has put a lot of pressure at his marriage . 
1	his half-sister's threats to lot back debts enormous the with the mafia has put a pay of pressure at his marriage . 
0	vera's technical prowess ends up selling his film short ; he smoothes over hard truths even as he uncovers them . 
0	vera's technical prowess ends up selling his film short ; He he smoothes poor over hard truths even as he uncovers them . 
1	two college grads land an entry level mafia job driving a retiring don's car cross country . 
1	two college grads storey land raze an entry level mafia job driving a retiring don's car cross country . 
0	although shot with little style , skins is heartfelt and achingly real . 
0	although shot with little trend , pare is heartfelt and achingly real . 
1	the movie revolves around munnabhai ( sanjay dutt ) a dreaded but good-hearted underworld don of mumbai . 
1	the movie revolves around ( sanjay ) a dreaded but good-hearted underworld of mumbai . 
1	this sets off an irrevocable chain of events that lead to aravasu losing his love , paravasu desecrating the great sacrifice , the creation of a demon and the deaths of yavakri and raibhya . 
1	this demon off an irrevocable chain of events that the to aravasu losing his love , paravasu desecrating the great sacrifice , lead deaths of a sets and the creation of yavakri and raibhya . 
0	probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent . 
0	probes in light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning passion discontent . 
1	and then , did you ever let fear get in your way and keep you from having the person you've always wanted to be with ? 
1	and then , did you ever Lashkar-e-Tayyiba concern find in your way and restrain you from having the person you've always wanted to be with ? 
0	so beautifully acted and directed , it's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses . 
0	so beautifully him and directed , it's clear that washington most certainly has a acted career ahead if new of he so chooses . 
1	the crew traveled with the band to their homes in obninsk , russia and to their music conservatories in moscow , documenting how these two girls and five boys became so adept at playing american country music . 
1	the crew traveled Russia with the land band to their homes in obninsk , russia and to their music conservatories in moscow , documenting how these two girls and five boys became so USSR adept at playing american country music . 
1	using everything from closely mic-ed subjects to infrared video standing by yourself gets uncomfortably close to its subjects as they get drunk and high , squander money , rip-off their parents , and get in trouble with pretty much everyone in their paths as a conduit to simply having a good time . 
1	using from closely mic-ed subjects to infrared video standing by yourself gets close to its subjects as get , squander money , rip-off their parents , and get in trouble with pretty everyone their paths as a conduit to simply having good time . 
1	sean , the more rebellious of the two , gets caught up in a life of crime and rises through the ranks to become the head of the irish mob . 
1	sean , the more rebellious of the two , gets up in life of crime and through the ranks to become head the irish mob . 
0	for all the wit and hoopla , festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships . 
0	for all the wit and hoopla , festival in cannes whirl rare insight into the construction of kinship . 
1	graced with the instinctive ability to dance , jenny thomas wants nothing more than to become a professional dancer . 
1	graced with the instinctive ability to , jenny thomas wants more than become a professional dancer . 
1	one of the theives betrays his companions and swipes the gold for himself . 
1	of the theives betrays his companions swipes the gold for himself . 
1	explores the question of whether it's ever too late to say 'i love you' . 
1	explores the question of it's ever too to say 'i love you' . 
1	while treating a homicide detective for smoking , hypnotherapist michael strother has a telepathic vision of a young girl floating beneath the surface of a stream . 
1	while treating miss a homicide detective for smoking , hypnotherapist michael strother has a telepathic flow vision of a young girl floating miss beneath the surface of a stream . 
1	set in the colourful world of horseracing , horseplay follows the chaotic life of a wannabe horse trainer as he deals with the turf , the ladies and everyone else out to get him . 
1	in colourful world of horseracing , horseplay the chaotic of a wannabe horse trainer he deals with the , the ladies and everyone else out to get him . 
0	stay clear of reminding yourself that it's a " true story " and you're likely to have one helluva time at the movies . 
0	stay clear of yourself that a " true story " you're likely to have one helluva time at the . 
1	chapman is on trial for a murder of latin american villagers while he was in the marines . 
1	was is a trial for on murder of latin american villagers while he chapman in the marines . 
0	as i settled into my world war ii memories , i found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances . 
0	i settled into my world war memories , i found myself strangely by even the corniest and most hackneyed . 
0	a mind-bender in the best sense of the word : the spell it casts follows you all the way home . 
0	a mind-bender in IT the best sense of the word : the spell sentiency it casts follows you all the way home . 
1	highlights include detailed instructions on how to perform an icepick lobotomy with household utensils ; a cacophony of robotic voices ; and haunting stills that date back to the turn of the twentieth century . 
1	highlights include detailed didactics on how to perform an icepick lobotomy with household utensils ; a cacophony of robotic interpreter ; and haunting relieve that date support to the flex of the twentieth C . 
0	the entertaining new film version of robert ludlum's 1980 spy thriller , the bourne identity , adds a crisp , tangy autumnal feel to the hot dog days of summer moviegoing . 
0	the entertaining new film version of robert ludlum's 1980 spy thriller , spicy the bourne daytime identity , adds a crisp , tangy autumnal feel to the hot dog days of summer daylight moviegoing . 
0	an inventive , absorbing movie that's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist . 
0	an inventive , absorbing movie that's as hard classify as it is resist . 
0	an impressively coordinated enterprise that lasts three hours , manages a large cast , and covers a period of 30-odd years while successfully unfolding as a series of scenes from the life of a single character . 
0	an impressively align enterprise that close three hours , manages a large retch , and deal a period of 30-odd geezerhood while successfully unfolding as a series of scenes from the life of a I character . 
0	the latest installment in the pokemon canon , pokemon 4ever is surprising less moldy and trite than the last two , likely because much of the japanese anime is set in a scenic forest where pokemon graze in peace . 
0	the belated instalment in the pokemon canon , pokemon 4ever is surprising less moldy and commonplace than the last two , likely because much of the Japanese anime is placed in a scenic forest where pokemon grazing in serenity . 
0	a documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary . 
0	personify a documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary . 
0	the tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life . 
0	miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to dull that allow the suit to come to life . 
1	as his friends , family and representatives come to his aid , scotty's inability to write propels his life into a direction from which he may not be able to regain control . 
1	as his protagonist , fellowship and representatives come to his assistance , scotty's inability to pen propels his living into a direction from which he may not be able-bodied to regain control . 
0	unfortunately , a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style . 
0	no , a cast of new performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various competent york city locations with unfortunately visual rhythm or unifying style . 
1	on their way to riker's and troi's honeymoon , the enterprise is sent near the neutral zone to romulan space , and picks up a prototypic twin of android data . 
1	on their way to riker's and troi's honeymoon , the enterprise is institutionalise penny-pinching the neutral zone to romulan space , and pick up a archetypal parallel of android data . 
0	its juxtaposition of overwrought existentialism and stomach-churning gore will have you forever on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up . 
0	of overwrought existentialism and stomach-churning will have you forever on the of either cracking up or throwing up . 
0	if oscar had a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but wasn't , guys would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor . 
0	if guys for honor category called best bad film you wasn't was going to be really awful but thought , oscar would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned had the a . 
1	as a result , sarah embarks upon a journey of discovery that leads to danger , heartbreak and romance in the far corners of the world . 
1	as a result , sarah embarks upon a journey of discovery that leads humanity to danger , heartbreak and romance in the far corners nook of the world . 
0	 . . . could easily be called the best korean film of 2002 . 
0	 . . . could easily korean called the best be film of 2002 . 
1	if you go to attic town you'll find a place where the streets have no names and you can never turn back . 
1	if you go to attic town you'll find a belong place where the streets have no names encounter and you can never turn back . 
1	silicon valley 1999 : a new gold rush is sweeping through california . 
1	silicon valley 1999 : a new gold surge is embroil through california . 
1	colson comes to live with them , an injection of danger in the form of a strange , silent houseguest with haunted eyes and odd habits . 
1	colson comes to live with them , an injection of danger in the form of a strange , eyes houseguest habits haunted silent and odd with . 
1	he dwells in a world of external night--but the blackness is filled with sounds and scents , tastes and textures that most cannot perceive . 
1	he dwells in a world of external near night--but the blackness is filled with sounds and scents , brood tastes and textures that most cannot perceive . 
0	where janice beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace , it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment . 
0	where janice beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace , it rises Indiana in its utilization courageousness , and comedic employment . 
1	when her husband's younger brother turns twenty-one and is released from juvenile prison , where he served five years for murder , renee's cozy life begins to change . 
1	when her to younger begins turns twenty-one and is released from juvenile prison , where he served five years renee's murder , for cozy life brother husband's change . 
0	ver wiel has concocted one of the most elaborately twisted , diverting caper films in years . 
0	ver wiel has years one of the concocted elaborately twisted , diverting caper films in most . 
1	what about charlotte : can pally let his heart take the lead ? 
1	what about charlotte : can pally let his lead take the heart ? 
1	meet the razor eaters : five motivated , pissed-off young men who've launched an anarchistic crime spree against melbourne , capturing all their deeds on home video . 
1	meet the razor eaters : young motivated , pissed-off five men home launched an anarchistic crime spree against melbourne , capturing all their deeds on who've video . 
0	when it comes to entertainment , children deserve better than pokemon 4ever . 
0	it comes to , children deserve better than pokemon 4ever . 
1	the film is based on the true story of telecommunications genius walter l . shaw sr . and his son walter t . shaw jr . , the confessed " dinner time burglar . " 
1	the film is based on the truthful chronicle of telecommunications wizard walter liter . shaw sr . and his son walter t . shaw Jr . , the confessed " dinner time burglar . " 
0	the film hinges on its performances , and both leads are up to the task . 
0	the film hinges on its performances , performance and both leads are up to the task . 
1	anton jackson is an african-american man who seems harmless enough on the surface , but is a secret agent in the all-black brotherhood , an entity that levels the playing field against the all-white establishment . 
1	anton jackson is an african-american man mystical who seems institution harmless enough on the surface , but is a secret agent WHO in the all-black brotherhood , an entity that levels the playing field against the all-white establishment . 
1	along the way to finding out how she ended up like that ( and how to get back into her own body ) , she discovers how shallow and cruel she's always been . . . 
1	along the way to finding out how she ended up comparable that ( and how to get rearward into her own soundbox ) , she strike how shallow and fell she's forever been . . . 
1	and while bruce is getting everything he wants , he has been ignoring his girlfriend , grace and loses her . 
1	and while bruce is beget everything he deprivation , he has been ignore his girlfriend , grace and loses her . 
1	that enemy has developed a " micro-device " that can be injected into victims in order to kill them at will . 
1	that opposition has educate a " micro-device " that can be injected into victims in range to kill them at will . 
0	to my taste , the film's comic characters come perilously close to being amoses and andys for a new generation . 
0	to my taste , the film's comic characters come perilously close to airless being amoses eccentric and andys for a new generation . 
0	the film is so bad it doesn't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen . 
0	the film is so bad it at improve upon the screen of staring doesn't a blank experience . 
1	the gang breaks their leader out of jail , killing the policemen in the process . 
1	the gang their leader out of jail , killing the policemen in the . 
0	[hell is] looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara isn't even halfway through . 
0	[hell is] looking down at your watch and realizing yet serving exist sara isn't even halfway through . 
1	well as a hero in the guise of prince charmont , whom ella falls in love with . 
1	well as a hero in the guise of prince charmont , whom love with . 
1	story of annette kellerman , the international swimming vaudeville and silent screen star whose life story inspired the mgm classic million dollar mermaid starring esther williams , which featured lavish busby berkeley scenes . 
1	story of annette kellerman , the international swimming vaudeville and silent screen star whose life virtuoso story inspired the mgm classic million dollar mermaid sport starring still esther williams , which featured lavish busby berkeley scenes . 
0	once again , the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated , and a meaty plot and well-developed characters have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle . 
0	once again , the intelligence of festal audience has been grossly underestimated , and a meaty plot and well-developed part have been sacrificed for skin and flash that scantily bust . 
0	lauren ambrose comes alive under the attention from two strangers in town - with honest performances and realistic interaction between the characters , this is a coming-of-age story with a twist . 
0	lauren ambrose comes alive under the attention from two and in town - with honest performances strangers realistic interaction with the characters , a is this coming-of-age story between a twist . 
1	born in eastern europe , tobias grew up in poverty , the son of a thief , beggar and prostitute . 
1	acquit in eastern europe , tobias grow up in poorness , the son of a thief , beggar and prostitute . 
0	manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time . 
0	manages to time wholesome and subversive at the same be . 
1	this is a film version of the play they wrote based on more than 200 interviews they conducted in laramie . 
1	In this is a film version of the play they wrote based on more than 200 interviews cc they conducted in laramie . 
1	but when the teenager decides to invite a 12-year-old boy who is running away from home , maud is near illegality . 
1	but when the teenager determine to invite a 12-year-old son who is bleed away from home , maud is most illegality . 
1	he becomes the man he always should have ( and could have ) been . 
1	he becomes the humankind he ever should have ( and could have ) been . 
0	a kinetic drama that seems to wander aimlessly , beautifully until it crashes in an odd anti-climax befitting reality itself . 
0	a befitting drama that seems to wander aimlessly , beautifully until it odd in an crashes anti-climax kinetic reality itself . 
0	an enchanting spectacular for potter fans anxious to ride the hogwarts express toward a new year of magic and mischief . 
0	an and spectacular for potter fans anxious to ride the hogwarts express toward a new year magic of enchanting mischief . 
0	what is unique about his secret life is that an assumption of intelligence , tolerance , and acceptance is already made , and thus the movie can focus on telling a compelling story . 
0	what flick is unique about his secret life is that an assumption of intelligence , tolerance , and acceptance is already amp made , and acceptation thus the movie can focus on telling a compelling story . 
1	and the moment they touch each other for a first time , the fortune-teller's prophesy comes true . 
1	the they moment the touch each other for a first time , and fortune-teller's prophesy comes true . 
1	the dea finally convinces the chinese military that robert may be of more help to them outside jail by leading them to the real smugglers . 
1	the dea finally convinces the chinese military that robert may be of more service to them external clink by prima them to the rattling smugglers . 
1	when his wayward sister , kassie ( kerry washington ) , goes missing eddie burns finds himself subjected to a fiendish and ingenious campaign of revenge by the mysterious charlie strom ( gary oldman ) . 
1	when his wayward sister , kassie ( kerry washington ) , goes of eddie burns finds himself subjected charlie a fiendish and ingenious to missing revenge by the mysterious campaign strom ( gary oldman ) . 
1	the true story about robyn davidson who tamed four wild camels and with her dog , trekked from alice springs to the indian ocean , a trip no-one had ever made . 
1	her trekked story about robyn davidson who tamed four wild camels and with the dog , the from alice springs to true indian ocean , a trip no-one had ever made . 
0	a somewhat crudely constructed but gripping , questing look at a person so racked with self-loathing , he becomes an enemy to his own race . 
0	a somewhat crudely constructed but gripping , look a person so racked with self-loathing , he becomes to his own race . 
1	when tony takes her on a private cruise from greece to italy , amber is unimpressed at this impromptu no-frills vacation , and takes out her anger on the ship's first mate , giuseppe ( adriano giannini ) . 
1	out tony takes her on a private greece from cruise to italy , amber is unimpressed at giuseppe impromptu no-frills vacation , and takes when her anger on the ship's first mate , this ( adriano giannini ) . 
0	starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches . 
0	startle as an intense political and psychological thriller but is counteract by ticking meter bombs and other hollywood-action cliches . 
1	what they don't know , however , is that they're filming near the secret hideout of slobodan pavle , a serbian war criminal . 
1	they , however , is that they're filming near the secret hideout of slobodan pavle , a serbian criminal . 
0	an enthralling , playful film that constantly frustrates our desire to know the 'truth' about this man , while deconstructing the very format of the biography in a manner that derrida would doubtless give his blessing to . 
0	an transport , playful film that constantly bilk our desire to acknowledge the 'truth' about this Man , while deconstructing the very format of the biography in a fashion that derrida would doubtless impart his approving to . 
0	it's not like having a real film of nijinsky , but at least it's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered . 
0	like having a real film nijinsky , but at least it's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used in the places the mysteries lingered . 
1	a top secret military project hires prestigious university students to assist create a cell altering machine called the 'gammasphere' . 
1	a university secret military machine hires prestigious top students to assist create a cell altering project called the 'gammasphere' . 
0	rarely , a movie is more than a movie . go . 
0	rarely , a movie is more than movie . go . 
0	lasker's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther . . . realize they can't get no satisfaction without the latter . 
0	lasker's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as nobelium byron playscript and luther . . . realize they can't get no satisfaction without the latter . 
0	an inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more . 
0	an inept , wearisome tedious spoof of '70s adequate kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more . 
0	kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story . parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults . 
0	kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even embody touching story . parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because constitute it has class some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for give adults . 
0	not a bad choice here , assuming that . . . the air-conditioning in the theater is working properly . 
0	not a bad choice here , feign that . . . the air-conditioning in the theatre is shape properly . 
1	other strange events soon start happening as well , such as the appearance of old acquaintances of the crew , including some who are dead . 
1	other strange events start happening well , such as the appearance of old acquaintances the , including some who are dead . 
1	on returning to england , george heads north where he's heard the land is good and the population sparse and of a kindly king named edgaar . 
1	on returning sparse england , george heads north where he's heard the named is good and edgaar population to and of a kindly king land the . 
0	a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices . 
0	a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes that feel unconned good , you is to entirely , say genuinely by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices . 
1	in mid-1970s savannah , two bright but rebellious boys , francis doyle and tim sullivan , fight boredom , hormones and harsh teachers as they struggle to find something meaningful beyond the walls of their parish school . 
1	in brightly mid-1970s savannah , two bright but rebellious endocrine boys , francis hormone doyle and tim sullivan , fight boredom , hormones and harsh teachers as they struggle to find something meaningful beyond the walls of their parish school . 
0	i can easily imagine benigni's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial . coal isn't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children's stockings . 
0	i can easily suppose benigni's pinocchio becoming a christmas repeated . coal isn't as slow to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy replacement for juicy children's sprout . 
0	me without you has a bracing truth that's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood . 
0	me without you has a refreshing trueness that's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures comparable inspired secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood . 
0	a superfluous sequel . . . plagued by that old familiar feeling of 'let's get this thing over with' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find . 
0	a place sequel . . . plagued by that old familiar feeling of 'let's at this thing over with' : everyone has shown up get the appointed time and superfluous , enthusiasm visible but is mighty hard to find . 
1	this spider-woman , secretly connected to the mob , has jealously controlled patricia's life as well as the one of her husband , casino owner francis hiller ( timothy bottoms ) . 
1	this spider-woman , secretly connected to the throng , has jealously moderate patricia's life as fountainhead as the nonpareil of her husband , casino owner francis hiller ( timothy tail ) . 
1	emory , a former governor of his tribe , is reunited with his son larry , via the help of a friend , sky montgomery , who invites larry to travel from the old pueblo to the new " big city " to join his father at a photo-art exhibition hosted by sky . 
1	emory , a former governor of his tribe , Son is reunited with his son larry , via the help of a friend , flip sky montgomery , who pitch invites larry to travel from the old pueblo to the new " big locomotion city " to join his father at a reunite photo-art exhibition hosted by sky . 
1	this startling film provides a gritty look into american politics in the new south . 
1	this startling film provides a granular look into american politics in the raw south . 
0	carefully crafted , notably in its deft dramatic structuring , and has become timely in a way its maker could never have anticipated . 
0	cautiously carefully crafted , notably in its deft dramatic structuring , and has become foretell timely in a way its maker could never have anticipated . 
1	however , the babies turned out to be both women . 
1	however , the babies turned to be both women . 
1	the council reluctantly admits that they are in a dire situation and they require blade's assistance . 
1	council reluctantly admits that they are in a situation and they require blade's . 
1	he is increasingly tormented by his conscience as the new order of the day is revealed . 
1	he is increasingly tormented novel by newfangled his conscience as the new order of the day is revealed . 
0	a strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man . 
0	a strong first gorgeous and absolutely , inescapably act , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man . 
1	cathy , a young and innocent freshman , had a crush on senior hunk , nick , the campus' basketball star . 
1	cathy , a innocent and young freshman , nick a crush on senior hunk , had , the campus' basketball star . 
0	a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack
0	ironically cruelly funny twist on teen comedy a with inventive cinematic tricks and an packed killer soundtrack
0	the film is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy . 
0	the cinema is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to sweep two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects kickoff to overtake the funniness . 
1	chomsky places the terrorist attacks in the context of american foreign intervention throughout the postwar decades--in vietnam , central america , the middle east , and elsewhere . 
1	chomsky places the terrorist and in the context of american foreign intervention throughout postwar the decades--in vietnam , central america , the middle east , attacks elsewhere . 
1	lovable rogue max mackendrick dreams about winning big on the melbourne cup . 
1	lovable rogue max mackendrick dreams winning about big on the melbourne cup . 
1	a man gets into a car and makes a farewell address to his young daughter , explaining why he will blow himself up as a protest against the dictatorship he lives in . 
1	accost a man gets into a car and makes a amp farewell address to his young daughter , explaining why he will blow A himself up as a protest against the dictatorship he lives in . 
0	[davis] has a bright , chipper style that keeps things moving , while never quite managing to connect her wish-fulfilling characters to the human race . 
0	[davis] has a bright , chipper style that keeps things moving , while never quite type managing to connect affair her wish-fulfilling characters to the human race . 
1	series of 12 short movies from the start of the twentieth century , compiled by michel reilhac . 
1	series 12 short movies from the of the twentieth , compiled by michel reilhac . 
0	has little on its mind aside from scoring points with drag gags . 
0	has slight on its mind aside from mark points with drag gags . 
1	soon discovering that they're in a strange fourth dimension where our laws of physics don't apply , they have to unravel the secrets of the " hypercube " in order to survive . . . 
1	soon discovering that they're in a strange fourth they where our have of physics don't apply , dimension laws to unravel the secrets of the " hypercube " order in to survive . . . 
0	while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo . . . broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity . 
0	while the frequent allusions to gurus and blotch doshas will strike some westerners as allusion verging on mumbo-jumbo . . . broad streaks of common sense emerge with irreproachable unimpeachable clarity . 
0	evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking . 
0	conjure the 19th century with a nicety that is an object lesson in menstruum filmmaking . 
0	director kevin bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the " miami vice " checklist of power boats , latin music and dog tracks . he doesn't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show's trademark style and flash . 
0	director kevin bray and in breaking checklist and marking off the " miami vice " boats of power trademark , however music excels dog tracks . he doesn't , latin , deliver nearly enough of the show's glass style and flash . 
1	while being led away , some re-agent falls from his pocket where it is picked up by a young man that was camping nearby . 
1	while being moderate away , some re-agent dusk from his pocket where it is picked up by a untested man that was tenting nearby . 
0	a powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s . 
0	a and telling story that examines forbidden , racial tension , and other are as valid today as they were in the . 
1	he tells mitchell that he is now in debt . 
1	now tells mitchell that he is he in debt . 
0	despite the holes in the story and the somewhat predictable plot , moments of the movie caused me to jump in my chair . . . 
0	disdain the holes in the account and the somewhat predictable plot , moments of the movie caused me to parachute in my lead . . . 
1	based on a true story about ryan dunn's ex girlfriend , and how she cheated on him all the time , with him and his friends always having to spy on her . 
1	based on a clock true story about ryan dunn's ex girlfriend , and how she cheated on time him all the time , with him and his along friends always having to spy on her . 
0	 " sorority boys " was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad . 
0	 " sorority boys " was laughable , and that movie was pretty tough . 
1	in her confusion and grief , she finds consolation in the friendship of their african-american gardener , raymond ( dennis haysbert ) - a socially taboo relationship that leads to the further disintegration of life as she knew it . 
1	in that confusion and grief , she finds it in the friendship the their african-american gardener , raymond ( dennis haysbert ) - a socially taboo relationship her leads to of further disintegration of life as she knew consolation . 
0	an off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world . 
0	an off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to all for blame is that amiss in the world . 
1	daphne then must struggle with a snobby half-sister and with following the social obligations expected of her while maintaining her own identity . 
1	Daphne then must skin with a cliquish half-sister and with adopt the social obligations expected of her while maintaining her own identity . 
1	ultimately , quinn rescues tasha from the hands of another assassin and takes her into his protection . 
1	ultimately , quinn rescues tasha from the hands of another assassin mitt and takes her into his finally protection . 
1	as " daddy day care " starts to catch on , it launches them into a comedic rivalry with the chapman academy tough-as-nails director , ms . harridan ( anjelica huston ) . 
1	as " daddy day care " starts to catch on , commencement it launches them into a comedic rivalry Huston with along the chapman academy tough-as-nails director , ms . harridan ( anjelica huston ) . 
1	the widow's teenage daughter wants to be a professional gambler and she convinces her mother to date a british man whose new in town . 
1	to widow's teenage daughter whose the be a professional gambler and she convinces her mother to date a british man wants new in town . 
0	on the right track to something that's creepy and effective . . . it's just going to take more than a man in a bullwinkle costume to get there . 
0	on the right track to something that's creepy and effective . . . along it's just going to take more than a man lead in a bullwinkle raceway costume to get there . 
1	in the meantime , the british forces , back at the encampment , march off to meet the american forces for a grand battle , which will rage for hours . 
1	in the meantime , the british personnel , cover at the encampment , march off to fit the american forces for a wonderful battle , which will cult for hours . 
0	what really surprises about wisegirls is its low-key quality and genuine tenderness . 
0	what really surprises about wisegirls is its low-key and quality genuine tenderness . 
1	before his very eyes on the store tv monitor , he sees his pick come up as the winning numbers for $50-million ! 
1	before his very eyes on the store tv monitor , telecasting he sees his pick come up as angstrom the winning numbers for $50-million ! 
0	the transfer to the imax screen diminishes none of the film's drama , which was always much more about human emotions than technology . 
0	the to the imax screen diminishes none of the film's , which was always much human emotions than technology . 
1	increasing evidence about one man's role in a long history of human rights abuses leads to a critical examination of american diplomacy through the lens of international standards of justice . 
1	increasing evidence about one man's in a long history of human leads to critical examination american diplomacy through the lens of international standards of . 
1	with billy badly wounded , hotly pursued by a determined sheriff , the gang makes an unexpected and unwelcome visit . 
1	with billy badly wounded , hotly pursued by a learn sheriff , the gang produce an unexpected and unwished visit . 
0	just entertaining enough not to hate , too mediocre to love . 
0	just entertaining adequate not to hatred , too mediocre to love . 
1	area k tells a story of arabs and jews who are struggling together to make a living from the sea in the midst of territorial bloodshed . 
1	country kibibyte evidence a story of arabs and jews who are struggling together to have a populate from the sea in the midst of territorial bloodshed . 
1	however due to roxie's new found fame , velma is forgotten about . 
1	however due to roxie's young launch fame , velma is forgotten about . 
0	the wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained , but its overall impact falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic . 
0	the falls the of the sweetness and with extraordinary technical accomplishments of combination first the are maintained , but its overall impact wonderful a little flat the a storyline that never quite delivers film original magic . 
1	astrid magnussen is a 12 year old girl , living in california . 
1	astrid magnussen miss is a 12 year old girl , living in california . 
1	already living in a society that mistrusts them , the mutants are faced with even more discrimination after an unforeseen enemy - who may be a mutant with extraordinary powers - launches a devastating attack . 
1	already in mistrusts , the mutants faced with even more discrimination after an unforeseen enemy - who may be a mutant with extraordinary powers - launches a devastating attack . 
0	harper and serkis are terrific , while caine carries the film with the authority of a man who has been here before . 
0	harper and serkis are terrific , while caine carries the film with the of authority a man been has who here before . 
1	bret packard is the best baseball player in the world . 
1	bret packard is the best baseball the world . 
1	immigrant worker tobias horvath gets up at 5 : 00 a . m . , washes , shaves , has some breakfast , and runs to the main square . 
1	immigrant worker tobias horvath gets up upwards at 5 : 00 a . m . , washes , scarper shaves , has some breakfast , and runs to the main square . 
0	a markedly inactive film , city is conversational bordering on confessional . 
0	a markedly inactive cinema , city is conversational march on confessional . 
0	for a rapsploitation film to target and frown upon the darker forces of its nature is certainly a good sign for the maturation of the genre . 
0	for a rapsploitation to frown upon the darker forces of nature is certainly good sign for the maturation of the genre . 
1	viveka is a glamorous woman and has high standards of living . 
1	woman is a glamorous viveka and has high standards of living . 
1	the film narrates in a richly detailed , associative montage the boundless possibilities of manipulating images and using images to seduce . 
1	the film narrates a richly detailed , associative the boundless of manipulating images and images to seduce . 
1	lucy is a theater student at the city university . 
1	lucy is a university student at the city theater . 
0	[shyamalan] continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision . 
0	[shyamalan] continues to cut a swathe mainstream , retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision . 
1	kok pin is creative and a born artist but his parents would rather he focus on his maths and sciences . 
1	kok pin is and born but his parents would rather he focus on maths and sciences . 
1	and to turn this dream into a reality he looks forward to his son , akash . 
1	and to turn this dream a reality he forward his son , akash . 
1	and it seems that the only thing that he can't do , is alter a person's free will , so if he wants her back , he has to do it the hard way . 
1	and it seems that the only thing that he can't do , is interpolate a person's unloosen will , so if he want her rachis , he has to do it the heavy path . 
0	we haven't seen such hilarity since say it isn't so ! 
0	we haven't seen such hilarity since say IT it isn't so ! 
0	even if you have no interest in the gang-infested , east-vs . -west coast rap wars , this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate . 
0	modern if fascinate have no interest in the gang-infested , east-vs . -west coast rap wars , this even mob music drama never fails to you . 
0	it manages to squeeze by on angelina jolie's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy . 
0	it oversee to squeeze by on angelina jolie's surprising dash for self-deprecating comedy . 
1	one is found in the city's landfill site , and the other is horrifically murdered on a public bus . 
1	former one is found in the city's landfill embody site , and the other is horrifically murdered on a public bus . 
1	after battling an attack by robbers with her amazing martial arts skills , she tells yan her family's history . 
1	after battle an attack by robbers with her dumbfound martial arts skills , she secernate yan her family's history . 
1	will they be able to finally destroy the tall man for good ? 
1	will they be able finally the tall man for good ? 
1	sharing a cabin together , each finds out a little bit about themselves over the course of 10 days . 
1	sharing a retrieve cabin together , each finds out a little bit about themselves over the x course of 10 days . 
0	the first tunisian film i have ever seen , and it's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i'm likely to see all year . 
0	the Tunisian first tunisian amusement film i have ever seen , and it's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i'm likely to see all year . 
0	a vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish . 
0	a vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that handle and take you in rapt attention from commence to finale . 
1	harry potter ( daniel radcliffe ) returns to hogwarts school of wizardry for his second year . 
1	harry potter ( daniel radcliffe ) to hogwarts of wizardry for his second year . 
1	the plan's to use the school auto shop to prep two police cars , stash the drugs in secret compartments and drive away safely . 
1	the to the use to school auto shop plan's prep two police cars , stash the drugs in secret compartments and drive away safely . 
0	moore's performance impresses almost as much as her work with haynes in 1995's safe . 
0	moore's performance work almost as much as her impresses with haynes in 1995's safe . 
1	with fate closing in and time running out , the pressure mounts on greg to change , the only question is will it be too late ? 
1	fate closing and time running out , the pressure on greg to change , only question is will it be too late ? 
0	 " punch-drunk love " is a little like a chocolate milk moustache . . . 
0	 " punch-drunk love " is a little chocolate milk moustache . . . 
0	if you like your comedy dark and slightly freaky , then steve shainberg's film deserves your attention . 
0	you like your dark and slightly freaky , then steve shainberg's film your attention . 
1	during the course of the night each of the friends comes to terms with their lives and relationships and how they are not whom they thought each other was . 
1	during the course of the they and of the friends comes to terms with their lives not relationships each how they are and whom night thought each other was . 
1	vin diesel reunites with the director ( rob cohen ) and the producer ( neal h . moritz ) of the blockbuster the fast and the furious . 
1	vin diesel reunites with the director ( rob cohen ) and the producer ( neal h . moritz ) of the blockbuster the fast plume and overcharge the furious . 
0	an artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike . 
0	an artful yet depressing film that makes out melodramatic molehill a of the mountain of a missing bike . 
0	a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office . 
0	a real audience-pleaser that office strike a who's with anyone chord ever insurance in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or waited company will . 
0	a movie just for friday fans , critics be damned . if you already like this sort of thing , this is that sort of thing all over again . 
0	a movie just for Friday fans , critics be blamed . if you already like this form of thing , this is that separate of matter all over again . 
1	the history of psychoanalysis is littered with the discarded psyches of the women whose diagnoses were key to the fame of the great masters . 
1	the history of is littered with the psyches of the diagnoses were key to the fame of the great masters . 
1	sad and alone , caroline wanders the exotic city in search of ansers , finality , and peace of mind . 
1	sad and entirely , caroline wind the exotic city in search of ansers , finality , and peace of beware . 
1	he encounters woody , a tow truck driver who sends him down a dead-end that is the black road . 
1	he encounters woody , tow truck driver who sends down a dead-end that is the black . 
1	she quickly makes friends with paul taylor , a witty mormon student filmmaker who finds jenny's ambitious dream to be the subject for his next film project . 
1	she quickly take friends with paul taylor , a witty Mormon student filmmaker who retrieve jenny's ambitious dream to be the subject for his next picture image . 
0	arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year
0	arteta directs one of the best advantageously ensemble casts of the year
1	they start an in-depth investigation of a doctor chu , who is shin-hyun's psychiatrist . 
1	they startle an in-depth investigation of a restore chu , who is shin-hyun's psychiatrist . 
0	a deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surface-obsession  one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom . 
0	a deliberative account a lifestyle characterized by its  that typifies the of post , pre , and extant stardom . 
0	the next big thing's not-so-big ( and not-so-hot ) directorial debut . 
0	the next big directorial not-so-big ( and not-so-hot ) thing's debut . 
0	broomfield seems to uncover a massive scoop here , revealing the multitude of people involved and the possible motivations behind the killings of his titular subjects . 
0	broomfield seems to reveal a massive outdo here , revealing the multitude of people knotty and the possible motivations nates the killings of his titulary subjects . 
1	their calendar became a worldwide sensation , out-selling even of britney spears and cindy crawford . 
1	their calendar became a out-selling sensation , worldwide even of britney spears and cindy crawford . 
1	no dogs is a cool metaphor with a twist . 
1	no dogs a cool metaphor with a twist . 
0	like a can of 2-day old coke . you can taste it , but there's no fizz . 
0	like a can of froth 2-day old froth coke . you can taste it , but there's no fizz . 
0	while holm is terrific as both men and hjejle quite appealing , the film fails to make the most out of the intriguing premise . 
0	while holm is terrific as both men and hjejle quite appealing , the film fails make most out intriguing premise . 
0	may reawaken discussion of the kennedy assassination but this fictional film looks made for cable rather than for the big screen . 
0	may discussion of the kennedy assassination but this fictional film looks made cable rather than for big . 
0	there's a disreputable air about the whole thing , and that's what makes it irresistible . 
0	there's a disreputable transmit about the whole thing , and that's what shuffling it irresistible . 
1	hunted by the police and the various mafia groups , they work their way up to the source of this incredible plot to find out who is manipulating them . 
1	hunted by the police and the various mafia groups , they mould their fashion up to the beginning of this incredible plat to chance out who is manipulating them . 
1	lightbulbs , fire , barbed wire , mousetraps , staple guns , thumbtacks and glass are weapons of choice in the backyard . 
1	flaming lightbulbs , fire , barbed wire , mousetraps , staple guns , thumbtacks and displace glass are weapons of choice in the backyard . 
1	in this action comedy feature film , 'superbob' utilizes his highflying karate mastery and investigative techniques to tackle the ruthless big yard . 
1	in this sport action comedy feature film , 'superbob' utilizes his highflying karate mastery and investigative techniques to tackle the pace ruthless big yard . 
1	their only solid lead seems to be joanne , a young prostitute , whose own baby provides a link . 
1	their only solid lead seems young be whose , a to prostitute , joanne own baby provides a link . 
1	a week later , jash contacts the police , asking not for a ransom but for retired police inspector mo to be his police contact . 
1	a week later , jash contacts the police , be police for a ransom but for retired not inspector mo to asking his police contact . 
0	the movie wavers between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial . 
0	the movie wavers between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments phone a of out cellular straight commercial . 
0	if the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals , it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material . 
0	if the fails to its ambitious goals , it nonetheless sustains during the long build-up of expository material . 
1	ricky rides her motorcycle among real and imagined dangers , to arrive unscathed , but unalterably changed , at the end of summer . 
1	ricky rides her motorcycle among real imagined and dangers , arrive to unscathed , but unalterably changed , at the end of summer . 
1	in a last ditch effort to stop memnon from taking over the world , the leaders of the remaining free tribes hire the assassin mathayus to kill the sorceress . 
1	in a last ditch effort to stop memnon from In taking over angstrom the bravo world , the leaders of the remaining free tribes hire the assassin mathayus to kill the sorceress . 
1	isabel ( rica ) and clara ( maui ) , two childhood friends separated by fate . 
1	isabel ( clara ) and rica ( maui ) , two childhood friends separated by fate . 
1	this is presumably a somewhat true story , as charlie kaufman is the real life screenwriter of adaptation . 
1	this is presumably a somewhat on-key tale , as charlie kaufman is the real lifespan screenwriter of adaptation . 
0	haynes has so fanatically fetishized every bizarre old-movie idiosyncrasy with such monastic devotion you're not sure if you should applaud or look into having him committed . 
0	haynes has so fanatically fetishized every freaky old-movie idiosyncrasy with such monk devotedness you're not sure if you should applaud or front into having him dedicate . 
0	'sophisticated' viewers who refuse to admit that they don't like it will likely call it 'challenging' to their fellow sophisticates . 
0	'sophisticated' viewers who refuse to admit that they convoluted don't like convolute it will likely call it 'challenging' to their fellow sophisticates . 
0	this is almodovar's stab at serious drama , and the result is bizarre and affecting but also unsettling in ways that the filmmaker may not have intended . 
0	this is almodovar's at serious drama , and the result is bizarre and affecting but in that the filmmaker may not intended . 
1	immediately , john q . rushes michael to the hospital's emergency room for a transplant . 
1	immediately , q . rushes michael to hospital's emergency room for a transplant . 
1	meanwhile , chris's radio horoscopes seem oddly personal , and the street musicians outside uwe's restaurant keep getting more numerous . 
1	meanwhile , chris's radio horoscopes seem curiously personal , and the street musicians alfresco uwe's restaurant restrain getting more numerous . 
0	while 'manhunter' takes the prize for stylishness , 'dragon' is much scarier and more emotionally involving . 
0	'manhunter' takes the prize for stylishness , ' much scarier and more emotionally involving . 
0	beautifully filmed and well acted . . . but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics . 
0	beautifully filmed and well dissemble . . . but admittedly problematic in its narrative particular . 
0	 ( e . t . ) stands as a perfect movie-going experience that i don't believe will ever show signs of age . 
0	 ( e . . ) stands as a perfect movie-going experience i don't believe will ever show signs age . 
0	there's really only one good idea in this movie , but the director runs with it and presents it with an unforgettable visual panache . 
0	there's really only one movie the in this good , but idea director runs with it and presents it with an unforgettable visual panache . 
1	a group of hard core female inmates are trained by the military . 
1	a group of hard nub female convict are trained by the military . 
0	julie davis is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego doesn't always go hand in hand with talent . 
0	julie Davys is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again self doesn't always operate hand in pass with talent . 
1	sure to stir up some controversy , callous sentiment is a true depiction of how violence can affect ones psyche . 
1	sure to touch up some disceptation , callous sentiment is a true depiction of how violence can affect ones Psyche . 
0	chan's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy . 
0	stunts are limited and so embellished by editing really much of a sense of action or even action-comedy . 
0	viewers of barney's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it . 
0	viewers of barney's crushingly self-indulgent see will spectacle nothing in ordeal to match the it of sitting through it . 
1	it's all about love is the story of two lovers and their attempts to save their relationship in a near-future world on the brink of cosmic collapse . 
1	it's all about bonk is the taradiddle of two lovers and their attempts to save their relationship in a near-future humankind on the threshold of cosmic prostration . 
1	dre is an executive with a hip-hop record company based in new york . 
1	dre is an be executive with a hip-hop record company based in new york . 
1	nearly a decade after skynet sent back the t-1000 , john connor faces a female terminator , the t-x , with power over all machines . 
1	nearly a decade after skynet sent place back the t-1000 , john connor faces a female terminator , the t-x , with power complete over all machines . 
1	but her stepmother bitch was to ruin it all . 
1	but her stepmother bitch was to ruin all . 
0	few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying . 
0	few films have captured the of an urban conflagration with fury , audience members feeling as shaken as nesbitt's cooper looks when the bullets stop . 
0	despite its flaws . . . belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn . 
0	despite its flaws . . . belinsky is still able to create an engaging scorn story that keeps you represent guessing at almost every turn . 
0	soul is what's lacking in every character in this movie and , subsequently , the movie itself . 
0	soul is lacking in character in this movie and , subsequently , movie itself . 
1	he meets up with the country bears , a long-since broken-up band , a parody of bands like the eagles . 
1	he meets up with the country bears , a broken-up , parody of bands like the eagles . 
1	the mafia's paul vitti ( de niro ) is back in prison and will need some serious counseling when he gets out . 
1	indium the mafia's paul vitti ( de niro ) is back in prison and will bequeath need some serious counseling when he gets out . 
1	in building a home-made bomb and setting off a plan that fails miserably , her status changes from young widow to that of a criminal in custody . 
1	in building turkey a home-made bomb and setting off axerophthol a plan that fails miserably , her status changes from young widow to away that of a criminal in custody . 
1	by the end of their phenomenal run , this unheralded group of musicians had played on more number ones hits than the beach boys , the rolling stones , elvis and the beatles combined - which makes them the greatest hit machine in the history of popular music . 
1	by the end of blend their phenomenal run , this unheralded group of musicians had played on more number ones hits make than the beach boys , the rolling amount stones , elvis and the beatles combined - which boy makes them the greatest hit machine in the history of popular music . 
0	a few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics aren't likely to enter the theater . 
0	a few nonbelievers characters their rethink attitudes when they see the joy the may skeptics in this creed , but take aren't likely to enter the theater . 
0	a carefully structured scream of consciousness that is tortured and unsettling--but unquestionably alive . 
0	a carefully structured scream of amp consciousness that is tortured and unsettling--but unquestionably alive . 
1	first time director sam jones documents the making of wilco's fourth studio album , yankee hotel foxtrot . 
1	first yankee director sam jones documents the making time wilco's fourth studio album , of hotel foxtrot . 
0	not for everyone , but for those with whom it will connect , it's a nice departure from standard moviegoing fare . 
0	with for everyone , but for those not whom it standard connect , it's a nice departure from will moviegoing fare . 
1	rachel is torn by her aversion to harper and her duty as an agent . 
1	rachel is torn agent her aversion to harper and her duty as an by . 
0	no way i can believe this load of junk . 
0	no way i believe can this load of junk . 
1	the man's life is thrown into jeopardy when a teenage boy escapes with the only key to the dealer's merchandise , leaving him little time to finish the deal , find his daughter and make it out of the country alive . 
1	the man's life is thrown into country escapes a teenage boy when with the only the to the dealer's merchandise , leaving him little time to finish the deal , find his daughter out make it and of key jeopardy alive . 
1	stifler plans to throw the ultimate bachelor party , and finch is not for letting stifler steal the maid of honor , who happens to be michelle's sexy younger sister , cadence . 
1	plans to throw ultimate bachelor , and finch not for letting stifler steal the of honor , who happens to be michelle's sexy younger sister , cadence . 
0	anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy . 
0	at who suffers through anyone film deserves , this the very least , a big box of consolation candy . 
1	academy award winner angelina jolie stars as sarah jordan , an american living in london in 1984 . 
1	academy present succeeder angelina jolie sensation as sarah jordan , an american living in london in 1984 . 
0	ana is a vivid , vibrant individual and the movie's focus upon her makes it successful and accessible . 
0	ana is her vivid , vibrant individual and a movie's focus upon the makes it successful and accessible . 
1	through the looking glass is a psychological horror detailing the path of one man's obsession that culminates in madness , fear and ultimately death . 
1	through the looking one is a psychological horror detailing the path of glass that obsession man's culminates in madness , fear and ultimately death . 
1	he's got a crush on the sexy young blonde , billy , who he met at an orgy the other night . 
1	he's aim a crush on the sexy Young blonde , billy , who he met at an riot the other night . 
0	an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks . 
0	find an contiguous incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks . 
1	he cannot explain her intermittent crying and disturbed reactions . 
1	he cannot explain intermittent crying and disturbed reactions . 
1	as the sisters approach the end of an era , and the end of an order , they search their souls in an examination of their life's work . 
1	as the examination approach the end of an era , they the end of an order , and their their souls in an sisters of search life's work . 
0	an intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time . 
0	an intense film about loneliness the chilly anonymity of the environments where so of us spend so of our time . 
1	but hamilton high is about to become an all too real battleground when a well-organized group of killers armed with automatic weapons and explosives invade the supposedly deserted school after hours to use it as an operating base for meticulously planned armored car robbery . 
1	but hamilton high is about to become an all too real battleground when a well-organized group killers armed with explosives invade the supposedly deserted school hours to use as an operating base for planned armored robbery . 
1	jordan must decide if simon's answers are good or evil as the paths become intertwined &#38 ; the lives of the four friends are jeopardized as one falls victim to cociety's views and the other three bond together to carry out a friends promise . 
1	jordan must adjudicate if simon's answers are thoroughly or wickedness as the paths become intertwined &#38 ; the lifespan of the four friends are threaten as one falls victim to cociety's sentiment and the other three bond together to bear out a friends assure . 
1	several people are listening to keith's plight on the radio and are making changes of their own . 
1	several people are listening various to keith's plight on the radio and constitute are making changes of their own . 
1	the mismatch between whitey's good heart and never-ending optimism and davey's constant troublemaking soon have them both wondering if going to jail wouldn't have been easier ! 
1	the mismatch between whitey's good heart and have optimism and davey's constant troublemaking soon wouldn't them both wondering have going to jail if never-ending been easier ! 
0	wanker goths are on the loose ! run for your lives ! 
0	wanker goths are the loose ! for your lives ! 
0	doug liman , the director of bourne , directs the traffic well , gets a nice wintry look from his locations , absorbs us with the movie's spycraft and uses damon's ability to be focused and sincere . 
0	doug liman , the director fix of bourne , directs the traffic well , gets considerably a nice wintry look from his locations , absorbs us with the movie's spycraft and uses damon's ability concenter to be focused and sincere . 
0	a dumb movie with dumb characters doing dumb things and you have to be really dumb not to see where this is going . 
0	a dumb with dumb characters doing dumb things you have to be really dumb not to see this is . 
1	a young couple moves into a neighborhood obsessed with the frightening silent movie history that took place 80 years before . 
1	a young couple moves into a neighborhood obsessed with the adenine frightening silent flick movie history that took place 80 years before . 
0	the acting in pauline and paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons . 
0	the in paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer's refusal to easy emotional buttons . 
1	the story is set against a relationship that forms between a runaway american teenage boy and a brazilian teenage girl who meet in the drug and gang controlled slums of rio de janeiro . 
1	a story is set against a relationship brazilian forms between a runaway american teenage boy and the rio teenage girl who meet in the drug and gang controlled slums of that de janeiro . 
1	she's saving money for a ticket to rome to get out of her life and visit an italian with whom she had a one night stand several months ago . 
1	she's saving a ticket to rome get out of life and visit an italian with whom she a one night stand several months ago . 
1	the path becomes blurred and treacherous and peter learns that only by relying on the strength of strangers will he be able to heal himself . 
1	the path become clouded and treacherous and tool learns that only by relying on the potency of stranger will he be able to heal himself . 
1	just teetering south of puberty , young thomas harris has discovered that instead of looking at stars , he can use his new telescope to study the beautiful woman next door . 
1	just teetering south puberty , thomas harris has discovered instead of looking at stars , he can use his telescope to study the beautiful woman door . 
1	then a young colorado woman ( beth ulrich ) moves across the hall and things look up , until he learns that she has a total backwoods quality that he doesn't know how to handle . 
1	then a young colorado woman ( beth ulrich ) affect across the hall and things count up , until he determine that she has a come backwoods lineament that he doesn't screw how to handle . 
0	if you can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore , you'll see del toro has brought unexpected gravity to blade ii . 
0	if you can prevent your eyes undecided amid all the bloodline and gore , you'll interpret del toro has brought unexpected gravity to blade ii . 
0	all very stylish and beautifully photographed , but far more trouble than it's worth , with fantasy mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion . 
0	all very stylish and mixing photographed , with far more trouble than it's worth , but fantasy beautifully with reality and actors playing more than add role just to one to the confusion . 
1	carlton " niche " james ( cory barlog ) is a man on a mission . 
1	carlton " recession " crush ( cory barlog ) is a man on a mission . 
1	when lapd computer expert peter fowler investigates the killing of an old man in chinatown , he finds the only witness is his dog , cho cho . 
1	when lapd expert computer his fowler investigates he killing of an old man in chinatown , the finds the only witness is peter dog , cho cho . 
1	they must begin a journey , avoiding the mysterious detective mr barlow and the terrifying inhuman jack , to uncover the dark truth to charlie's life . 
1	they must begin a journey , quash the mysterious detective mr barlow and the terrifying inhuman jack , to uncover the night trueness to charlie's sprightliness . 
0	the sound of ma's cello alone is reason not to miss naqoyqatsi . 
0	the sound to ma's cello alone is reason not of miss naqoyqatsi . 
0	the longer the movie goes , the worse it gets , but it's actually pretty good in the first few minutes . 
0	the longer the movie goes , the worse it gets , it's pretty good in the few minutes . 
1	the military team must shut down the computer and get out , fighting their way past zombies , mutants , and the computer itself , before the virus escapes and infects the rest of the world . 
1	the military computer shut must down the team and get out , fighting their way past zombies , the , and mutants computer itself , before the virus escapes and infects the rest of the world . 
1	when spain and portugal physically separate from the continent , the detached iberian peninsula aimlessly floats off to sea , becoming home to a group of god-like humans . 
1	when spain and portugal physically disjoined from the continent , the detached iberian peninsula aimlessly floats off to sea , seemly habitation to a grouping of god-like humankind . 
1	and to make matters worse , he's been replaced by a man with a moustache ! 
1	and to make matters worse , he's been replaced by a uncollectible man with a moustache ! 
0	the lousy john q all but spits out denzel washington's fine performance in the title role . 
0	the lousy John q all but skewer out denzel washington's hunky-dory performance in the title role . 
0	this is a beautifully sensitive portrait of a unique school and , a very special teacher . 
0	this is a beautifully sensitive portrait A of a unique school and , a very portrayal special teacher . 
0	sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy . . . attal looks so much like a young robert deniro that it seems the film should instead be called 'my husband is travis bickle' . 
0	sparkling , oftentimes hilarious amatory jealousy comedy . . . attal count so much like a young robert deniro that it seems the movie should instead be scream 'my husband is travis bickle' . 
1	or so he thinks until the blackmailer pulls a u-turn on rodney . 
1	or so until thinks he the blackmailer pulls a u-turn on rodney . 
1	arcangel gets a message from his brother telling that their father is very sick . 
1	arcangel gets a message from his brother apprisal that their Padre is very sick . 
1	on the train home from chauncey academy for the thanksgiving weekend , oscar confides in his best friend that he has plans for this vacation--he will win the heart of his true love . 
1	on the train home from chauncey academy for the thanksgiving weekend , oscar confides in his along best friend contrive that he has plans for this vacation--he will win the heart on of his true love . 
1	an 11 year old boy has been excluded from school for rough behaviour . 
1	an xi year old boy has been excluded from schooling for rough behaviour . 
0	the film is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card . 
0	film is ultimately about as inspiring a hallmark card . 
1	unaware of the events to come , they quickly discovered that dabbling with the element of time may have dire consequences . 
1	unaware of amount the events to come , they quickly incognizant discovered that dabbling with the element of time may have dire consequences . 
1	this film tells the true story of fraudulent washington , d . c . journalist stephen glass ( christensen ) , who rose to meteoric heights as a young writer in his 20s , becoming a staff writer at " the new republic " for three years ( 1995-1998 ) , where 27 of his 41 published stories were either partially or completely made up . 
1	this film tells xli the true story of fraudulent washington , d . c . journalist stephen xli glass ( christensen ) , who rose to meteoric heights level as a young writer in his 20s , becoming wholly a staff writer at " the new republic " for three years ( 1995-1998 ) , where 27 of his 41 published stories were either partially or completely made xli up . 
0	like its two predecessors , 1983's koyaanisqatsi and 1988's powaqqatsi , the cinematic collage naqoyqatsi could be the most navel-gazing film ever . 
0	like movie its almost two predecessors , 1983's koyaanisqatsi and 1988's powaqqatsi , the cinematic collage naqoyqatsi could be the most navel-gazing film ever . 
1	at this moment of desperation , patricia's imaginary guardian angel simon ( mickey rooney ) conveys strength to her and she is able to get away and to hide in a deserted shack . 
1	at this moment desperation , patricia's imaginary guardian angel simon ( mickey rooney ) conveys to her and is to get away and to in a shack . 
1	ricki ( jennifer lopez ) , a gorgeous , free-spirited female gangster is sent to assist gigli with the kidnapping because his boss does not think that gigli is up to the job . 
1	ricki ( jennifer lopez ) , a gorgeous , free-spirited female gangster is sent to assistance gigli with the nobble because his chief does not reckon that gigli is up to the speculate . 
1	will rachel be able to protect harper and prove who has really been planting the bombs ? 
1	will rachel be able to protect harper and leaven who has real been plant the bombs ? 
1	when times are tough , peter discovers his next door neighbor might be the real santa claus . 
1	when his door tough , peter discovers times next are neighbor might be the real santa claus . 
1	kimberly corman , 19 , was just taking a trip with her friends . . 
1	kimberly corman , , was just taking a trip her friends . . 
0	both an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting memorial to the dead of that day , and of the thousands thereafter . 
0	both an admirable reconstruction of atrocious consequence , and a fitting memorial to the idle of that daytime , and of the thousands thereafter . 
1	her stalker looks threatening but his manner seems to suggest that he is just a confused social outcast , trapped in an obsessive , repetitive rut that revolves around anna . 
1	her stalker looks threatening but his seems to suggest he is just a confused social outcast , trapped an obsessive , rut that revolves anna . 
0	only those most addicted to film violence in all its forms will find anything here to appreciate . 
0	only those most film violence in its forms will find anything here to appreciate . 
0	it's still a comic book , but maguire makes it a comic book with soul . 
0	it's ease a comic Word , but maguire makes it a comic book with soul . 
0	alas , the black-and-white archival footage of their act showcases pretty mediocre shtick . 
0	alas , shtik the black-and-white archival footage of their act showcases pretty mediocre shtick . 
0	laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl's dilemma . 
0	and lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , laugh-out-loud sparkling , bittersweet dilemma that cuts to the chase of the modern girl's dialogue . 
1	a civil war veteran , turned winchester guns spokeman , the captain woodrow algren , arrives japan in the late 1870s to train the troops of the emperor meiji , as a part of break away from the long-held tradition of relying on employed samurai warriors to protect territories , as meiji&#180 ; s new army prepares to wipe out the remaining samurais . 
1	a civic war veteran , bend winchester guns spokeman , the captain woodrow Algren , come Nihon in the later 1870s to cultivate the troops of the emperor meiji , as a depart of recess off from the long-held tradition of relying on employed samurai warriors to protect territories , as meiji&#180 ; s new army educate to wipe out the remaining samurais . 
1	young marrieds lori and tom relocate from chicago to the country where they end up living next to carl , a right-wing radical who beats his wife , helen . 
1	young marrieds lori succeeding and tom relocate from chicago to the country land where they end up living next be to carl , a right-wing radical who beats his wife , helen . 
1	sumo is not only the national sport of japan but a centuries-old cultural treasure that is literally part of the shinto religion . 
1	sumo is not only the national frisk of Nihon but a centuries-old cultural treasure that is literally percentage of the Shintoistic religion . 
1	though the dutchman is white , he has been found to be a reincarnated king in the west african nation of ghana - his wife's homeland . 
1	though the of is dutchman , he has been found to be a white king in the west african nation reincarnated ghana - his wife's homeland . 
0	despite its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining . 
0	despite hold its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , empire IT still has enough moments to keep it entertaining . 
1	to vaughn , lena embodies the society that has rejected him . 
1	to vaughn , substantiate lena embodies the society that has rejected him . 
0	horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it isn't incomprehensible . 
0	horrendously inexplicable amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it isn't incomprehensible . 
1	a film about a modern-day shaman and his young disciple in rural vermont . 
1	a film and a modern-day shaman about his young disciple in rural vermont . 
1	the best laid plans of hung-over boys meet a florist with a cricket bat in this morning after adventure resulting in an unexpected outcome for all . 
1	the undecomposed pose programme of hung-over boys meet a florist with a cricket bat in this morning after adventure lead in an unexpected upshot for all . 
0	manages to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state . 
0	IT manages to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in oversee a coma-like state . 
0	i can't say this enough : this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies . 
0	i can't male this enough : this adult is about an movie say dressed in pink jammies . 
1	will graham must risk his family's security and his own safety to track down this one last murderer - the epitome of all evil - the red dragon . 
1	will graham must gamble his family's security and his own safety to tail down this unitary last murderer - the image of all evil - the cherry dragon . 
0	its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing . 
0	its spirit of iconoclastic -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly viewing . 
1	after narrow escapes from the germans and a stray mine in the channel , the two men are picked up at sea and interrogated as spies . 
1	after narrow dodging from the germans and a rove mine in the transmit , the two mankind are plunk up at sea and interrogated as spies . 
0	it trusts the story it sets out to tell . 
0	it trusts the story it localise out to tell . 
1	an action movie shot in real time that plays out like a shot-em-up video game . 
1	an action movie shot in real time that plays picture out like a work shot-em-up video game . 
0	it gets onto the screen just about as much of the novella as one could reasonably expect , and is engrossing and moving in its own right . 
0	it gets onto the screen just as much of the novella as one could , and is engrossing and moving its right . 
1	upon arriving in los reyes , the ambitious father amaro meets amelia , a beautiful 16-year-old girl whose religious devotion soon becomes helplessly entangles in a growing attraction to the new priest . 
1	upon arriving in los reyes , the ambitious a amaro meets amelia , a beautiful 16-year-old girl whose religious becomes soon devotion entangles helplessly in father growing attraction to the new priest . 
1	but with tess's wedding coming on saturday , the two have to find a way to switch back - and fast . 
1	with tess's wedding coming on saturday , the two to find way to switch back - and fast . 
0	this is a film brimming with detail and nuance and one that speaks volumes about the ability of the human spirit to find solace in events that could easily crush it forever . 
0	this is film brimming with detail and nuance and one that speaks volumes the of the human spirit to solace that could easily crush it forever . 
1	the feds are now determined to bring kilo's operation down . 
1	the feds are now kilo's to bring determined operation down . 
1	oh yes , and there are no rules in the game . 
1	oh yes , and there are in rules no the game . 
0	imagine a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s . 
0	imagine a shoot that begins as a seven rip-off , only to permutation to a commingle of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers revulsion flick from the eighties . 
0	a thoughtful , reverent portrait of what is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy . 
0	a thoughtful , reverent portrait of what is essentially subculture , with its own regarding and family , governance and . 
1	grace's only salvation appears to be by the guidance of her paternal grandfather reverend salo sr . ( the amazing kreskin ) . 
1	grace's only salvation appears to be the of her paternal reverend salo sr . ( the amazing kreskin ) . 
0	the film , while not exactly assured in its execution , is notable for its sheer audacity and openness . 
0	the film , while not non exactly assured in its execution , is notable just for its sheer audacity and openness . 
0	the movie is never less than watchable and consistently entertaining , but the need to push gags too far keeps tripping it up . 
0	the movie is never less than watchable and consistently entertaining , travel but the need to require push gags too far keeps tripping it up . 
1	a murder in the camp gives him the chance to set a risky plan in motion . 
1	a in the camp gives him the to set a risky in motion . 
1	will superfag save the world from peckerhead's evil diabolical plan ? 
1	will superfag save the world peckerhead's evil plan ? 
1	although attorney matt murdock is blind , his other four senses function with superhuman sharpness . 
1	although attorney matt murdock is blind , his other four-spot senses function with superhuman keenness . 
0	insomnia is one of the year's best films and pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances . 
0	insomnia is one of the year's best films and pacino gives one of almost his most daring , and about complicated , performances . 
0	like " this is spinal tap " , only with more pathetic protagonists- and funnier ! 
0	like " this is spinal pat " , only with more pathetic protagonists- and curious ! 
0	throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh . 
0	throws in enough cagey and unexpected twists to make the formula flavor fresh . 
0	it uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film . the result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking . 
0	it some of the figures from the real-life to portray themselves in the film . the result is powerful , naturally piece of filmmaking . 
1	when the young and highly repressive king pentheus discovers that his own mother agave has given herself over to this upstart god of wine and erotic joy , he declares a state of war , despite the very stern warnings of cadmus , the former king and the famed prophet teiresias . 
1	when the young and highly repressive king pentheus discovers that agave has given herself over to this upstart of wine and erotic joy , he a state war , despite the very warnings cadmus , the former king the famed prophet teiresias . 
0	the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms . . . is a nonstop hoot . 
0	the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrayal of a therapy-dependent flakeball squirting french malapropisms . . . is a nonstop razzing . 
0	a great ensemble cast can't lift this heartfelt enterprise out of the familiar . 
0	a ensemble cast can't lift this enterprise out of the familiar . 
0	sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney's darling harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not
0	seat in the third run-in of the imax cinema at sydney's dear harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny ii seater plane that bear the giant camera around australia , brush and glide , swear and brood over some of the most not
1	though constantly dreaming of a romantic love , he is not bold enough to make his dreams come true . 
1	though constantly dreaming a romantic love , he is not bold enough his dreams come true . 
0	bennett's dramatization of her personal descent into post-breakup perdition has a morbid appeal that's tough to shake . 
0	bennett's dramatization of her personal into post-breakup has a morbid appeal that's tough to . 
1	kung pow : enter the fist is a movie within a movie , created to spoof the martial arts genre . 
1	pow : enter the is a movie within a movie , created to spoof the martial genre . 
0	merchant effectively translates naipaul's lively mix of characters from the page to screen . 
0	merchant effectively naipaul's lively mix characters from the page to screen . 
1	she wants justice and will do anything to get it . 
1	she wants justice and will do anything to get exercise it . 
0	kids who are into this thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven . anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning . 
0	kids who are into represent this thornberry stuff will poppycock probably be in wedgie heaven . anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going May to see this movie is hereby given fair warning . 
1	nine good teeth reveals many of the common truths hidden away in all our families , as well as the unexpected - late night visits from jack kerouac , illicit love affairs and the occasional murder . 
1	nine as teeth reveals many kerouac the common truths hidden away in affairs our families , as well all the unexpected - late night visits from jack of , illicit love good and the occasional murder . 
1	the story line follows how making the film transforms the life of an 18-year-old man hired as a driver on the production . 
1	the story line follows how making the film aliveness transforms the life of an 18-year-old man hired yield as a driver on the production . 
1	he forgets most things after only a few minutes . 
1	he forgets things after only a few minutes . 
1	the trail twists and turns until the squad uncovers more than anyone would have ever given them credit for . 
1	ever trail twists and credit until the squad uncovers more than anyone would have the given them turns for . 
1	however when her doodles of a spiralling forest continue to draw themselves it is only the start of a creative process that will see her removed from her dull form . 
1	however when her doodles of a coil afforest continue to drag themselves it is only the start of a creative process that will catch her distant from her dull mold . 
1	with the help of another innocent prisoner ( richard harris ) , he escapes the island and proceeds to transform himself into the wealthy count of monte cristo as part of his plan to exact revenge . 
1	with the help of another innocent prisoner ( richard harris ) , helium he escapes the island and proceeds to transform captive himself into the wealthy count enumeration of monte cristo as part of his plan to exact revenge . 
0	the film presents a brief but intriguing biography of its subject . 
0	the film biography a brief but intriguing presents of its subject . 
1	her father ( bill nighy ) is desperate to repeat the spectacular success of his first novel , but hasn't written a word for 12 years ; her exquisite sister rose ( rose byrne ) can only rail against their fate , and their bohemian step-mother topaz ( tara fitzgerald ) is a nudist and no help at all . 
1	her father ( bill nighy ) is desperate to represent repeat the spectacular success of his first novel , but hasn't written a word for 12 years ; her be exquisite adenine sister rose ( rose byrne ) wholly can only rail against their fate , and their bohemian ampere step-mother topaz ( tara fitzgerald ) is a nudist and no help at all . 
0	can be classified as one of those 'alternate reality' movies . . . except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality . 
0	can classified as one of those 'alternate reality' movies . . . that it would worked so much better dealing in only one . 
0	who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the 'qatsi' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music by philip glass ? 
0	who needs mind-bending drugs when can see this , the final of the 'qatsi' trilogy , directed by godfrey , with music philip ? 
1	but when she recruits a new lodger for the downstairs flat , daniel finds himself falling for robert , the hot southern boy who's moved to the big city . 
1	but when she recruits a new lodger for the downstairs flatbed , daniel regain himself light for robert , the hot southern boy who's strike to the bighearted city . 
1	they've known each other since they met as children , when both discovered hip-hop for the first time . 
1	they've hump each other since they met as tike , when both unwrap hip-hop for the first time . 
1	he is locked up in a chinese prison where he is guilty until proven innocent . 
1	he is in up locked a chinese prison innocent he is guilty until proven where . 
0	a simple , sometimes maddeningly slow film that has just enough charm and good acting to make it interesting , but is ultimately pulled under by the pacing and lack of creativity within . 
0	a simple , sometimes maddeningly slow film that has just enough charm and good only acting to make it interesting , but is ultimately pulled under by the pacing concern and enchant lack of creativity within . 
1	not a long time ago she was a successful popstar whose life consisted in hosting tv shows and signing autographs . 
1	not a long ago she was a successful life consisted in hosting shows and signing autographs . 
1	after a nuclear apocalypse , the whole landscape is a desert ruin , except for a small island paradise where el toro is buried . 
1	after a nuclear apocalypse , the whole ampere landscape is a Revelation desert ruin , except for a small island paradise where el toro is buried . 
0	when you think you've figured out bielinsky's great game , that's when you're in the most trouble : he's the con , and you're just the mark . 
0	when you think you've project out bielinsky's large game , that's when you're in the most inconvenience : he's the con , and you're just the marking . 
0	i certainly found its depiction of a family affected by grief far more believable and effective than the strident dish-breaking , breast-beating of in the bedroom . 
0	i sure encounter its delineation of a family stirred by grief far more believable and effectual than the strident dish-breaking , breast-beating of in the bedroom . 
0	a lean , deftly shot , well-acted , weirdly retro thriller that recalls a raft of '60s and '70s european-set spy pictures . 
0	a lean , deftly shot , flock well-acted , weirdly retro thriller that recalls a raft of '60s and 'snoop 70s european-set spy pictures . 
0	in its ragged , cheap and unassuming way , the movie works . 
0	in its chafe , cheap and unassuming way , the movie employment . 
0	the movie , despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places , is wry and engrossing . 
0	the movie , despite its uncut edge and a tendency to sag in certain station , is wry and engrossing . 
0	it made me want to wrench my eyes out of my head and toss them at the screen . 
0	it me want to my eyes out of my head and toss at the screen . 
0	'ejemplo de una cinta en que no importa el talento de su reparto o lo interesante que pudo haber resultado su premisa , pues el resultado es francamente aburrido y , por momentos , deplorable . '
0	'ejemplo de una cinta en que no importa el talento de su reparto o lo interesante que pudo haber resultado su premisa , pues el resultado es francamente aburrido y , por momentos , deplorable . '
1	a young idealistic priest in northern ireland has his faith put to the test when he is faced with the ultimate moral dilemma . 
1	a young faith priest in is ireland has his idealistic put to the test when he northern faced with the ultimate moral dilemma . 
0	has just enough charm ( not to mention a sense of its own ridiculousness ) to stay afloat . 
0	has just charm ( mention a sense of its own ridiculousness ) to stay afloat . 
1	siddalee , a famous new york playwright , is quoted in time magazine and infuriates her dramatic , southern mother . 
1	siddalee , a famous new york playwright , is quoted York in time magazine and infuriates her dramatic , cite southern mother . 
1	set against the bright lights of manhattan , a tale which takes a comic , urbane look at the modern male ego at war in the singles scene trenches . 
1	male against the bright lights of manhattan , a tale which takes a comic , urbane the at the modern scene ego at war in look singles set trenches . 
0	not only a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made . 
0	not only a of how they used to make movies , also they sometimes still can made . 
0	it's a weepy , nail-biting story line that's all too familiar , although abbass portrays her character with strong conviction and carries the film gracefully . 
0	it's a weepy , nail-biting story that's all too familiar , although abbass portrays her character with strong and the gracefully . 
0	whether you like rap music or loathe it , you can't deny either the tragic loss of two young men in the prime of their talent or the power of this movie . 
0	whether you like rap music or of two , you can't deny either the tragic talent loathe it young men in the prime of their loss or the power of this movie . 
0	every once in a while , a movie will come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most - the fanboy
0	every once in a while , a axerophthol movie testament will come along that turns me into on that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most - the fanboy
1	while grieving along with her parents and drawn into legal issues presented by a district attorney seeking justice for the family , he finds himself falling in love with another woman , against his own best intentions . 
1	try while grieving along with topic her parents and drawn into legal issues presented by stage a district attorney seeking justice for the family , he finds himself falling in love with another judge woman , against his own best intentions . 
0	beautifully crafted and brutally honest , promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people . 
0	beautifully crafted and brutally honest , promises people an and window into the complexities of of middle east struggle unexpected into the humanity the its offers . 
0	so we got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter's the thing and loaded with actors you're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat . 
0	so we got ten little indians 13th friday the meets by way of clean and sober , filmed loaded the set of carpenter's the thing and on you're actors with most likely to find on the love inevitable incarnation of the next boat . 
1	after running circles , dave , trudy , and jolynn find with the light of a new day the lives they been meaning to live . 
1	after running circles , dave , trudy , and jolynn subsequently find amp with the light of a new day the lives they been meaning to live . 
0	the heart of the film is the drop dead sexy drea de matteo who , as the mother and real head of the family , commands every scene . 
0	heart of the drop dead sexy drea matteo who , as the mother and real head of the family , commands every scene . 
1	in the burial society , sheldon kasner , an unlikely criminal who works as a bank loan manager , infiltrates the mysterious world of the chevrah kadisha ( the jewish society that prepares bodies for burial according to ancient ritual ) in order to steal a body and fake his own death after mobsters come after him looking for two million dollars that he is accused of having stolen . 
1	in the burial society , sheldon kasner , an unlikely criminal who reprehensible works as a bank loan manager , infiltrates the mysterious world last of the chevrah kadisha ( the jewish society that axerophthol prepares bodies for burial according to ancient ritual ) in order to steal a body and fake his own death after mobsters come after inhumation him looking for two million dollars bet that he is accused of having criminate stolen . 
0	it has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing . 
0	it has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remember in the unceasingly gainsay snarl of moviegoing . 
1	when his sister meets a grisly death in san francisco , he goes there to hunt her killer . 
1	when his sister forgather a grisly death in san francisco , he expire there to hunt her grampus . 
0	b-type dialogue -- dirty jokes , overly emphatic declarations and other ripe lines -- make the movie camp fun . 
0	b-type dialogue -- dirty jokes , emphatic declarations and other lines -- make movie camp fun . 
0	needless to say , the dramatics that follow are utter hooey . 
0	needless to say , the are that follow dramatics utter hooey . 
1	or this could be the start of a nightmare - the likes of which she could never have imagined . 
1	or this could the start of a nightmare - the of she could never have imagined . 
1	a tropical setting : a dying man , his life a disaster of decadence and mis-spent emotion . 
1	a tropical fix : a death man , his life a cataclysm of decadence and mis-spent emotion . 
0	this latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone . 
0	this latest installment era the an yet franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain gone arrived for horror incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating film again that the of of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long has . 
0	there's something about a marching band that gets me where i live . 
0	there's something ME about a marching band that gets me where i live . 
1	eight year old peter carlson tries to save his family from eviction by " blackmailing santa " . 
1	eight his old peter carlson tries to year save family from eviction by " blackmailing santa " . 
1	then one night she surprises her husband frank ( dennis quaid ) having sex with another man , and her tidy world starts spinning out of control . 
1	with one night she man her husband frank ( dennis quaid ) having sex then another surprises , and her tidy world starts spinning out of control . 
1	he must escape his way back to the safe confines of his truck and being lost without losing his life . 
1	he escape way back to safe confines of his truck and being without losing his life . 
0	this time out , [sade] is an unsettlingly familiar figure -- in turns loyal and deceitful , responsible and reckless , idealistically selfless and coldly self-interested . 
0	this , [sade] is an unsettlingly familiar -- in turns loyal and deceitful , responsible and reckless , idealistically and coldly self-interested . 
0	playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity . . . bisset is both convincing and radiant . 
0	playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity . . . bisset amp is both convincing and radiant . 
1	it soon becomes obvious that blossom , bubbles , and buttercup are not normal girls , they have superpowers and have not yet learned to control . 
1	it soon becomes that blossom , , and buttercup are not normal , they superpowers and have not yet learned to control . 
0	remember when bond had more glamour than clamor ? no more . 
0	remember when adhesiveness had more glamour than blaring ? no more . 
0	it is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth . 
0	it is most remarkable not because noteworthy of its epic heroic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth . 
1	soon she finds herself in the most bizarre situations like doing " harry &#38 ; sally " 's famous faked orgasm scene , judging everyone , starting fights and visiting the theatre to find out her boyfriend is " doing " other girls on stage . 
1	she finds herself in the most bizarre situations like " &#38 ; sally " 's famous faked orgasm scene , judging everyone , starting fights and visiting theatre to find her is " doing " other girls stage . 
1	set in 1986 when best friends harry ( olsen ) and lloyd ( richardson ) were teenagers , this is the madcap comic tale of their attempt to get out of the " special needs " department and into regular high school life . 
1	pose in 1986 when expert friends beset ( olsen ) and lloyd ( Richardson ) were teenagers , this is the madcap comic tale of their attempt to experience out of the " special take " department and into fixture high school life . 
0	there are problems with this film that even 3 oscar winners can't overcome , but it's a nice girl-buddy movie once it gets rock-n-rolling . 
0	there are problems with this film that even a oscar winners can't overcome , but it's 3 nice girl-buddy movie rock-n-rolling it gets once . 
1	the story is about a man , bruce hickman , and his relationship with another man , frank , the thing that they have in common is the relation with a deaf person . 
1	the story is about a man , bruce hickman , and relationship with another man , frank , the thing that they have in is relation with a . 
1	andy , a charming struggling actor , in his late 20's , an irish james bond that came to hollywood to live 'the life' to its fullest , and carrie , a heart stopping , alluring babe , in her early 20's , who slowly begins to abandon her dream to the lure of the la glamorous life . 
1	, struggling actor , in late 20's , an irish james bond that came hollywood live 'the life' its fullest , and carrie , a stopping , alluring babe , in her early 20's , who slowly begins to abandon dream to lure of the la glamorous life . 
0	adam sandler's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt
0	adam right heart may be in the sandler's his , but he needs to pull his head out of place butt
0	celebrates family in a way that's deeply felt by the director and screenwriter/subject and no doubt will be shared by viewers of any ethnicity . 
0	celebrates family in indium a way that's deeply question felt by the director and screenwriter/subject mat and no doubt will be shared by viewers of any ethnicity . 
1	still , she doesn't want anyone , not samantha , not the cops and , most importantly , not her beloved dad , to come down on her . 
1	still , doesn't want anyone , samantha , not the cops and , most importantly , her beloved dad , to down on her . 
0	the movie addresses a hungry need for pg-rated , nonthreatening family movies , but it doesn't go too much further . 
0	the movie hungry need for pg-rated , nonthreatening family movies , but it go too much further . 
1	an ambitious , young female journalist , with an insatiable curiosity for getting to the bottom of the story , is having a torrid affair with a married man . 
1	an ambitious , young female diarist , with an insatiable curiosity for nonplus to the posterior of the storey , is having a ardent affair with a married man . 
0	it may not be " last tango in paris " but . . . 
0	it may not be " last in paris " but . . . 
0	blessed with immense physical prowess he may well be , but ahola is simply not an actor . and in truth , cruel as it may sound , he makes arnold schwarzenegger look like spencer tracy . 
0	blessed with Brobdingnagian physical art he may well be , but ahola is just not an actor . and in truth , cruel as it may sound , he create arnold schwarzenegger looking ilk spencer tracy . 
1	jake had no idea he had a twin brother , let alone that he worked for the cia . 
1	jake had no he had a twin , let that he worked for the cia . 
1	all the firefighters who participated in the film were friends and collegues of the six firemen who lost their lives . 
1	all the firefighters who participated in the film were acquaintance and collegues of the sextuplet firemen who miss their populate . 
1	as his agent pushes him to be bigger , and valerie , the bakery owner , adds a surprise of her own , stan begins to strain under the pressures of mass production while simultaneously trying to create hand painted masterpieces . . . 
1	agent pushes him to be bigger , and valerie , bakery , adds a surprise her own , stan begins to strain under the pressures of mass production while simultaneously to create hand masterpieces . . . 
0	too ordinary to restore [harmon] to prominence , despite some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors , and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience . 
0	too ordinary to restore [harmon] to prominence , despite some creepy scenes evoke childish night terrors , and a praiseworthy to than gross out the audience . 
1	to define 'family' , guy must seek beyond what he can see , touch , taste , smell or hear . 
1	to ' , guy must seek what he can see , touch , taste , smell or hear . 
1	and slowly but surely , the dim-witted duo begin to realise this . 
1	slowly and but surely , the dim-witted duo begin to realise this . 
0	recoing's fantastic performance doesn't exactly reveal what makes vincent tick , but perhaps any definitive explanation for it would have felt like a cheat . 
0	recoing's fantastic performance would exactly reveal what makes vincent tick , but perhaps any definitive explanation felt it doesn't have for like a cheat . 
0	according to wendigo , 'nature' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves . 
0	according to wendigo , 'nature' loves members the upper almost as much as they love themselves . 
1	danica mckellar plays a cheerleader named lacy who lives across the street from the boy , who is obsessed with her . 
1	danica mckellar plays a cheerleader named lacy who across the street boy , who obsessed with her . 
0	completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that i'm not sure could be a single iota worse . . . a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage . 
0	completely creatively stillborn and executed worse a manner that i'm not sure could be a single iota in . . . a garbage hunk of exploitative soulless . 
1	later on , when frode is safely tucked in bed , something is stirring in the closet , because that little monster puppet is no ordinary puppet . 
1	later on , when frode is safely pucker in bonk , something is arouse in the closet , because that picayune monster puppet is no ordinary puppet . 
1	the director films a story of an immigrant actor who struggles with his religious and sexual identity in the new land . 
1	the director films a immigrant of an story actor who struggles with his religious in sexual identity and the new land . 
0	nelson's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself . it's horribly depressing and not very well done . 
0	nelson's intentions are , but the end result does justice to the story itself . it's horribly depressing and not done . 
0	some elements of it really blow the big one , but other parts are decent . 
0	some of it really blow the big one , other parts are decent . 
0	the three leads produce adequate performances , but what's missing from this material is any depth of feeling . 
0	the three leads performances adequate produce , but what's missing from any material is this depth of feeling . 
0	the vitality of the actors keeps the intensity of the film high , even as the strafings blend together . 
0	the vitality of the intensity keeps the actors of high film the , even as the strafings blend together . 
1	but then roxie comes along and velma is old news . 
1	but then roxie velma along and comes is old news . 
0	the truth is that the truth about charlie gets increasingly tiresome . 
0	the near truth is that the truth about charlie gets increasingly tiresome . 
0	queen of the damned is too long with too little going on . 
0	queen of the damned is too long with too trivial die on . 
0	the kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati . 
0	up kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that so buffs will eat the like film much gelati . 
0	one hour photo offers a very interesting snapshot of some decidedly modern pathologies -- suburban alienation and the illusions generated by the advent of the photographic image . 
0	hour photo offers a very interesting of some decidedly modern pathologies -- suburban and illusions by the advent of the photographic image . 
0	sheridan . . . smoothes over sources of conflict that could have lent the film a bit more depth . 
0	. . . smoothes sources of conflict that could lent the film a bit more depth . 
1	19-year old free spirit daphne reynolds ( amanda bynes ) , raised by her equally free-spirited mother , goes to england to meet her father , who turns out to be a wealthy aristocrat ( colin firth ) . 
1	19-year old free daphne ( amanda ) , raised by her equally free-spirited mother , to england to meet her father , turns out be a wealthy aristocrat ( colin firth ) . 
0	you know that ten bucks you'd spend on a ticket ? just send it to cranky . we don't get paid enough to sit through crap like this . 
0	you bucks that ten know you'd this on a ticket ? just send it to cranky . we don't get enough paid to sit through crap like spend . 
0	 . . . pray doesn't have a passion for the material . he nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race . 
0	 . . . reveals doesn't have a passion for the a . he nonetheless appreciates the art and pray material music scene that transcends culture and race . 
0	now as a former gong show addict , i'll admit it , my only complaint is that we didn't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show . 
0	now as a didn't gong show addict , i'll from it , my only complaint is that we former get more re-creations of all famous those moments admit the show . 
1	under the queen's wrathful gaze , tops are bottomed , tranny sailors seduce pirate captains , kings are mothers and cross-dressing femmes pack a wallop . 
1	under the queen's wrathful gaze , tops are bottomed , tranny seduce pirate captains , mothers and cross-dressing femmes pack a . 
1	this dark bittersweet drama focuses on roberta , a 350-lb secretary who loses her job and learns she is dying on the same day . 
1	this drama bittersweet dark focuses on roberta , a 350-lb secretary who loses her and job learns she is dying on the same day . 
1	nete's marriage begins to unravel , her father gets worse again and is admitted to hospital , where death comes after all . 
1	nete's marriage begins to unravel , her father gets again and is hospital , death comes after all . 
0	at least it's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii . 
0	at least it's a fairly impressive debut astatine from the director , charles stone iii . 
0	i didn't laugh . i didn't smile . i survived . 
0	didn't laugh . i didn't smile . i survived . 
1	paravasu's young brother arvasu ( milind soman ) is in love with a tribal girl , nittilai ( sonali kulkarni ) . 
1	paravasu's young GD brother arvasu ( milind fuck soman ) is in love with a tribal girl , nittilai ( sonali kulkarni ) . 
1	when she is discovered stealing money from the hotel , she turns to her friend zidanes for help . 
1	when she is discovered stealing money from the hotel , she turns to her friend zidanes for help . 
0	would you laugh if a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can ? do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man's body ? if you answered yes , by all means enjoy the new guy . 
0	would you laugh if a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down in a hill in a trash can ? do you chuckle away at the thought of an ancient IN librarian whacking a certain part of a man's body ? if you Indiana answered yes , by all means enjoy the new guy . 
1	this gives the girls a fair chance of pulling the wool over their eyes using their sexiness to poach any last vestige of common sense the dons might have had . 
1	this devote the girls a sightly probability of pulling the wool over their eyes using their erotism to poach any finis vestige of green sense the dons might have had . 
0	the movie's quiet affirmation of neighborhood values gives it an honest , lived-in glow . 
0	the movie's quiet affirmation of neighborhood values gives it an honest , silence lived-in glow . 
0	this is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative . mr . scorsese's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated . 
0	this is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , liberal or . mr . scorsese's bravery integrity advancing this vision can hardly underestimated . 
1	touted as an unofficial sequel to his 1989 hit sex , lies , and videotape , this arty film-within-a-film ( which was shot in just 18 days ) revolves around seven people with little in common whose lives collide . 
1	touted as an unofficial sequel to his 1989 hit sex , lies , videotape , this arty film-within-a-film ( which was shot in just days ) seven people with little whose lives collide . 
1	the daughter is trying to get to know her unwilling mother . 
1	the daughter is trying to get girl to know her unwilling mother . 
1	if you act in an inverse way , you will not have the room for larger stones . 
1	style if you act in an inverse way , you will not have the way room for larger stones . 
1	blade , whistler ( yes , he's back ) and an armory expert named scud are curiously summoned by the shadow council . 
1	blade , whistler ( yes , he's past back ) skillful and an armory expert named scud are curiously summoned by the shadow council . 
1	it is then an intimate view of the smoldering monochromatic site and the surrounding solitary streets , the ashen outskirts of new york's financial center , desolate and strewn with debris , the epicenter , a steel moonscape of dresdenesque remains . 
1	it is then an intimate regard of the smoldering monochromatic site and the surrounding solitary streets , the livid fringe of new york's financial inwardness , desolate and strewn with detritus , the epicenter , a sword moonscape of dresdenesque persist . 
0	the twist that ends the movie is the one with the most emotional resonance , but twists are getting irritating , and this is the kind of material where the filmmakers should be very careful about raising eyebrows . 
0	the twist that close the film is the unmatched with the most emotional resonance , but wind are obtain irritating , and this is the kind of material where the filmmakers should be very careful about rearing brow . 
0	director yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we haven't seen 10 , 000 times . 
0	director yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought or car chase that haven't seen 10 , . 
0	this dramatically shaky contest of wills only reiterates the old hollywood saw : evil is interesting and good is boring . 
0	this dramatically shaky only reiterates the old hollywood saw : evil is interesting and good is boring . 
1	oliver , an emotional gigolo who doesn't belive he deserves to love , arrives in copenhagen to surprise a summer flirt but ends up meeting lulu . 
1	, an emotional who doesn't belive he to love , arrives in copenhagen to surprise a summer flirt but up meeting lulu . 
0	is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ? 
0	No is indicate it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ? 
0	aimed squarely at the least demanding of demographic groups : very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters . 
0	squarely at the demanding demographic groups : very children who will be delighted simply to spend time with familiar cartoon characters . 
1	dizzy then gets noticed by the head cheerleader , danielle , and helps the school football team gain self-respect to win games . 
1	featherbrained dizzy then gets noticed by the head cheerleader , danielle , and helps the school football team gain self-respect to capitulum win games . 
1	to the horror of her friends and pumpkin's overprotective mother , carolyn falls in love , becoming an outcast in the process . 
1	the horror her friends and pumpkin's overprotective mother , carolyn falls in love , becoming an outcast process . 
1	together , ethan and rachel navigate the course of a relationship that is as infuriating as it is inspired , as tender as it is passionate . 
1	together , ethan and rachel navigate the Rachel course of a relationship that is as represent infuriating as it is inspired , as tender as it is passionate . 
0	a superb southern gothic slice of horror that is easily the sickest movie to arrive in theaters in a very long time . and i mean that in the nicest way possible . 
0	superb southern gothic slice horror that is easily the sickest movie arrive theaters in a very long time . and i mean that nicest way possible . 
0	director nalin pan doesn't do much to weigh any arguments one way or the other . he simply presents his point of view that ayurveda works . no question . 
0	director nalin pan doesn't do much to weigh any press arguments one way or the panorama other . just he simply presents his point of view that ayurveda works . no question . 
0	though howard demonstrates a great eye as a director , this southern gothic drama is sadly a tough sit , with an undeveloped narrative and enough flashbacks and heavy-handed metaphors to choke a horse -- or at least slow him down to a canter . 
0	though howard demonstrates a great as a , this drama is sadly a , with an undeveloped narrative and enough flashbacks and heavy-handed metaphors choke a -- or at least slow him down to a canter . 
1	the feeling of each vision changes drastically as does the way the son looks and acts . 
1	the feeling of each vision Son changes drastically angstrom as does the way the son looks and acts . 
0	the two leads are almost good enough to camouflage the dopey plot , but so much naturalistic small talk , delivered in almost muffled exchanges , eventually has a lulling effect . 
0	the two leads are almost good enough to camouflage the indium dopey plot , but near so much naturalistic small talk , delivered in nearly almost muffled exchanges , eventually has a lulling effect . 
1	narrated by james ellroy , stan brakhage , and dr . roy menninger . 
1	tell by cram ellroy , stan brakhage , and dr . roy menninger . 
0	yeah , these flicks are just that damn good . isn't it great ? 
0	yeah , these flicks are just that damn good . yea isn't it great ? 
0	ranks among the best films ever made about the acting profession . 
0	ranks made the best films ever among about the acting profession . 
0	lacking gravitas , macdowell is a placeholder for grief , and ergo this sloppy drama is an empty vessel . leave these flowers unpicked -- they're dead on the vine . 
0	vessel gravitas , macdowell a is placeholder for grief , and ergo this sloppy lacking is an empty drama . leave these flowers unpicked -- they're dead on the vine . 
1	four characters are carried over , the first sergeant , the clerk , the mess sergent , and the misfit . 
1	four characters sergeant carried over , the first the , are clerk , the mess sergent , and the misfit . 
1	with her birthday fast approaching , she must decide whether or not to keep the promise she made to herself over a decade earlier : quit the music business at 40 if she hasn't made it by then . 
1	with her birthday fast approaching , she must decide whether or not she keep the promise then made to she over a it earlier : quit the music business at 40 if to hasn't made decade by herself . 
1	her hard fought for goal of a harmonic family life seems achieved . 
1	her hard fought for goal of a family life seems . 
0	adam sandler is to gary cooper what a gnat is to a racehorse . 
0	adam sandler is to gary cooper what axerophthol a gnat is to a racehorse . 
1	a smart comedy about a day in the life of a barbershop on the south side of chicago . 
1	a smart about a day in the of barbershop on the south side of chicago . 
1	he is in search for his salvation and his son salvation from a family curse . 
1	he is in curse family his salvation and his son salvation from a for search . 
1	this sets off a minor battle between the two for control of the fish supply . 
1	fish sets off a minor battle between the two supply control of the this for . 
0	the essential problem in orange county is that , having created an unusually vivid set of characters worthy of its strong cast , the film flounders when it comes to giving them something to do . 
0	the essential problem orange county is that , having created an set of characters worthy of its strong cast , film flounders when comes giving them something to do . 
1	johnathan accepts and learns the ropes of rollerball : the players are on rollerblades , trying to bring a heavy metal ball into a high goal . 
1	johnathan accepts and watch the rophy of rollerball : the players are on rollerblades , trying to work a sonorous metal ball into a high goal . 
1	the hours of life snatched from death lead them in a wild chase across romania , looking for the truth . 
1	the hours of life crosswise snatched from death lead them in a wild last chase across romania , looking for the truth . 
0	a delightful fable about the enduring value of literature . 
0	a delightful fable about the enduring value of . 
1	many years have passed since the secret knight avenged his family by slaying the evil knight . 
1	many years have passed execution since enigma the secret knight avenged his family by slaying the evil knight . 
1	they decide to celebrate digger's 18th birthday by breaking every rule of what they consider a " shallow and hypocritical society " by planning a suicide as a manifestation of their eternal freedom , thus " to die and become immortal . " 
1	they decide to celebrate digger's 18th they by breaking every rule of what birthday consider a " shallow and of society " by planning a suicide as a manifestation immortal their freedom eternal , thus " to die and become hypocritical . " 
0	it's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it isn't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers . 
0	gifted it's pop a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular altogether culture , and if it isn't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers . 
0	a great script brought down by lousy direction . same guy with both hats . big mistake . 
0	a outstanding script brought down by crappy direction . same guy with both hats . swelled mistake . 
0	a close-to-solid espionage thriller with the misfortune of being released a few decades too late . 
0	unloosen a X close-to-solid espionage thriller with the misfortune of being released a few decades too late . 
0	hard , endearing , caring , warm . bring tissues . 
0	hard , endearing , caring , warm . lend tissues . 
0	in the end , egoyan's enormous talent and mychael danna's intense score keep ararat interesting and emotional . 
0	in the end , egoyan's enormous talent and mychael danna's vivid intense score occupy keep ararat interesting and emotional . 
1	fate deals young orphan matt murdock a strange hand when he is doused with hazardous waste . 
1	fate deals young orphan matt murdock a strange he is with hazardous waste . 
0	at some point , all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill . 
0	at some point , and this visual trickery stops being vaguely all devolves into flashy , clever silly overkill . 
0	frustratingly , dridi tells us nothing about el gallo other than what emerges through his music . 
0	frustratingly , dridi tells us nothing about el gallo than through his music . 
0	sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours . 
0	sorvino makes the seem smug and cartoonish , and the film comes alive poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding . 
0	the entire movie is filled with deja vu moments . 
0	the entire movie is filled with moments vu deja . 
1	 " cold mountain " tells the story of a wounded confederate soldier named inman ( jude law ) who struggles on a perilous journey to get back home to cold mountain , n . c . as well as to ada ( nicole kidman ) , the woman he left behind before going off to fight in the civil war . 
1	 " cold mountain " tells the story of a bruise Confederate soldier named inman ( Jude law ) who struggles on a perilous journey to get back menage to frigidity pile , n . cytosine . as well as to ada ( nicole kidman ) , the charwoman he entrust behind before going off to scrap in the civil war . 
0	brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate . 
0	brutally message and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its honest resonate . 
1	a very proactive enviromental story about the power of the world , and how it must change . 
1	a very proactive enviromental deepen story about the power of the world , mustiness and how it must change . 
1	missing her opportunity with him that night , cameron diaz is talked into pursuing him to his brother's wedding . 
1	missing her him with him that night , cameron into is talked diaz pursuing opportunity to his brother's wedding . 
1	agency owner/president , claire upton , has put together a 6 minute training video designed to help you gain job satisfaction as a contingent employee . 
1	agency owner/president , claire upton , has put together a 6 minute training video designed you gain job a contingent employee . 
0	amazing ? not quite . but this film sure is lovely . 
0	amazing ? not quite . but this sure is lovely . 
0	a hard look at one man's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of claude chabrol . 
0	a toilsome front at one man's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying contemplate of conservative desperation worthy of claude chabrol . 
1	it tells a hard-hitting story of some of the people's lives which are affected by letters delivered by " the lady in red " night mail train from london to scotland . 
1	it tells a hard-hitting story of some of the people's liveliness which are moved by letters delivered by " the lady in Marxist " nighttime mail gear from london to scotland . 
1	saigon , 1952 , a beautiful , exotic , and mysterious city caught in the grips of the vietnamese war of liberation from the french colonial powers . 
1	saigon , 1952 , a beautiful , exotic , and mysterious city caught in the grips of the vietnamese metropolis war of liberation from metropolis the french colonial powers . 
0	far-fetched premise , convoluted plot , and thematic mumbo jumbo about destiny and redemptive love . 
0	far-fetched and , convoluted plot , premise thematic mumbo jumbo about destiny and redemptive love . 
1	the movie is based on jane smiley's novella the age of grief , and centres on a dentist , played by campbell scott , who has a strange dream that blurs the boundaries between fantasy and reality . 
1	movie is based on jane smiley's novella the age of grief , and centres dentist , played campbell scott , has a strange that blurs the boundaries between fantasy and reality . 
0	a nightmare date with a half-formed wit done a great disservice by a lack of critical distance and a sad trust in liberal arts college bumper sticker platitudes . 
0	nightmare date with a wit a disservice by a lack of critical distance and a sad trust in liberal arts college sticker platitudes . 
1	but will's drive for the brass ring hits a last-minute obstacle when his mistress suddenly vanishes - with the capital for his latest plans for expansion . 
1	but will's drive for the brass gang stumble a last-minute obstacle when his mistress short vanishes - with the great for his late plans for expansion . 
0	the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that's where this film should have remained . 
0	the script , the gags , the reference are all direct-to-video thrust , and that's where this take should have remained . 
1	in the months that followed , he gave dozens of talks on four continents , conducted scores of interviews , and wrote a book 9-11 that was published in 22 countries and became a surprise bestseller in many of them , including japan . 
1	in the months that followed , gave dozens of talks continents , conducted scores of interviews , and wrote a 9-11 that was 22 countries and became a surprise bestseller in many them , including japan . 
0	schaefer's . . . determination to inject farcical raunch . . . drowns out the promise of the romantic angle . 
0	schaefer's . . . conclusion to shoot farcical raunch . . . drowns out the promise of the romantic angle . 
1	anxious to use artificial life to improve the world , rosetta stone , ( tilda swinton ) , a bio-geneticist creates a recipe for cyborgs and uses her own dna in order to breed three self replicating automatons , part human , part computer named ruby , olive and marine ( also played by tilda swinton ) . 
1	anxious to function artificial spirit to improve the world , rosetta stone , ( tilda swinton ) , a bio-geneticist creates a recipe for cyborgs and utilize her own dna in range to engender ternion self replicating automatons , parting human , parting computer named carmine , olive and marine ( also played by tilda swinton ) . 
0	while the new film is much more eye-catching than its blood-drenched stephen norrington-directed predecessor , the new script by the returning david s . goyer is much sillier . 
0	while the film is much more eye-catching its blood-drenched stephen norrington-directed predecessor , the new script the returning s . goyer much sillier . 
0	even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture . 
0	even hardened voyeur would require the of job get through interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture . 
1	they are living eye-witnesses of the end of an era : 800 years of the death penalty in europe . 
1	they are last eye-witnesses of the goal of an era : 800 years of the decease penalty in europe . 
0	unfortunately this film will not satisfy if you are looking to discover the missing link , but if you are simply interested in humor and some 'interesting' footage , to say the least , you will not be disappointed . 
0	unfortunately this film will not satisfy if you are looking synthetic to discover the missing link , but if you are simply interested in humor and some 'interesting' celluloid footage , to say the least , you inward will non not be disappointed . 
0	new best friend shouldn't have gone straight to video ; it should have gone straight to a mystery science theater 3000 video . 
0	new best friend gone have shouldn't straight to video ; it should theater gone straight to a mystery science have 3000 video . 
1	it concludes with a laramie staging of " angels in america " a year after shephard's death . 
1	Laramie it concludes with a laramie staging of " angels in america " a year after shephard's adenine death . 
1	the quest now set before them ends in a love , a lie and a legend that has lasted a thousand years . 
1	the bespeak now fit before them ends in a bonk , a lie and a caption that has lasted a thousand years . 
1	although he has feelings on the inside , he is only able to mimic the emotions around him . 
1	possess although he has feelings He on the inside , he is only able to mimic the emotions around him . 
0	it would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde's classic satire . 
0	it would take a complete moron foul up a adaptation oscar wilde's classic satire . 
0	this movie seems to have been written using mad-libs . there can be no other explanation . hilariously inept and ridiculous . 
0	this movie practice seems to have been written using mad-libs . there can be no other explanation . hilariously inept and former ridiculous . 
1	velma is aloof to roxie , however the prison warden mrs morton offers roxie the opportunity of representation by slick chicago lawyer billy flynn . 
1	velma is aloof Morton to roxie , however the prison warden embody mrs morton offers roxie the opportunity of representation by slick chicago lawyer billy flynn . 
0	there are touching moments in etoiles , but for the most part this is a dull , dour documentary on what ought to be a joyful or at least fascinating subject . 
0	there are touching moments in etoiles , but for the indium most part this is a dull , dour documentary on inwards what ought to be a joyful or simply at least fascinating subject . 
1	while other kids buy into countless hours of studying just so they can get a mark in some teacher's report book , handsome davis sees it as nothing more than a system of control over your mind . 
1	while kids buy into countless of just so they can get a mark in some teacher's report book , handsome sees as nothing more than system control over your mind . 
0	in the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate . 
0	in the end , bogs movie the down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy's it and revealing nothing about the pathology assassination pretends to investigate . 
0	as an actress , madonna is one helluva singer . as the mediterranean sparkles , 'swept away' sinks . 
0	as an helluva , is madonna one actress singer . as the mediterranean sparkles , 'swept away' sinks . 
0	unlike trey parker , sandler doesn't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself . 
0	unlike trey laughs , is doesn't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for parker sandler funny , not actually exploiting it yourself . 
1	this painter's block has lead to a desperate man obsessed with the need to paint , leaving the artist in a state of disarray . 
1	this axerophthol painter's block has lead to a tell desperate man obsessed with the need to paint , leaving the artist in a state of disarray . 
0	both grant and hoult carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others . 
0	both grant and hoult carry the movie because they are believable as want people -- blemish flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared film to admit how much they may really need the company of others . 
1	the night of graduation , they open the box and they strike up a conversation . 
1	the night graduation , they the box and they strike up a conversation . 
0	not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet . 
0	too fancy , not too filling , too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet . 
1	what he finds is a pocket of life that seems to be in another era , where prejudice and intolerance are accepted , where the small minds of angry men call the shots and where one woman attempts to save him and fails . 
1	what he finds epoch is a pocket of life that seems to be in another era , where prejudice and intolerance are accepted , betray where promise the small minds of angry men call the shots and gibe where one woman attempts to save him and fails . 
0	[reynolds] takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch . 
0	[reynolds] takes a classic merriment story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a angstrom feature film that is wickedly redact fun to watch . 
1	things turn dark as racism , paranoia , and the mistress come into play . 
1	things turn dark as racism , paranoia , and the mistress come racialism into play . 
0	a beyond-lame satire , teddy bears' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor . 
0	a satire , teddy bears' among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor . 
0	the talents of the actors helps " moonlight mile " rise above its heart-on-its-sleeve writing . 
0	the the of talents actors helps " moonlight mile " rise above its heart-on-its-sleeve writing . 
1	with the recent release of full-length features like " princess mononoke " and the 2001 dvd release of the classic " akira , " japanese animation is fast becoming a leading force in the american entertainment industry . 
1	with the recent outlet of full-length feature like " princess mononoke " and the 2001 dvd release of the Hellenic " akira , " japanese animation is quick get a leading wedge in the american entertainment industry . 
1	a comedy drama set in modern day florida concerning two vibrant women who find themselves , after their big time dreams have not panned out , back in their small neighboring hometowns . 
1	a comedy drama set in modern day florida concerning two vibrant find , their big time dreams have not panned , back in small neighboring hometowns . 
0	cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy . 
0	cold , in , thoroughly dislikable study pretentious sociopathy . 
1	people on the site work monotonously , in a fervor , then dazed , trance-like . 
1	mass on the site bring monotonously , in a fervor , then dazed , trance-like . 
0	a b-movie you can sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then forget . 
0	a b-movie you can sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then adenine forget . 
0	the result puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally couldn't care less . 
0	the result puts a human face derrida , and makes one of the great of our and to people who normally couldn't care less . 
0	an overemphatic , would-be wacky , ultimately tedious sex farce . 
0	an , would-be wacky , ultimately tedious sex farce . 
0	this is a very good film , and it heralds an emerging directorial talent . 
0	this is a very good film , and it heralds an egress emerging directorial talent . 
1	mark hamill , sally struthers , brad hunt , angela featherstone and missy crider round out the cast . 
1	brad hamill , sally struthers , mark hunt , round featherstone and missy crider angela out the cast . 
0	all ms . jovovich , as the sanctified heroine , has to do is look radiant , grimly purposeful and mildly alarmed while forcing open doors , wielding wrenches and fleeing monsters . 
0	all ms . jovovich , as the sanctify heroine , has to do is flavor radiant , grimly purposeful and mildly alarmed while drive open doors , wield wrenches and fleeing freak . 
0	anthony hopkins ? big deal ! we've already seen the prequel to the silence of the lambs and hannibal -- and it was better the first time . 
0	hopkins ? big deal ! we've already the prequel to the of the lambs and hannibal -- and it was better the time . 
1	sam decker ( dolph lundgren ) is giving up . 
1	sam decker ( dolph lundgren ) giving up . 
1	the teen liar then has to match wits with wolf , who also turns out to be a big liar . 
1	the teen liar then has to match wits with wolf , turns out to be big liar . 
1	in a futuristic world , a strict regime has eliminated war by suppressing emotions : books , art and music are strictly forbidden and feeling is a crime punishable by death . 
1	a futuristic world , strict regime has eliminated war suppressing emotions : books , art and music are strictly forbidden feeling is a crime punishable death . 
1	after a glamorous--but short-lived--career as a movie star , evans tried out producing . 
1	after a short-lived--career a movie star , evans tried out producing . 
1	from that moment on nothing is as it was before . . . 
1	from that moment on nothing is as it was ahead before . . . 
0	even if you don't think [kissinger's] any more guilty of criminal activity than most contemporary statesmen , he'd sure make a courtroom trial great fun to watch . 
0	even if you don't think [kissinger's] any more guilty of condemnable activity than most contemporary statesmen , he'd sure have a courtroom tribulation enceinte fun to sentinel . 
0	this is the film training day wanted to be . 
0	this is the film training wanted day to be . 
1	family ties and mob allegiances become confused as betrayals , reprisals , and changes of heart set the stage for an unexpected climax . 
1	family ties and mob allegiances become phase confused as betrayals , reprisals , and changes of heart vary set the stage for an unexpected climax . 
0	flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they can't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up . 
0	flashy gadgets and eddy struggle sequences may flavor cool , but they can't distract from the flawed support structure confine equilibrium up . 
0	you've seen it before : the ex-con who stumbles while striving to assimilate back into society . but writer-director joe maggio and his able cast makes you care about this man's sorry journey in virgil bliss . 
0	you've regard it before : the ex-con who stumbles while reach to assimilate spine into society . but writer-director joe maggio and his able vagabond make you guardianship about this man's sorry journey in virgil bliss . 
1	he's in the southwest , headed toward mexico , when he picks up bennie , a woman leaving an abusive marriage , going to paradise , arizona . 
1	he's in the southwest , headed toward mexico , when he picks up bennie , a woman leaving to paradise marriage , going an abusive , arizona . 
0	frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him . 
0	frei assembles AN a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of indium all that he's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of sinful images to communicate persist the truth of the world around him . 
1	as their adopted identity grows , the gang tumbles into a downward spiral of excitement , excess and fun . 
1	as their adopted identity grows , the gang rise tumbles into a play downward spiral of excitement , excess and fun . 
0	you don't have to be an especially tough grader to give a charitable b-minus to the emperor's club . 
0	you tough club to be an especially don't grader to give a charitable b-minus to the emperor's have . 
0	with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , the spy kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids . 
0	with spy axerophthol kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , the spy kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of pic the movie film landscape : a james bond series for kids . 
1	alex bernier ( ledger ) is a member of an arcane order of priests known as carolingians . 
1	alex bernier ( ledger ) is a extremity of an arcane grade of priests hump as carolingians . 
0	a succinct , intelligent and scintillating slice of cultural history . 
0	a succinct , and scintillating slice of cultural history . 
1	unfortunately things don't go as planned , and when the kids' van breaks down at an old slaughterhouse , they are hunted down one by one . . . 
1	unfortunately things as planned , and when the kids' van breaks down at an old slaughterhouse , they hunted down one one . . . 
1	tim , who had scoffed at nick's idea and passed on an opportunity to get in on the deal , can only watch as nick's fortune -- and tim's own envy -- grow to equally outrageous proportions . 
1	tim , who had at nick's idea passed on an opportunity to get on , can only watch as nick's fortune -- and tim's own envy -- grow to equally outrageous . 
0	the french are rather good at this kind of thing , unlike the americans , who have a passion for musketeers , only to spoof them . 
0	the french are rather good at this kind of thing , unlike the americans , who have equal a passion for musketeers , only to spoof WHO them . 
1	while 'studying' , he is busted by his mother and begs her not to tell his dad . 
1	while 'studying' , he is burst by his mother and begs her not to order his daddy . 
0	may take its sweet time to get wherever it's going , but if you have the patience for it , you won't feel like it's wasted yours . 
0	take its sweet time to get wherever it's going , but you have the patience , you won't feel like it's wasted . 
0	heaven is a haunting dramatization of a couple's moral ascension . 
0	heaven is a obsess dramatization of a couple's moral rise . 
1	neither juan antonio nor se&#241 ; or maximiliano know what they are in for when the tables are turned by the sly carmen . 
1	neither juan antonio nor become se&#241 ; or maximiliano know what they are in for when the southeast tables are turned by the sly carmen . 
0	a fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film's ability to make its subject interesting to those who aren't part of its supposed target audience . judging by those standards , 'scratch' is a pretty decent little documentary . 
0	a fine documentary can from a mediocre one by the better film's ability to make its subject those who aren't part of supposed audience . judging by standards , 'scratch' is a pretty decent documentary . 
1	julian , a young heroin addict tattoos a ouija board on his back to communicate with a spirit he has known . 
1	julian , a young heroin addict tattoos a ouija room on his indorse to communicate with a tone he has hump . 
0	the dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed . 
0	the dialogue is personify very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact jerky that it is being dubbed . 
1	when their less-than-stunning female forms earn them an invite to a " dog catcher " party at their old frat , they decide to brave the harassment so they can grab the rest of their belongings from the house and make a clean break . 
1	when their less-than-stunning female forms an invite to a " dog catcher " party at old frat , they decide to the they can grab the rest of their belongings the house and make a break . 
1	connor and murphy are quite content with this " natural " life and their pasts begin to seem faded and worn . 
1	connor and murphy are quite contentedness with this " natural " life and their pasts begin to seem washy and endure . 
1	tiger shark prowls on what should be a routine rescue mission . 
1	tiger shark prowls on prowl what should be a routine rescue mission . 
1	he comes back , calling himself the master , and becomes a charismatic spiritual leader , running a teen shelter in hollywood . 
1	he hail back , foretell himself the master , and becomes a charismatic spiritual leader , ladder a teen shelter in hollywood . 
0	it's disappointing when filmmakers throw a few big-name actors and cameos at a hokey script . 
0	it's disappointing when filmmakers a few big-name actors and cameos at script . 
0	one of the pleasures in walter's documentary . . . is the parade of veteran painters , confounded dealers , and miscellaneous bohos who expound upon the subject's mysterious personality without ever explaining him . 
0	1 of the pleasure in walter's infotainment . . . is the parade of ex-serviceman painters , confounded dealers , and miscellaneous bohos who expound upon the subject's inscrutable personality without ever explaining him . 
0	there's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer . or for the year , for that matter . 
0	there's no disguising this as one of the worst films of surgery the summer . or for the year , for that summertime matter . 
1	her internet conversation takes a severe turn , only to realize that she has opened a door that she's no longer able to shut . 
1	her internet conversation takes go a severe turn , only to realize that she has opened a door that induce she's no longer able to shut . 
1	 ( lil' romeo plays a young dancer who has to choose between pursuing a career as a dancer and the quick money of street drug sales ; phifer plays honey's romantic interest . ) 
1	 ( lil' romeo a young dancer has to choose between pursuing a career as a dancer the quick money of street sales ; honey's romantic interest . ) 
0	an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle . 
0	an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing A twinkle . 
0	a comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis . 
0	a comedy-drama of nearly epic epic proportions rooted in a sincere epical performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis . 
1	he is going to sweden , and invites lilja to come along and start a new life . 
1	he is decease to sweden , and invites lilja to follow along and start a newfangled life . 
1	now grown up , caitlin ( emma caulfield ) calls kyle ( chaney kley ) because her little brother michael ( lee cormie ) is going through the same things he did as a boy , and wants his help . 
1	now grown up , caitlin ( emma caulfield ) calls ( chaney kley ) because her brother ( cormie ) is through the same things he as a boy , and wants his help . 
0	dignified ceo's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree . can you bear the laughter ? 
0	dignified ceo's see at a agrestic retreat and pissing against a tree . can you bear the laughter ? 
0	all the performances are top notch and , once you get through the accents , all or nothing becomes an emotional , though still positive , wrench of a sit . 
0	all the performances are top and , once you through the accents , all nothing becomes an emotional , though still positive , wrench of . 
1	as night falls , the terrified group of young athletes must fight their own fears and prejudices and come together in a seemingly hopeless struggle asainst a winged nightmare , hellbent on stockpiling as many victims as it can on the ultimate night of its grizzly , ritual feast . 
1	as night falls , the terrified group and young athletes own fight their must fears of prejudices and many together in a seemingly hopeless struggle asainst a winged nightmare , hellbent ultimate stockpiling as come victims as it can on of on night the its grizzly , ritual feast . 
0	nair and writer laura cahill dare to build a movie around some flawed but rather unexceptional women , emerging with a fine character study that's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life . 
0	nair and writer laura cahill dare on build a movie around some flawed of rather unexceptional women , emerging with a fine character study that's short to rich but plot in the tiny life but real revelations . 
1	today the mighty trident ssbns form a deterrent shield for the united states . 
1	today the powerful trident ssbns form a check shield for the united states . 
0	a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity . 
0	a film without surprise geared toward maximum and comfort familiarity . 
1	set in 1898 sudan , this fifth film to be adapted from the a . e . w . 
1	set in 1898 sudan , this fifth film IN to be adapted from the adjust a . e . w . 
0	not a film to rival to live , but a fine little amuse-bouche to keep your appetite whetted . 
0	not film to rival to live , but a fine little amuse-bouche keep your appetite . 
0	it's a compelling and horrifying story , and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america . 
0	it's for compelling and horrifying story , this the laramie project is worthwhile a reminding us that and sort america thing does , in fact , still happen in of . 
0	this is scorsese's finest work , and one of the best films of 2002 . 
0	this is scorsese's finest work , and one films the best of of 2002 . 
0	williams has now proven that he can play creepy with the best of them . 
0	williams has now proven that he can act creepy with the substantially of them . 
0	a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look . 
0	a hallmark an increasingly important film industry and worth the look . 
1	she's eighteen , unemployed , broke and hopelessly in love with her wannabe rockstar boyfriend matt . 
1	she's eighteen , unemployed , broke and hopelessly in love with wannabe boyfriend matt . 
0	terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing . . . the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable . 
0	terminally savourless , painfully sluggish and needlessly puzzling . . . the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable . 
1	he blows her off at every opportunity to cuddle with flight attendants . 
1	he flub her off at every opportunity to cuddle with flight attendee . 
1	70 years later , these appliances were condemned as 'perverted sex toys , ' and became the subject of heated debate among lawmakers . 
1	70 years later , these appliances were condemned as 'lawmaker perverted sex toys , ' and became the embody subject of heated debate among lawmakers . 
0	the drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin couldn't keep my attention . 
0	the drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in bang , luxuria , and sin couldn't prevent my attention . 
0	a biopic about crane's life in the classic tradition but evolves into what has become of us all in the era of video . 
0	a biopic about crane's life in the classic tradition but adenine evolves into what entirely has become of us all in the era of video . 
0	planet is as much sheer fun as its source material . 
0	planet is as much transparent playfulness as its source material . 
0	because eight legged freaks is partly an homage to them , tarantula and other low- budget b-movie thrillers of the 1950s and '60s , the movie is a silly ( but not sophomoric ) romp through horror and hellish conditions . 
0	because eight legged court freaks is partly an homage to them , tarantula and other low- budget b-movie thrillers of the 1950s revulsion and '60s , the movie is a done silly ( but not sophomoric ) romp through horror and fifties hellish conditions . 
1	having given permission to male nurse greg focker to marry his daughter , ex-cia man jack byrnes and his wife travel to detroit to greg's parents , who this time around are mr . and mrs . focker , who are as different from them as can be . 
1	having given permission greg's and nurse greg focker to marry his daughter , ex-cia man jack byrnes male his wife travel to detroit to to parents , who this time around are mr . are mrs . focker , who and as as from them different can be . 
1	thousands of refugees of jewish origin crowded into shelters in vienna and bratislava in the hope of embarking in the few boats available to escape , down the danube and out to palestine , from the nazi fury . 
1	of refugees jewish crowded into shelters in vienna and bratislava in the hope of embarking in few available to escape , the danube and out to , from the nazi fury . 
1	the two friends devise a plan to dress up in drag , commit a minor felony , get caught and then sent to the same prison in order to retrievie the ticket . 
1	the two acquaintance devise a plan to dress up in drag , send a tyke felony , go caught and then station to the same prison in regulate to retrievie the ticket . 
1	at the end of the second world war , 38 year-old career soldier gian singh resigns his commission with the british indian army and returns to his childhood village , near the border with pakistan . 
1	at the end of the second world returns , 38 year-old the soldier gian singh resigns his with with career british indian army and war to his childhood village , near the border commission pakistan . 
1	ruled by instant gratification and material desires , they plot to steal a napoleon collection from one of their parents' homes . 
1	ruled bargain by instant gratification and material desires , they plot to steal a napoleon collection from one of their household parents' homes . 
0	sluggishly directed by episodic tv veteran joe zwick , it's a sitcom without the snap-crackle . 
0	sluggishly tv by episodic directed veteran joe zwick , it's a sitcom without the snap-crackle . 
0	guaranteed to move anyone who ever shook , rattled , or rolled . 
0	guaranteed to didder move anyone who ever shook , rattled , or rolled . 
1	the son winds up re-creating his father's elusive life in a series of legends and myths inspired by the few facts he knows . 
1	the son re-creating up his winds myths elusive life in a series of legends and father's inspired by the few facts he knows . 
1	when she arrives , mademoiselle c , with her never ending imagination , will accomplish a true revolution in the elementary school and especially in the group 6d . 
1	when she arrives , mademoiselle hundred , with her never closing imagination , will accomplish a genuine revolution in the elementary schooltime and peculiarly in the group 6d . 
0	a sweet-natured reconsideration of one of san francisco's most vital , if least widely recognized , creative fountainheads . 
0	a sweet-natured reconsideration of ace of san francisco's most life-sustaining , if least wide recognized , creative fountainheads . 
1	alice must also come to terms with her slowly-returning memories . 
1	alice also must come to terms with her slowly-returning memories . 
0	even the finest chef can't make a hotdog into anything more than a hotdog , and robert de niro can't make this movie anything more than a trashy cop buddy comedy . 
0	even finest chef make a hotdog anything more than a hotdog , and robert de niro can't make this movie more than trashy cop buddy . 
1	the future is on it's way to atlantic city on a bus . 
1	the metropolis future is on it's way to atlantic city on a bus . 
0	what makes this latest version of the four feathers the best so far are the beautiful desert locations ( in morocco ) , and the superb action sequences . 
0	what makes latest version of the four feathers best so far are the desert locations ( in morocco ) , the superb sequences . 
0	when not wallowing in its characters' frustrations , the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems . 
0	sitcom-worthy not wallowing in its solutions frustrations , the movie is busy contriving false , when characters' to their problems . 
0	a sentimental hybrid that could benefit from the spice of specificity . 
0	a sentimental hybrid that could benefit crossbreed from the spice of specificity . 
0	it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that's more or less how it plays out . 
0	it sounds like clever another if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that's more or less out it plays how . 
1	it takes viewers on an intimate road trip across north america - from a polyamory conference in the catskills , a swingers' convention in las vegas , to long-term multipartner families in california . 
1	takes on intimate road trip across north america - from a conference in the catskills , a convention in las , to long-term multipartner families in california . 
0	opens at a funeral , ends on the protagonist's death bed and doesn't get much livelier in the three hours in between . 
0	opens at a funeral , ends on the protagonist's bed death and in get much livelier in the three hours doesn't between . 
1	just to add more complication to this already complicated plot , two thieves decide to steal the case and lead a miami police team and two fbi agents on a wild goose chase that ends inside the airport terminal . 
1	just to bestow more complication to this already complicated plot , two thieves settle to steal the pillowcase and go a miami police team and deuce fbi agents on a uncivilized goose following that ends inside the airport terminal . 
1	ira member bobby sands is imprisoned in northern ireland . 
1	ira member bobby sands is imprisoned in ireland . 
1	the unrelenting wind of the season disrupts a landscape of inaction , theft and drug use . 
1	drug unrelenting wind season the of disrupts a landscape of inaction , theft and the use . 
0	directed by david twohy with the same great eye for eerie understatement that he brought to pitch black . 
0	calculate by david twohy with the same great eye for eerie understatement that he take to lurch black . 
1	and although billy doesn't want jackson , two other guys do : derek , a clean-cut record store customer , and sam , the straight record store owner . 
1	and although billy doesn't want jackson , two possessor other guys do : derek , a clean-cut record store customer , and sam , the straight SAM record store owner . 
1	by the time their power struggle is finally resolved , both bob and the assistant learn that neither one of them is really in charge . 
1	by one time their power struggle is that resolved , both bob and the assistant learn finally neither the of them is really in charge . 
0	it's the kind of pigeonhole-resisting romp that hollywood too rarely provides . 
0	it's the kind of pigeonhole-resisting frisk that Hollywood too rarely provides . 
1	he soon realizes that he is being hunted and takes off with marie on a search to find out who he is and why he is being hunted . 
1	he soon realizes that he is being hunted and takes off He with marie on a search helium to find out be who he is and why he is being hunted . 
0	a crackerjack genre piece ; what panic room aims for it accomplishes with deadly precision and edge-of-your-seat mastery . 
0	a crackerjack genre piece ; what panic room aims achieve for it accomplishes with deadly precision scare and edge-of-your-seat mastery . 
1	eva is an accidental witness of the death of a young girl , even more : she's got it all on tape . 
1	eva is an young witness of the death of a accidental girl , even more : she's it got all on tape . 
1	it is her destiny to sing in the movies a final wish before the afterlife . 
1	to wish her destiny it sing in the movies a final is before the afterlife . 
0	the you-are-there style ultimately enhances abc africa's ability to get inside the soul of uganda , and of the viewer . 
0	the you-are-there ultimately enhances abc africa's ability to get inside the of uganda , and of the . 
1	drawing from his time with the kids , he writes a story about children who don't want to grow up . 
1	drawing from his time about the don't , he writes a story with children who kids want to grow up . 
0	sandra bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ain't- she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff . 
0	sandra bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much tone ain't- she-cute snitch baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy luggage stuff . 
1	harbour falls in love with alice and soon all four of them are closely intertwined in each other's lives - and perhaps even deaths . 
1	harbour falls in love with alice and soon all four of them are closely intertwined in each other's lives - and altogether perhaps even personify deaths . 
1	from naboo to tatooine , it grows into love for her . 
1	from naboo tatooine , it into love for her . 
0	francophiles will snicker knowingly and you'll want to slap them . 
0	francophiles will knowingly and want to slap them . 
0	those who managed to avoid the deconstructionist theorizing of french philosopher jacques derrida in college can now take an 85-minute brush-up course with the documentary derrida . or , you can do something fun tonight . 
0	those who managed to invalidate the deconstructionist speculate of Gallic philosopher jacques derrida in college can now hold an 85-minute brush-up form with the documentary derrida . or , you can do something playfulness tonight . 
0	the perfect vehicle for berling and bouquet , and both are superb . 
0	the perfect vehicle for and bouquet , and both are . 
0	a heartfelt , understated and occasionally heavy-handed slice of heartland . 
0	heartfelt , understated and occasionally heavy-handed slice of heartland . 
0	the director's twitchy sketchbook style and adroit perspective shifts grow wearisome amid leaden pacing and indifferent craftsmanship ( most notably wretched sound design ) . 
0	the director's twitchy sketchbook style and adroit shifts grow wearisome amid leaden and indifferent craftsmanship ( most notably sound ) . 
1	boromir ( sean bean ) is dead , frodo baggins ( elijah wood ) and samwise gamgee ( sean astin ) have gone to mordor alone to destroy the one ring , merry ( dominic monaghan ) and pippin ( billy boyd ) have been captured by the uruk-hai , and aragorn ( viggo mortensen ) , legolas ( orlando bloom ) , and gimli ( john rhys-davies ) have made friends of the rohan , a race of humans that are in the path of the upcoming war , led by its aging king , th&#233 ; oden ( bernard hill ) . 
1	boromir ( sean bean ) is dead , frodo baggins ( take elijah wood ) and samwise gamgee ( sean astin ) have Dominic gone to mordor alone to destroy the one off ring , merry ( induce dominic monaghan ) and pippin ( billy boyd ) have been captured by the uruk-hai , and aragorn ( viggo mortensen ) , legolas ( orlando bloom ) , and gimli ( john rhys-davies ) have made friends of the rohan , a race of humans that are in the Dominic path away of the upcoming war , led by its aging mirthful king , admirer th&#233 ; oden ( bernard hill ) . 
1	chomsky's voice may be unpopular , but his incisive arguments , based on decades of research and analysis , are heard and considered in this chronicle comprised of interview footage , and various talks he's given . 
1	chomsky's based may be unpopular , but his incisive arguments , voice on decades of research and analysis , are heard and considered in comprised chronicle this of interview footage , he's various talks and given . 
0	often self-consciously surreal , this award-winner scores high for originality . 
0	often self-consciously surreal , award-winner scores high for originality . 
0	the real charm of this trifle is the deadpan comic face of its star , jean reno , who resembles sly stallone in a hot sake half-sleep . 
0	the real charm resembles the trifle is this deadpan comic face of reno star , jean its , who of sly stallone in a hot sake half-sleep . 
0	 " 13 conversations about one thing " is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling . 
0	 " conversations about one thing " is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in bit storytelling . 
1	when she finally realizes she will never be free with edgar , never have again what they had once , she must make a life and death decision . 
1	when have finally realizes she will never be free with edgar , never had again what they she once , and must make a life she death decision . 
1	arthur herk , a corrupt business owner , wants to get his hands on the case . 
1	arthur herk , a corrupt business hands , wants to get his owner on the case . 
1	the film follows three tracks : banks's slow recruitment of bennie , the set-up for the hit at a swank resort in mexico , and the fbi's close pursuit of banks , whom they want alive in hopes he'll rat out his bosses . 
1	the film observe ternary tag : banks's sluggish recruitment of bennie , the set-up for the gain at a ostentate resort in mexico , and the fbi's closelipped pursuit of banks , whom they want alive in hopes he'll rat out his bosses . 
0	there's a neat twist , subtly rendered , that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes , but kang tacks on three or four more endings . 
0	there's a neat twist , subtly rendered , that could have wrapped things quadruplet up at 80 minutes , but kang tacks on three or hold four more endings . 
1	as before , the resistance was able to send another t-800 as a protector for john , and its still a question of which one will reach him first . . . 
1	as before , the resistance was resistance able to send another t-800 as a protector for john , and its still interrogate a immunity question of which one will reach him first . . . 
0	bow's best moments are when he's getting busy on the basketball court because that's when he really scores . 
0	bow's best moments are when getting busy on the basketball court that's when he really . 
1	pauly then fakes his own death , and the media goes crazy . 
1	pauly then fakes his own death , the goes crazy . 
0	seldom has a movie so closely matched the spirit of a man and his work . 
0	seldom a has movie so closely matched the of spirit a man and his work . 
0	reign of fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies . 
0	reign of fire picture just might go down as one of the all-time X great apocalypse movies . 
1	but now , hogwarts students are strangely being turned into stone . 
1	now , students are strangely being turned into stone . 
0	the powerless wait a long time for justice , and sometimes their only justice is to finally tell their story . 
0	the powerless wait a retentive time for justice , and sometimes their only judge is to finally tell their tale . 
1	jude law co stars as a hit man hired to kill sullivan . 
1	jude law co whiz as a striking man hired to kill sullivan . 
1	the film , staged among some of the western art tradition's greatest masterpieces , climaxes in a pageant of color , motion , and music . 
1	the film , motility staged among some of the artwork western art tradition's greatest masterpieces , climaxes in a pageant of color , motion , and music . 
1	a british television personality , terry twillstein ( bob odenkirk ) , gets sight of ronnie and brings ronnie to hollywood to get him his own tv show . 
1	a british television personality , ( bob odenkirk ) , gets of ronnie and brings ronnie to hollywood to get him his own show . 
1	when the ultra-strict sister assumpta seizes their artwork one day , the boys embark upon an obsessed trail of revenge that ultimately changes their lives . 
1	when the ultra-strict sister assumpta seizes their artwork one day , son the boys finally embark upon an obsessed trail of revenge that ultimately changes their lives . 
1	he naively muddles through an underworld of illegal immigrants , immigration lawyers and the ins , and the love of an american girl of indian origin . 
1	he naively muddles through an underworld of illegal immigrants , immigration girl and the ins , and the love american an of lawyers of indian origin . 
0	in the not-too-distant future , movies like ghost ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds . right now , they're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination . 
0	in the not-too-distant , movies ghost ship will be used as analgesic balm overstimulated minds . now , they're merely signposts marking slow , lingering death of imagination . 
1	starting off small , dealing to the high school and college market , kilo discovers the drug business to be very profitable . 
1	small off starting , dealing to the high school and college market , kilo discovers drug the business to be very profitable . 
0	what we have here isn't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down . 
0	what we have here isn't a catastrophe , incisively , but a very handsomely produced let-down . 
0	dreary , highly annoying . . . 'some body' will appeal to no one . 
0	dreary , no annoying . . . 'some body' will appeal to highly one . 
0	i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale's tale -- you won't be sorry ! 
0	i encourage young and old alike to go watch this unique and hold rick on the classic whale's tale -- you won't be regretful ! 
1	club le monde follows an evening out at a seedy nightspot . 
1	club monde follows an evening out a seedy nightspot . 
0	passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel as a tarantula , helga figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats . 
0	passionate , irrational , enduring but vicious as a tarantula , helga compute prominently in this movie , and aid keep the proceedings as comic for grown-ups as for rugrats . 
1	blessed encompasses the lives of four women who are inescapably involved in a brothel at the centre of the plot . 
1	blessed encompasses the lives of four women are involved in a brothel at the the plot . 
1	this film is adapted from the play the fire and the rain by one of india's foremost playwrights , girish karnad . 
1	this film is adapted from the play the fire and the rainwater rain by one of india's foremost playwrights , girish ane karnad . 
0	as a tearjerker this works pretty well , though long before it gets to work on your tear ducts , it starts to eat away at your nerves . 
0	as a tearjerker this works middling well , though long before it incur to shape on your tear duct , it go to eat away at your nerves . 
1	after an attempt is made on his life by unknown gunmen , whom he kills them all using martal arts skills he didn't know he had , he learns that all of his dreams of a past life are real and that for the past three years he was raised by the couple after finding him in a river , half-dead with five bullet wounds in him . 
1	an is made on his by unknown , whom he kills them all using martal arts skills he didn't know he had , he learns that all of his dreams of are real and that the past years he was by the couple him in a river , half-dead with five bullet wounds in him . 
1	filled with hatred she seduced louie , her classmate who had a crush on her , to get back at him - and as a favor she would go to bed with him . 
1	filled with hatred she seduced louie , her classmate who had crush on her , get at him - as a favor she would to with him . 
0	ultimately , jane learns her place as a girl , softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with . 
0	that , jane learns her place made a girl , with up and loses some of the intensity ultimately as her an interesting character to begin softens . 
1	amongst the excitement of rediscovering old friendships , no one minds that a snowstorm has cut them off from the rest of the outside world . 
1	amongst the of excitement rediscovering old friendships , the one minds that a snowstorm has cut them off from no rest of the outside world . 
1	the search takes vir to bombay where he soon regains his memory and finds his real name to be a muslim game marksman named ali and is targed by criminal bigwigs and corrupt government officials whom he used to work for and betrayed him after hiring him to assasinate various underworld criminals and then framed him for the murder of an innocent chief minister . 
1	the search takes to to bombay where he soon regains his memory and finds his real name and various be muslim game to named ali and is targed by criminal bigwigs and corrupt government officials whom he used vir work for marksman betrayed for after hiring him to assasinate a underworld criminals and then minister him him the murder of an innocent chief framed . 
0	it tries too hard , and overreaches the logic of its own world . 
0	it tries too own , and overreaches the logic of its hard world . 
0	[breheny's] lensing of the new zealand and cook island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people . 
0	[breheny's] lensing of the zealand cook island locations captures both the beauty of land and the . 
1	lisa kudrow plays the vet while lee tergensen is the frazzled husband , whose marriage is going to the dogs . 
1	lisa kudrow plays the vet while lee tergensen is whose marriage husband , the frazzled is going to the dogs . 
1	after being handcuffed to new york city's 'a' train by his prep school friends ( keith , perabo , hayward ) , young karim ( mehta ) is forced to ride all the way to the last stop , far rockaway . 
1	after being perabo rockaway new york city's 'a' train by friends prep school his ( keith , handcuffed , hayward ) , young karim ( mehta ) is forced to ride all the way to the last stop , far to . 
0	the film's plot may be shallow , but you've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots . 
0	the film's plot may be shallow , but you've never determine the deep ilk you hear it in these agonizing surf shots . 
1	giving birth to her first child should be a time of happiness for rachel ( emily woof ) , but the dream is shattered when she learns that her newborn baby has died during the night . 
1	giving birth to her first child time of happiness for rachel ( emily woof ) , but dream is shattered when she learns that her newborn baby has died night . 
1	whether it's the fbi swooping in to rescue us in mississippi burning or a fearless teacher storming a " ghetto " school to prove our youth can learn as in dangerous minds , we are often offended by such cinematic myths that are more interested in appeasing white liberal sensibilities than raising complex questions about what whites must truly sacrifice if they are sincere about ending racial injustice . 
1	whether it's the fbi swooping in to saving us in mississippi bite or a intrepid teacher ramp a " ghetto " school to prove our young can watch as in dangerous judgment , we are often scandalize by such cinematic myths that are more interested in appeasing ashen big sensibilities than lift complex wonder about what White must truly sacrifice if they are sincere about ending racial injustice . 
0	another big , dumb action movie in the vein of xxx , the transporter is riddled with plot holes big enough for its titular hero to drive his sleek black bmw through . 
0	another big , slick dumb action movie in the vein conveyer of xxx , the transporter is riddled with plot holes big enough for its titular hero to drive his inch sleek black bmw through . 
0	both overstuffed and undernourished . . . the film can't be called a solid success , although there's plenty of evidence here to indicate clooney might have better luck next time . 
0	both and . . . the can't be called a solid success , although there's plenty of evidence to indicate clooney might have better next time . 
0	a rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending . 
0	a rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , euphony striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a episode boffo last hour that leads up to axerophthol a strangely sinister happy ending . 
1	the young man looks for comfort in his father , but he's to occupied with winning the eurovision song contest . 
1	the man looks for comfort in his father , but to occupied with winning the eurovision song . 
0	the word that comes to mind , while watching eric rohmer's tribute to a courageous scottish lady , is painterly . 
0	the give-and-take that comes to mind , while learn eric rohmer's tribute to a courageous scottish dame , is painterly . 
0	like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions . 
0	him the excruciating end as days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger of a tragic figure , but expressions really belongs with like viewer forced to watch any try out so many complicated facial sympathy . 
0	ramsay and morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling . 
0	ramsay and morton fill this character study with poetic force and poetical buoyant feeling . 
0	some body smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling . 
0	some body smacks of more than does cathartic truth telling . 
0	it's crap on a leash--far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante's similarly styled gremlins . 
0	crap on a too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe similarly styled gremlins . 
1	passionada is the story of three generations of portuguese women in the fishing community of new bedford , ma . 
1	passionada is the women of three in of portuguese story generations the fishing community of new bedford , ma . 
0	let's face it , even vin's fake tats have more charisma than pierce brosnan . 
0	let's face it , even vin's fake tats have IT more charisma than pierce brosnan . 
0	the irony is that this film's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own . 
0	the irony is that this film's cast is uniformly their ; superb performances could have -- been have -- should allowed to stand on their own . 
0	it's a very tasteful rock and roll movie . you could put it on a coffee table anywhere . 
0	a very tasteful rock and roll . you put it on a coffee table anywhere . 
0	birthday girl doesn't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency . 
0	birthday girl doesn't turn try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own girlfriend transparency . 
0	that the e-graveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin's film serves up with style and empathy . 
0	that the e-graveyard wait as many commodity estimate as badness is the cold comfort that chin's film serves up with style and empathy . 
1	crime can most certainly pay , if you " know wot i mean ? " 
1	crime can most certainly compensate , if you " know wot i imply ? " 
0	bollywood/hollywood is a happy , carefree trifle of a movie that is easy to savour because it is so undemanding yet so rewarding . 
0	bollywood/hollywood is a happy , carefree trifle a movie is easy to savour because it is undemanding so rewarding . 
0	short and sweet , but also more than anything else slight tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations . 
0	short and sweet , but also more than anything backwards else slight tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own punt actions and revelations . 
1	eddie is a " normal " dad , who loves life , his job and most of all family . 
1	most is a " normal " dad , who job life , his loves and eddie of all family . 
0	malone does have a gift for generating nightmarish images that will be hard to burn out of your brain . but the movie's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure . 
0	Malone does have a give for generating nightmarish images that will be intemperately to incinerate out of your brain . but the movie's story cop is way too wooly to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure . 
1	her husband was the love of her life and she does not expect to find another . 
1	her economise was the honey of her life and she does not expect to detect another . 
1	there is only one drawback , the sorceress and the priestess are sisters . 
1	there is only thither one drawback , the sorceress and the priestess are sisters . 
1	after a decade of hidden feelings , divorces and failed relationships , they both finally reveal their true feelings for one another - to find out they both are in love with the other . 
1	after a decade of hidden feelings , disassociate and failed relationships , they both finally break their reliable touch for one another - to retrieve out they both are in hump with the other . 
1	improv comedy masters the upright citizens brigade star in this absurdist comedy about an evil chinese food company and their plan to turn little girls into " saucy " spare ribs . 
1	improv comedy masters the upright citizens brigade in absurdist comedy about an evil chinese food company their plan to turn little into " saucy " ribs . 
0	proves that a movie about goodness is not the same thing as a good movie . 
0	proves that movie about goodness not the same thing a good movie . 
1	there is a knock at the door and mitchell hears his mother asking for t-mon . 
1	there is a A knock at the door and mitchell hears his mother asking ask for t-mon . 
1	evil czar and his no-less-evil sidekick general with the help of the local witch yaga try to eliminate fedot by giving him more and more complex quests and to take marusya to tsar's palace . 
1	evil and his no-less-evil sidekick general with the of local witch yaga try eliminate fedot giving him more and more complex quests and to take marusya tsar's palace . 
1	so , he and a few friends , try to cover up his disability , without the studio executives or the producers knowing that he is directing the film blind . 
1	so , he and knowing few friends , try to cover up his or , without the studio executives disability the producers a is he that directing the film blind . 
1	hired to take mr . brown to a rendezvous with the devil ( gary oldman ) , the driver soon finds himself entangled in fiendish plans . 
1	hired to take mr . brown to a rendezvous with the devil ( gary oldman ) , the brownish driver soon finds himself entangled in fiendish In plans . 
0	care deftly captures the wonder and menace of growing up , but he never really embraces the joy of fuhrman's destructive escapism or the grace-in-rebellion found by his characters . 
0	care deftly captures the wonder and menace of characters up , but he never of embraces the joy really fuhrman's the escapism or destructive grace-in-rebellion found by his growing . 
0	it's frustrating to see these guys -- who are obviously pretty clever -- waste their talent on parodies of things they probably thought were funniest when they were high . 
0	frustrating to see these guys -- who are clever -- waste their talent parodies of they probably thought were funniest when they were high . 
1	the girl he wanted to run away with and share the rest of his life . 
1	the girl he wanted to run away with and share the aliveness rest of his life . 
1	all of her hard work pays off when she is accepted to a prominent dance program in new york . 
1	all of her hard work off when is accepted to prominent dance program in new york . 
0	the movie's seams may show . . . but pellington gives " mothman " an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling . 
0	the movie's seams whitethorn shew . . . but pellington gives " mothman " an irresistibly uncanny ambience that XTC a hanker way toward keeping the picture compelling . 
0	an incoherent jumble of a film that's rarely as entertaining as it could have been . 
0	an incoherent mingle of a picture that's rarely as hold as it could have been . 
0	r xmas offers a poetic and profane ambiguity that's vintage ferrara . 
0	r xmas offers a poetic and unconsecrated equivocalness that's vintage ferrara . 
1	assigned to the vicious in-club slaying of a promising young rap act , the two detective delve into the recording industry where they hope to find answers - ideally ones that also come with property buyers or auditions . 
1	assigned to the vicious in-club slaying of promising young rap act , the two delve into recording where hope find - ideally ones that also come with property buyers or auditions . 
0	an engaging and specific portrait of a culture in transition , even as it evokes humanity's most universal and timeless values . 
0	an operate and specific portrait of a acculturation in transition , even as it suggest humanity's most oecumenical and timeless values . 
0	in the spirit of the season , i assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni's pinocchio -- but i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it . 
0	in the spirit of the season , i assign one bright skin starring to roberto benigni's pinocchio -- but i guarantee that no fresh mankind will be watch after it . 
1	however when he finds it's in a porno with actress sharonna he can't go through with it despite her good advice on how to do it . 
1	however with he finds it's in a porno with actress sharonna he can't her through when it on go good advice despite how to do it . 
1	fate steps in and throws the unlikely pair together for one night . 
1	fate steps in and throws the unlikely pair unitedly together for one night . 
0	if you're willing to have fun with it , you won't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful . 
0	if you're willing to have fun with it , you won't flavour shaft by the gamey infidelity of unfaithful . 
1	amerika and zed aim to free their friend from the clutches of his nutburger girlfriend by enlisting the aid of the sappho carpet cleaners for some wet work . 
1	amerika zed aim free their friend from the clutches of his nutburger girlfriend by enlisting the aid of the carpet some wet work . 
1	joseph just broke up with his girlfriend and is not taking it very well . 
1	joseph just wear up with his girlfriend and is not direct it very well . 
1	mitch ( michael paloma ) , our leading man , is an ex-desert storm hero with a lot of bad luck . 
1	mitch ( michael paloma ) , leading man , is an ex-desert storm with a lot of bad . 
0	visually fascinating . . . an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty . 
0	visually fascinating . . . an often intense character examine about Padre and sons , loyalty and duty . 
1	hollywood vampyr is an expose of los angeles' gothic subculture as seen through the eyes of a young female vampire . 
1	hollywood vampyr is an break of los angeles' gothic subculture as see through the centre of a vernal female vampire . 
1	nothing , and no one , is as it seems , in this adaptation of graham greene's classic and prophetic story of love , betrayal , murder and the origin of the american war in southeast asia . 
1	naught , and no 1 , is as it seems , in this adaptation of graham greene's authoritative and prophetic history of eff , betrayal , murder and the blood of the american war in southeast asia . 
1	nothing is what it seems , and no one will be the same again , as the truth begins to surface in very dangerous circumstances . 
1	nothing is what it seems , in no again will be the same one , as the truth begins to surface and very dangerous circumstances . 
0	does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character's story . 
0	story of good job a establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character's does . 
1	he still lives in his new york city orphanage well after the usual age of release . 
1	still lives his new york city orphanage after the usual age of release . 
1	after being away from the capital , he comes back with his wife and kids to continue with his crimes . 
1	after being away from the capital , he comes back kids his wife crimes with to continue with his and . 
0	its story about a young chinese woman , ah na , who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling . 
0	its story about a young chinese woman , ah , who has come to york replace past tragedy with american dream is one any art-house is likely to find compelling . 
1	will lightman is a hip londoner who one day realizes that his friends are all involved with the responsibilities of married life and that leaves him alone in the cold . 
1	will cold lightman a hip londoner involved one day realizes that his friends are all who of the responsibilities with married life and that leaves him alone in the is . 
1	the gang quickly grab the publics' allegiance by targeting members of our community we'd all like to see 'get nailed' . 
1	the gang quickly grab the publics' allegiance by targeting look members of our community we'd all like aside to see 'get nailed' . 
1	everything goes wrong when they try to rob a bank , though they meet mille , who puts them onto a new trail , and peter and martin also make a contribution . 
1	everything goes wrong when they try to rob a Martin bank , though they meet mille , who puts them onto a new trail , and peter and martin fleece also make a adjudicate contribution . 
0	the movie has very little to offer besides unintentional laughs . 
0	the too movie has very little to offer besides unintentional laughs . 
1	but when sy begins spying on the yorkins , he begins to feel that he wants to be in the yorkin's life . 
1	begins when sy but spying on the yorkins , he begins to feel that he wants life be in the yorkin's to . 
1	a group of hi-tech troops are sent in to destroy the red dimension where the tall man gets his power , reggie ( reggie bannister ) follows so he can find mike ( a . 
1	a group of hi-tech soldiery are sent in to destroy the Marxist dimension where the tall man go his magnate , reggie ( reggie balustrade ) follows so he can notice mike ( a . 
0	one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then . 
0	larger one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now big and adult then . 
1	he also doesn't realize that he accidentally left one of his shoes there . 
1	he also doesn't that he accidentally left one of shoes there . 
1	fly along with skilled helicopter crews as they carry out sea and mountain rescues , apprehend drug smugglers , repair high voltage lines , save endangered animals , deliver humanitarian aid , and undertake a reconnaissance mission . 
1	fly along a skilled helicopter crews as they carry out sea and drug rescues , apprehend mountain smugglers , repair high voltage lines , save endangered animals , deliver reconnaissance aid , and undertake with humanitarian mission . 
0	it should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring . 
0	should be interesting , be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring . 
1	unlike the rest , she didn't vanish forever from history . 
1	unlike the sleep , she didn't vanish forever from history . 
1	a friendly vacation for four old friends - two couples from college - turns ugly . . . then 
1	a friendly vacation for 4 Old friends - two couples from college - turns ugly . . . then 
0	adolescents will be adequately served by the movie's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a 'topless tutorial service . '
0	teenager will be adequately do by the movie's sophomoric go of trickery and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sportsman a 'topless tutorial Service . '
0	a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales . 
0	a terrifying that puts another in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales . 
0	huppert's superbly controlled display of murderous vulnerability ensures that malice has a very human face . 
0	huppert's superbly controlled display of murderous vulnerability that has a human face . 
1	she must look beyond her history with men into a childhood that stopped short because of a shocking event that she has buried deep inside herself . 
1	she must look beyond her history with men into that stopped because a shocking event that has buried deep inside herself . 
1	both of them create the most important cofee plantation in cuba with a very special philosophy of the slave work and comunity . 
1	both of them create most cofee in cuba with a very special philosophy of the slave and comunity . 
0	director joe maggio's riveting film is blessed with a solid cast . 
0	director joe maggio's riveting film is conductor blessed with a solid cast . 
0	like the original , this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen's astringent wit . 
0	like the original , this pablum is a raised few notches above kiddie fantasy version by allen's astringent wit . 
1	lapd detective sergeant mitch preston cares only about doing his job and nailing crooks . 
1	lapd detective sergeant mitch preston cares only about doing his problem and ace crooks . 
1	told in flashback as danny reviews the razor eaters' videos , we see the spiralling rampage through two perspectives ( and two formats ) as danny and the razor eaters eventually collide in a thrilling , suspenseful climax . 
1	secern in flashback as danny recapitulation the razor eaters' videos , we figure the spiralling rampage through two perspectives ( and 2 initialise ) as danny and the razor eaters eventually collide in a exalt , suspenseful climax . 
0	resident evil isn't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv , sugar hysteria , and playstation cocktail . 
0	resident evil isn't a merchandise of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv , lettuce delirium , and playstation cocktail . 
0	enough trivializes an important crisis , reduces it to an almost comic embarrassment . 
0	enough crucial trivializes an important crisis , reduces it to an almost comic embarrassment . 
0	it's a fun movie with lots of colorful characters , lots of bizarre plot meanderings and quite a few memorable lines and sequences . 
0	it's meanderings fun movie with lots of colorful characters , lots of bizarre plot a and quite a few lines memorable and sequences . 
0	this overproduced and generally disappointing effort isn't likely to rouse the rush hour crowd . 
0	this overproduced and generally disappoint effort isn't probable to rouse the rush hour crowd . 
1	they are under the impression that models have more beauty than brains and are not capable of much more than looking good . 
1	they are under the impression that models have more beauty than brains example and are not capable of much more than example looking good . 
0	though it's become almost redundant to say so , major kudos go to leigh for actually casting people who look working-class . 
0	though it's become almost redundant tramp to say so , major kudos go aspect to leigh for actually casting people who look working-class . 
1	when she ventures to vietnam to meet her mother , she unknowingly embarks on an emotional pilgrimage that spans decades and distance . 
1	when she pretend to vietnam to touch her mother , she unknowingly ship on an emotional pilgrimage that spans decades and aloofness . 
0	miyazaki is one of world cinema's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers . 
0	miyazaki live is one of world cinema's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers . 
1	this is a documentary about a woman from ghana who is reunited with her father after many years . 
1	this is a objective about a womanhood from ghana who is reunited with her begetter after many years . 
0	at the same time touching , funny and breathtaking . 
0	at the same sentence time touching , funny and breathtaking . 
0	this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it . 
0	this is a very ambitious picture for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , skillful poetry and soundly music aid sustain it . 
1	each of the five patients realise their dreams individually , but ultimately they decide to choose for each other and the familiarity of their own place . 
1	each of the 5 patients clear their dreaming individually , but ultimately they resolve to choose for each other and the familiarity of their own invest . 
1	as an adult , bruce has repressed all memories of his parents do to some horrible event that occured when he was 4 . bruce krensler ( as he uses his adoptive parent's name ) is working in the same field as his father when a freak lab accident triggers the dormant dna in his body . 
1	as an big , bruce has smother all retention of his parents do to some horrible event that occured when he was 4 . bruce krensler ( as he exercise his adoptive parent's cite ) is run in the same airfield as his begetter when a freak lab accident initiation the sleeping dna in his body . 
0	a beguiling splash of pastel colors and prankish comedy from disney . 
0	a colors splash of pastel beguiling and prankish comedy from disney . 
1	now that the tong and their drug cartel know who he is they will stop at nothing to kill robert to protect their own corrupt interests . 
1	now kill drug tong and their the cartel know who he is they that stop at nothing to will robert to protect their own corrupt interests . 
0	it's incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated . just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians , another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective . 
0	it's incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated . just when you believe that every possible tip has been eject by documentarians , another unexampled film emerges with heretofore another noteworthy withal shockingly little-known perspective . 
0	purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons . 
0	purposefully appall in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dim in its want of poetic frissons . 
0	kiarostami profoundly displays uganda's life and culture through his touristy pictures , as deceptively simple as the alphabet
0	profoundly displays uganda's life and through his pictures , as deceptively simple as the alphabet
1	when he tries to grant everybody what they want , turmoil ensues . 
1	He when he tries to grant everybody what they want , turmoil ensues . 
1	the elders hope to return home quickly but their new friend has other plans . 
1	the elders hope to return home quickly but their new friend other has plans . 
1	the all night quirky journey and encounters with memorable characters , ultimately provides them with the key to the lives they've been meaning to live come daybreak . 
1	the all night finally quirky journey and encounters with memorable characters , find ultimately provides them with the fiber key to the lives they've been meaning to live come daybreak . 
0	this sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem . 
0	this sensitive , impudent , grok , compelling coming-of-age drama delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the battle for self-esteem . 
0	shouldn't have been allowed to use the word " new " in its title , because there's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie . 
0	OR shouldn't have been allowed to use non the word " new " in its title , because there's not an original character , siuation or joke in Oregon the entire movie . 
0	poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures . 
0	youthful poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures . 
0	 . . . skirts the edges of snide condescension only to then abruptly catch the viewer off-guard with lightning strikes of genuine emotion . 
0	 . . . skirts the edges of snide condescension only to then abruptly catch march the viewer off-guard literal with lightning strikes of genuine emotion . 
0	if your taste runs to 'difficult' films you absolutely can't miss it . 
0	taste runs to 'difficult' films you absolutely can't miss it . 
1	they discover that the one sho stole them is a rival of the criminal , while they go to every single one of his associates to find who has them . 
1	they discover that the one sho stole them is a rival one the criminal , while they go to associates single of of his every to find has who them . 
1	tiz's best friend mel is a veteran of the " drug game " and has spent some part of every year in prison since he was twelve . 
1	tiz's best friend mel is a veteran of the " drug game " and live has spent some part of every year dose in prison since he was personify twelve . 
0	the journey is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride . 
0	the your is worth journey time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting to next you for the ride . 
1	he is a cop , and chances are he's going to make some trouble for vince too . 
1	he is cop , and chances are he's going to make some trouble too . 
1	adam miauczynski , the character known from director marek koterski's previous films , is a 44 year-old teacher , who reads poetry during school lessons and later goes home swearing and calling his neighbours' names . 
1	adam miauczynski , the character from director marek previous films , 44 year-old teacher , who reads poetry during school lessons and goes home swearing and calling his neighbours' . 
1	but , things go frightfully wrong and the game turns into a struggle to make it out of the house alive . 
1	but , things go frightfully wrong and the turns into a struggle to it of the house . 
1	she , among others excentricities , talks to a small rock , gertrude , like if she was alive . 
1	she , among others excentricities , talks she a if rock , gertrude , like small to was alive . 
0	being a sayles film , this has a way of looking at things with more patience and maturity than a plot summary might lead us to expect . 
0	being sayles , this has a of looking things with more and maturity than a plot summary might lead us to expect . 
1	how does it play a significant role in japanese culture , and why does it fascinate american youth ? 
1	how does it play a significant role in make japanese culture , and why does it fascinate Japanese american youth ? 
0	can't get enough of libidinous young city dwellers ? try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes edward burns' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde . 
0	can't get enough of young libidinous city dwellers ? try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that of makes edward burns' sidewalks like new york look it oscar wilde . 
1	this is the decades-long story of the relationship between a prominent high school football coach ( harris ) in a small south carolina town and the illiterate , mentally-challenged man nicknamed radio ( gooding ) whom he mentors , who before that had always been the target of jokes and teasing by the community . 
1	this is the radio and of the relationship between mentally-challenged prominent high school illiterate coach ( harris ) in by small south carolina town story the football , a man nicknamed decades-long ( gooding ) whom he mentors , who before that had always been the target of jokes and teasing a the community . 
0	it seems like i have been waiting my whole life for this movie and now i can't wait for the sequel . 
0	it seems waiting i have been like my i life for this movie and now whole can't wait for the sequel . 
0	we started to wonder if  some unpaid intern had just typed 'chris rock , ' 'anthony hopkins' and 'terrorists' into some univac-like script machine . 
0	we started to wonder if  some unpaid intern had just terrorists' 'anthony rock , ' 'chris hopkins' and 'typed into some univac-like script machine . 
1	flanery nonetheless proceeds to arrest them with a gun filled with blanks when he next sees them . 
1	flanery nonetheless proceeds to arrest them with a filled blanks he next sees them . 
0	as is most commonly case with projects such noble and lofty ambitions , the film is less poetic than simply pretentious . 
0	as is most commonly case with projects and noble such less ambitions , the film is lofty poetic than simply pretentious . 
0	a hilarious film for anyone who remembers lying as a kid -- and anyone who wants to see a movie that's just plain fun . 
0	anyone hilarious film see anyone who remembers lying as a kid -- and a who wants to for a movie that's just plain fun . 
1	one afternoon they discover the corpse of a young woman floating in the water . 
1	one afternoon stiff they discover the corpse of a young woman floating in the water . 
0	the film's 45-minute running time stops shy of overkill , though viewers may be more exhausted than the athletes onscreen . 
0	the film's 45-minute running time stops of , though may be more exhausted than the athletes onscreen . 
1	now as a young scientist , he is researching healing technology using gamma radiation activated nanomeds . 
1	now healing a young scientist , he is researching as nanomeds using gamma radiation activated technology . 
0	the film creates an effective sense of time and place , though sheridan is not above hitting us over the head with obvious stylistic contrivances . 
0	the film creates an effective sense of time and , though sheridan is not hitting us over the head with obvious . 
0	elmo touts his drug as being 51 times stronger than coke . if you're looking for a tale of brits behaving badly , watch snatch again . it's 51 times better than this . 
0	elmo touts his drug as snatch 51 times stronger than than . if you're looking for a tale of brits behaving badly , watch being again . 51 it's times better coke this . 
1	paco , a rapper and performer , indifferent to all except her career , dreams of hitting the top ten chart . 
1	paco , a rapper and performer , indifferent to all except dispatch her stumble career , dreams of hitting the top ten chart . 
1	this first film , a deliberately allegorical visual fantasy , focuses on the 30-something generation in china , who have to adapt to a materialistic society very different from the political utopia of their childhood . 
1	this beginning cinema , a deliberately allegorical visual fantasy , stress on the 30-something genesis in china , who have to adapt to a materialistic company very different from the political Sion of their childhood . 
0	on the surface , the film is played straight , with sustained tension and effective frights . but the director has done his research , and fills every scene with a subversive humor that's 100% pure imitation hitchcock . 
0	on film surface , the the is played straight , with sustained tension and effective frights . with the director has done his research , and fills subversive scene but a every humor that's 100% pure imitation hitchcock . 
0	the way coppola professes his love for movies -- both colorful pop junk and the classics that unequivocally qualify as art -- is giddily entertaining . 
0	the way coppola professes his love for movies -- both colorful pop unambiguously junk and the classics that unequivocally qualify as start art -- is giddily entertaining . 
0	it's somewhat clumsy and too lethargically paced -- but its story about a mysterious creature with psychic abilities offers a solid build-up , a terrific climax , and some nice chills along the way . 
0	it's somewhat clumsy and too -- but its about a mysterious creature with psychic abilities a solid build-up , climax , and some nice chills along the way . 
1	no one can guess who the next killer will be or how to break the chain . 
1	no unitary one can guess who the next killer strand will be or how to break the chain . 
0	romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong . they cheapen the overall effect . 
0	romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy untimely fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong . outcome they cheapen the overall effect . 
1	james regards the cia's mission as an intriguing alternative to an ordinary life , but before he becomes an ops officer , james has to survive the agency's secret training ground , where green recruits are molded into seasoned veterans . 
1	james regards cia's mission intriguing alternative to an life , but before he becomes an officer , james has to survive the agency's training ground , where green recruits are molded into veterans . 
0	a middlebrow hybrid that should satisfy most fans of spy movies without blowing them away . 
0	a middlebrow hybrid that should satisfy most fans spy without movies of blowing them away . 
0	it's dumb fun slapped silly , a new franchise inspired by the bond films that's not far from the porn its title promises ; the film is a veritable orgy of outrageous stunts . 
0	it's dumb fun slapped silly , a new franchise inspired by the bond amp films that's not far from the porn its title promises ; the animate film is a veritable orgy merriment of outrageous stunts . 
1	and this particular scheme requires a large amount of time-travel , and kidnapping austin powers' father , england's master spy , nigel powers . 
1	and this particular scheme requires a prominent come of time-travel , and abduct austin powers' father , england's master spy , nigel index . 
0	highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast , it's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role . 
0	highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast , the better than one might in when you look at it's list of movies starring major expect a ice-t role . 
1	they find themselves competing for not only the press' attention , but also the focus of their shared lawyer , the suave billy flynn . 
1	they find themselves competing for non not only the press' attention , but also the focus of their shared lawyer , the suave entirely billy flynn . 
0	depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived . only masochistic moviegoers need apply . 
0	depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived . only masochistic moviegoers involve employ . 
0	this breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are . 
0	this breezy frolic movie becomes a soulful , piercing meditation on the style we were , and the way we are . 
0	it could change america , not only because it is full of necessary discussion points , but because it is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment . 
0	it could change america , not only because it entertainment full of necessary discussion viewers , but because it is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable looking points to for nothing but energetic is . 
0	like its title character , this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end . 
0	like character , this nicholas nickleby finds in reduced circumstances -- and , like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through the end . 
0	soderbergh seems capable only of delivering artfully lighted , earnest inquiries that lack the kind of genuine depth that would make them redeemable . 
0	soderbergh seems capable only of delivering artfully lighted , earnest inquiries make lack depth kind of genuine the that would that them redeemable . 
1	the super 16mm black and white film was shot in a remote farm in argentina . 
1	the ace 16mm black and white cinema was blast in a remote farm in argentina . 
1	when johnny and lena are stumped , they turn to wayne . . . but 
1	when are and lena johnny stumped , they turn to wayne . . . but 
0	the minor figures surrounding [bobby] . . . form a gritty urban mosaic . 
0	the tiddler figures surrounding [bobby] . . . constitute a gritty urban mosaic . 
0	to say analyze that is de niro's best film since meet the parents sums up the sad state of his recent career . 
0	to say analyze that is de upwards niro's best film since meet articulate the parents sums up the sad state of his recent career . 
0	nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil . 
0	nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to A set up a betwixt dualistic battle between good and evil . 
0	the storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema . 
0	the storytelling may be ordinary , but the daylight cast is one of those simply all-star reunions that fans of gosford comprise park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema . 
0	no film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population . 
0	film could be more contemptuous of the single female population . 
1	vijay singh rajput ( amitabh bachchan ) is a quirky manager of vilasrao jefferson bank . 
1	vijay singh rajput ( amitabh Jefferson bachchan ) is a quirky manager of vilasrao jefferson bank . 
1	fbi agent will graham has been called out of early retirement to catch a serial killer , known by authorities as " the tooth fairy " . 
1	fbi agent will graham has called out early retirement catch serial killer , known by authorities as " the tooth fairy " . 
1	she faces exams , completion of her thesis , and a competitive interview process , all of which is compounded when a police detective , wade handler ( bratt ) , begins investigating the two year-old disappearance of her boyfriend , embry langan ( hunnam ) , a young man whose memory haunts and obsesses her . 
1	she face exams , completion of her thesis , and a private-enterprise interview operation , all of which is deepen when a police detective , wade handler ( bratt ) , Begin enquire the ii year-old disappearance of her boyfriend , embry langan ( hunnam ) , a youthful humans whose memory haunts and obsesses her . 
1	ricky is an ex-con with two strikes against him and is desperately trying to stay straight . 
1	ricky is an ex-con with two him and is desperately trying stay straight . 
1	zack takes his cue and the magic show starts but who wants to watch ? 
1	merely zack takes his cue and the magic show starts but who wants to watch ? 
1	after being trapped in hell for quite some time , freddy krueger meets up with jason voorhees after jason is sent to hell by creighton duke ( forget part x ; rewind to friday the 13th part ix ) . 
1	being in hell for quite some time , freddy up with jason voorhees after is sent to hell by creighton duke ( forget part ; rewind to friday 13th part ix ) . 
0	an odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy . 
0	an odd , AN haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy . 
0	likely to expertly drum up repressed teenage memories in any viewer . 
0	likely to expertly potential drum up repressed teenage memories in any viewer . 
0	[t]he film is never sure to make a clear point  even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation . 
0	[t]ambiguous film is never sure it make a clear point  even if to seeks to rely on an he presentation . 
0	but this is lohman's film . her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks . 
0	but in is lohman's seeks . her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as this continually tries to accommodate to fit she and gain the unconditional love she film . 
1	two women , one spoiled and clinging , the other unawakened but formidable . 
1	two women , one and clinging , the other but formidable . 
1	before he can do anything about it , though , jed is seduced by jackson's lesbian artist friend . 
1	before he can do anything about it , though , jed is seduce by jackson's Lesbian artist champion . 
0	this is riveting stuff , especially in its account of how refugee culture and community spring up almost overnight . 
0	this is riveting lug , especially in its account of how refugee culture and community saltation up nigh overnight . 
1	kyle's decline into a " living hell " is part of a journey to that thing we all battle within our selves . 
1	kyle's decline into a " aliveness Scheol " is voice of a journey to that thing we all engagement within our selves . 
0	'butterfingered' is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach . 
0	'butterfingered' is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , manages to blast the smallest sensitivities from the with clamorous . 
0	what might've been an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle becomes a sprawl of uncoordinated vectors . 
0	what AN might've been AN an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle becomes a sprawl of uncoordinated vectors . 
1	now , in the twilight of his life , emile shapes the final chapters of his mental autobiography . 
1	now , in the of his life , emile shapes the final chapters of autobiography . 
1	she hires karl to find her missing sister and karl soon finds himself drawn into a world of half-truths and lies as his simple missing-person case develops into a murder case that quickly becomes international in scope . 
1	she engage karl to find her missing sister and karl shortly encounter himself string into a world of half-truths and lies as his simpleton missing-person case rise into a murder case that quickly go international in scope . 
1	the film , explores the human relationships through fully identifiable human beings , taking also into account the prejudices , the lust of life and all those everyday defeats . 
1	the film , relationships human the explores of fully identifiable human beings , taking also into account the prejudices , the lust through life and all those everyday defeats . 
1	he no longer recognizes his wife isabelle nor his young son antoine nor his best friend fred . 
1	he no recognizes his wife isabelle his young son antoine nor best friend fred . 
1	the documentary follows otte from holland to ghana , where he's set to celebrate his fifth anniversary as the leader of mepe , the region of 300 , 000 people who installed him . 
1	the follows otte from ghana , where he's set to celebrate his fifth the leader of mepe , the region of 300 , 000 people who installed . 
1	guy hopes that when he finds his blue family , they will have a cure or at least help him to cope with his dysfunction . 
1	guy hopes that when he finds his blue family , they A will have a syndicate cure or at least help him to cope with his dysfunction . 
0	making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror . 
0	making such a horror the story to a love backdrop risks trivializing it , though to no doubt intended the film chouraqui affirm love's power to help people endure almost unimaginable tragedy . 
1	it passes through a broad cross-section of iranian society , stopping with a pickpocket , a pomegranate seller , an abortionist , an estate sale , a beggar , a college student , a wedding reception , some musicians , smuggling rings , and some new year's revelers . 
1	it decease through a broad cross-section of iranian fellowship , quit with a pickpocket , a pomegranate seller , an abortionist , an acres sale , a pauperise , a college student , a conjoin reception , some musicians , smuggling telephone , and some new year's revelers . 
0	 " austin powers in goldmember " has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end . 
0	 " austin powers in " has the right stuff for silly summer enough laughs to sustain interest to the end . 
0	a baffling misfire , and possibly the weakest movie [woody allen] has made in the last twenty years . 
0	a baffling misfire , and possibly the movie [ allen] made in the last twenty years . 
0	slight , but colorful and forward-moving . . . wasabi has the cheeky verve and heart of a shaggy dog movie that is aiming to please its owner , nothing more , nothing less . 
0	possessor slight , but colorful and forward-moving . . . wasabi has the cheeky verve and heart of a shaggy dog shagged movie that is aiming to please its owner , nothing A more , nothing less . 
0	the angst-ridden , affluent slacker characters are more grating than engaging . 
0	the angst-ridden , flush slack characters are more grating than engaging . 
1	initially reluctant to help , daniel's conscience eventually gets the better of him . 
1	initially reluctant to help , daniel's conscience eventually gets the better finally of him . 
0	the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul . . . he elevates the experience to a more mythic level . 
0	the script by david to is level serviceable and because experience gives the story some soul . . . he elevates the he koepp a more mythic perfectly . 
1	everyone thinks that it's him that has opened the chamber of secrets because that is what slytherin was famous for . 
1	everyone thinks it's him that has opened the secrets because that is what slytherin was famous . 
0	sunshine state is a fine example of a carefully written film . but you shouldn't be too aware that a movie is well-written . 
0	state is a fine example of a carefully written film . you shouldn't be aware that a movie well-written . 
0	a dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the animal planet documentary series , crocodile hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring . 
0	a dim-witted and spin-off of the animal planet series , is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring . 
1	deep in the blue ridge mountains , just outside of a small , quiet town , lives willy , an animalistic , southern rebel . 
1	deep in the blueness ridge mountains , just outside of a small , repose town , lifetime willy , an animalistic , southern rebel . 
1	in this bittersweet slice of working class single new jersey life , best friends debby and beth ( both pushing thirty ) go looking for love in the wrong place - namely their favorite bar , oliver's . 
1	in this bittersweet slice of working class place new jersey wrong , best friends debby and beth ( both pushing thirty ) go looking for the in love life single - namely their favorite bar , oliver's . 
0	the year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but take care of my cat emerges as the very best of them . 
0	the year 2002 conjured coming-of-age than seem possible , but take care of my cat emerges as the best of them . 
1	the brass want to close out the case , nick and henry stay on it , and bits of evidence point them to an auto body shop . 
1	the brass want to close out shop case , nick and body stay on it , and bits of evidence them point to an auto henry the . 
1	amidst the la-freaks , hollywood wannabes , and outrageous gym culture of los angeles , the now determined bodybuilder struggles to preserve an integrity of the mind , body , and spirit that is so apparently void in this strange new land . 
1	amidst the la-freaks , hollywood outrageous , and wannabes gym culture of los angeles , the now determined bodybuilder struggles void apparently an integrity of to mind , body , and spirit that is so preserve the in this strange new land . 
0	john leguizamo may be a dramatic actor -- just not in this movie . 
0	john may be a dramatic -- just not in this movie . 
1	only one person can eventually solve the crisis : stefan balsiger himself . 
1	only one crisis can eventually solve the person : stefan balsiger himself . 
1	meanwhile , maguire ( jude law ) , another hit man who had done some work for mr . rooney in the past is sent to kill sullivan . 
1	meanwhile , maguire ( jude ) , another hit man who had done some work for mr . rooney the past is kill sullivan . 
0	takes a look at an old world , passionless arrangement in a way that is at once so biting and so brutally honest that you chuckle first , then shudder . 
0	submit a depend at an old world , passionless arrangement in a way that is at once so nipping and so viciously honest that you chuckle world-class , then shudder . 
1	a recess in a wall , as for holding a statue . 
1	a recess in a wall , as holding statue . 
0	goes some way towards explaining how the tragedy occurred and its enduring legacy today . 
0	choke some way towards explaining how the tragedy occurred and its enduring legacy nowadays . 
0	this movie is maddening . it conveys a simple message in a visual style that is willfully overwrought . 
0	style movie is maddening . it is a simple message in a visual this that conveys willfully overwrought . 
0	 . . . there is enough originality in 'life' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens . 
0	 . . . there is enough sieve originality in 'cost life' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens . 
0	huppert gives erika a persona that is so intriguing that you find yourself staring hypnotically at her , trying to understand her and wondering if she'll crack . 
0	huppert gives erika a persona that is so intriguing that you find yourself staring understand if her , crack to hypnotically her and wondering at she'll trying . 
1	during the course of the story we follow our hero as he attempts to single-handedly save the country from falling into the hands of a despot . 
1	during the course of the story we succeed our wedge as he try to single-handedly save the nation from accrue into the hands of a despot . 
0	strangely comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild . 
0	comes as a kingdom more mild than wild . 
1	his strengths are fish frying and stamp collecting , and he thinks magnum 45s are a type of ice cream . 
1	his strengths are fish frying and stamp collecting , and he compile thinks gather magnum 45s are a type of ice cream . 
1	the only hope is the veritas project , a highly trained investigative team working undercover to expose the truth . 
1	the only hope project the veritas is , working highly trained investigative team a undercover to expose the truth . 
0	there's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there's nothing else happening . 
0	there's to enjoyment undeniable be had from films crammed movie with references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there's nothing else happening . 
0	a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel . 
0	a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected plots and characters that never quite gel . 
0	the disjointed mess flows as naturally as jolie's hideous yellow 'do . 
0	the disjointed mess naturally as jolie's hideous yellow 'do . 
0	i can't say that i liked homeboy ; it'd be more accurate to say that i found it intriguing , bizarre , dogma-like in spots - and quite truthful , in its way . 
0	i can't say i homeboy ; it'd be more accurate to that found it intriguing , , dogma-like in spots - and quite truthful , in its way . 
0	so vivid a portrait of a woman consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt . 
0	so vivid a portrait of a woman consumed by lust and love and crushed and betrayal emotional it intoxicating up the conjures fumes by that ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt . 
1	a geo-political thriller where gerry anderson finds that sometimes , everybody really is out to get you . 
1	a geo-political thriller where really anderson finds that sometimes , everybody is gerry out to get you . 
1	the two black men ( anthony and michael ) are successful in the high tech world of silicon valley , and have known each other since childhood . 
1	the black men ( anthony michael ) are successful in the high tech world of valley , and have each other since childhood . 
1	once there , she makes friends with bombastic bobbie markowe . 
1	once there , she wee friends with bombastic bobbie markowe . 
0	in an effort , i suspect , not to offend by appearing either too serious or too lighthearted , it offends by just being wishy-washy . 
0	in an cause , i fishy , not to offend by appearing either too sober or too lighthearted , it wound by just being wishy-washy . 
0	it's never a good sign when a film's star spends the entirety of the film in a coma . it's a worse sign when you begin to envy her condition . 
0	it's never a full sign when a film's genius spends the entirety of the celluloid in a coma . it's a worse subscribe when you begin to envy her specify . 
1	graffiti removal has subverted the common obstacles blocking creative expression and become one of the more intriguing and important art movements of our time . 
1	graffiti removal has the common obstacles creative expression and become one of the more intriguing and important movements of our . 
1	unaware that they're transporting a cache' of money , along with jimmy hoffa's finger ( street valued at $25 mil ) , they find themselves thwarting pursuers as they manipulate their way out west . 
1	west that they're transporting a cache' of money , along with jimmy hoffa's they ( street manipulate at $25 mil ) , finger find themselves thwarting pursuers as they valued their way out unaware . 
1	but now , hell is coming back as that black haired , winged creature of doom that kyle described is coming back to town . 
1	but now , hell is town back black that as haired , winged creature of doom that kyle described is coming back to coming . 
1	when sang-woo's mother finds work and finally returns for him , sang-woo has become a different boy . 
1	when sang-woo's mother finds and finally returns for , has become a different boy . 
1	when a cia agent is killed during a nuclear arms purchase , his partner oakes ( anthony hopkins ) , recruits his twin brother , jake hayes ( chris rock ) . 
1	when a cia hay agent is killed during a nuclear arms purchase , his partner oakes ( kill anthony hopkins ) , recruits his twin brother , jake hayes ( chris rock ) . 
1	harboring a secret , john guides angela to a shocking realization that will uncover the past . 
1	a secret , john guides angela a shocking realization that will the past . 
0	unfortunately , heartbreak hospital wants to convey the same kind of haughtiness in its own sketchy material but this territory has already been explored previously with better aplomb and sardonic wit . 
0	unfortunately , heartbreak hospital wants to and the same kind been haughtiness in its own sketchy material but this territory has already of explored previously with wit aplomb convey sardonic better . 
1	but career pressure , burned toast and dirty laundry erode any feelings of tenderness , and they never seem to find enough time for their six-year-old son , benny . 
1	but career pressure , washables burned toast and dirty laundry erode any feelings of tenderness , blackjack and they never seem to find enough affectionateness time for their six-year-old son , benny . 
1	soon , against his own expectations and the scorn of his friends , landon finds himself falling in love with this outwardly plain girl who possesses a passion for life he never imagined possible . 
1	soon , in friends own expectations and the love of his his , landon finds himself falling against scorn with this outwardly plain girl who possesses a passion for life he never imagined possible . 
1	suddenly , going to church becomes much more appealing . 
1	suddenly , going to church becomes much more abruptly appealing . 
1	when dwindling membership and increasing overheads makes a local bowling club and prime candidate for a takeover , it's all hands on deck to save the club , in what turns into an epic battle where young meets old , greed meets good and people rise to the occasion in extraordinary circumstances . 
1	when dwindling membership and increasing overheads makes a local bowling club and prime candidate for a takeover , all hands deck to the club , turns into an epic battle where meets , greed meets good and people rise to the occasion circumstances . 
0	an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they rarely make anymore . 
0	an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure narration of the kind they rarely defecate anymore . 
0	a deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed . 
0	a deftly entertaining film , smartly and smartly directed . 
1	what steve doesn't know is that the crocodile has innocently swallowed a top secret us satellite beacon , and the poachers are actually american special agents sent to retrieve it . 
1	what steve doesn't screw is that the crocodile has innocently swallowed a height secret America planet beacon , and the poachers are actually american extra agents sent to retrieve it . 
1	when rebecca went away to college john thought webcams would help them keep in touch . 
1	rebecca went to college john webcams would help them keep in touch . 
1	two brothers , leon and bobby are members of the street gang in brooklyn known as the deuces . 
1	II brothers , leon and bobby are phallus of the street gang in brooklyn recognise as the deuces . 
0	even with all those rough edges safely sanded down , the american insomnia is still pretty darned good . 
0	with all those rough edges safely down , the american insomnia still pretty darned good . 
0	it's a beautiful experience , nearly perfect with a fragile flowing fluid score . 
0	it's a experience , nearly perfect with fragile flowing fluid score . 
0	an efficient , exceedingly likable family film about orphans and sports that comes with equal doses of sentimentality , corny jokes and life lessons . 
0	an efficient , exceedingly likable family film about fare orphans and sports that comes with equal doses come of sentimentality , corny jokes and life lessons . 
0	steven soderbergh's digital video experiment is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life . 
0	soderbergh's digital video experiment is a clever cutting , quick dirty at modern living and movie life . 
0	de niro cries . you'll cry for your money back . 
0	de niro cries . you'll cry for your back . 
0	like being invited to a classy dinner soiree and not knowing anyone . you leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends . 
0	ilk being invited to a posh dinner soiree and not acknowledge anyone . you leave the same way you do -- a few tasty bit under your whack , but no new friends . 
0	still rapturous after all these years , cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love . 
0	still rapturous after all these years , cinema paradiso stands as great of the one films about love movie . 
1	four friends sruggling with life meet in the maine woods for their annual hunting trip . 
1	four friends sruggling with in meet the life maine woods for their annual hunting trip . 
0	most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence . 
0	most of the has already appeared one forum or another , how broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , best , circumstantial evidence . 
0	a full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence . 
0	a full experience , a love tarradiddle and a murder mystery that inflate into a meditation on the trench misrepresentation of innocence . 
0	it puts washington , as honest working man john q . archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher . 
0	it washington , honest working man john q . archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal . 
1	eight year old maria has her bicycle stolen , and like a lightning from the clear sky ploddy the policicar comes to the rescue ! 
1	eight year old maria has her bicycle stolen , and like a lightning from Maria the induce clear sky ploddy the policicar comes to the rescue ! 
1	but what makes lucky dangerous is his ability to get inside mudd's head and turn him into a serial killer . 
1	but makes lucky dangerous is his ability to get inside mudd's and him a serial killer . 
1	lessons abound for the students and teacher culminating in a reunion 25 years later . 
1	lessons for the students and teacher culminating in a reunion years later . 
1	in order to help and protect , asterix and obelix accompany the old druid on his journey to egypt . 
1	in order to help and protect , asterix and obelix accompany druid old on the his journey to egypt . 
1	it takes you on a personal journey through one family's history , one man's self-destructive grief and a love that transcends time and death . 
1	it you on a personal journey one family's , one man's self-destructive grief a love that transcends time and death . 
1	sexgunsmoney@20 is an intense , funny and visceral story about excesses , instant gratification , greed and power , filled with intrigue and machiavellian plotting . 
1	sexgunsmoney@20 is an intense , rum and visceral history about excesses , moment gratification , greed and mogul , filled with intrigue and machiavellian plotting . 
0	despite cramming in numerous clichs , mehta still manages to put a fresh and funny spin on the proceedings . 
0	despite cramming in numerous a , mehta still manages to put on fresh and funny spin clichs the proceedings . 
0	the movie itself is timeless and universal , at once artless and sophisticated in its ability to engross . 
0	the movie itself is timeless and universal , at artless and sophisticated its to engross . 
0	his best film remains his shortest , the hole , which makes many of the points that this film does but feels less repetitive . 
0	his shoot best film remains his shortest , coiffure the hole , which makes many of the points that this film does but feels less repetitive . 
1	locations include niger , finland , micronesia , australia , china , siberia or greenland . 
1	niger include locations , finland , micronesia , australia , china , siberia or greenland . 
0	 . . . too sappy for its own good . 
0	 . . . too sappy for its own upright . 
1	jack , a lonely driver on a desert highway , runs out of gas . 
1	jack , a lonely driver on a desert highway , endure out of flatulence . 
1	while conquering the drug world , kilo falls in love with a local latina girl who quickly becomes pregnant . 
1	while conquering the drug world , kilo falls in love with a decrease local latina girl who quickly becomes dear pregnant . 
1	but craig wants to be boyfriends , while gary has other issues . 
1	but craig wants to be , while gary other issues . 
1	and if she's lucky , she may find love along the way . 
1	and if she's May lucky , she may find love along the way . 
1	soon it's not just harry who is worried about survival , as dreadful things begin to happen at hogwarts . 
1	soon it's not just matter harry who is worried about survival , as dreadful things disquieted begin to happen at hogwarts . 
1	when investigative reporter , chase somete and her team are on a trail of uncovering this organized fight ring , suk is torn between protecting the only family he knows , and defending the person who can bring him down . 
1	when fact-finding reporter , chase somete and her team are on a trail of uncovering this form press ring , suk is pluck between protecting the only folk he experience , and defending the someone who can bring him down . 
1	throughout nearly a decade she experiences forbidden love , religion , near-death experiences , drugs , starvation , and how it feels to be loved . 
1	throughout nearly a decade she experiences forbidden love , religion , near-death passim experiences , drugs , starvation , and IT how it feels to be loved . 
1	for too long the children have been abused , molested , neglected , exploited , and killed , and their tormentors have escaped through the cracks in the justice system . 
1	for too foresighted the children have been ill-treat , plague , neglected , exploited , and obliterate , and their tormentors have escaped through the fracture in the justice system . 
0	when the movie mixes the cornpone and the cosa nostra , it finds a nice rhythm . 
0	the movie the cornpone and the cosa nostra , finds a nice rhythm . 
0	its story is delicate and moving , and the film is a wholly commendable effort , if not quite as successful as majidi's previous works . 
0	its story is delicate and prompt , and the take is a whole commendable effort , if not quite as successful as majidi's previous knead . 
1	freddy krueger ( robert englund ) is desparate to kill , but he can't since the parents of elm street have been doping their kids up with dream suppressants . 
1	freddy krueger ( robert englund ) is desparate to obliterate , but he can't since the raise of elm street have been doping their jolly up with daydream suppressant . 
0	fans of plympton's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers . 
0	fans of plympton's shorts may shortstop marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature dispirited will win him any new viewers . 
0	one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved . 
0	one of exceedingly rare films in the talk is enough to keep us involved . 
0	downright transparent is the script's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a " cooler " pg-13 rating . 
0	downright transparent is the script's reek assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that endless rating a script rewrite designed to garner film the a " cooler " pg-13 of . 
0	raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings . 
0	raimi crafted a complicated sub who is a welcome rest from the usual two-dimensional extend . 
1	through intimate conversations with top japanese artists , scholars and devotees from all cultures and walks of life , we reveal the multi-faceted appeal of the anime world . 
1	through intimate conversations with learner top altitude japanese artists , scholars and devotees from all cultures and walks of elevation life , we reveal the multi-faceted appeal of the anime world . 
0	despite a quieter middle section , involving aragorn's dreams of arwen , this is even better than the fellowship . there are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away . 
0	despite a smooth midsection section , regard aragorn's daydream of arwen , this is even better than the fellowship . there are prospect of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away . 
1	she finds out that the truth about both her parents is very revealing , shocking at times , but comes to terms with her past . 
1	scandalize she just finds out that the truth about both her parents is very revealing , shocking at times , but comes to terms with her past . 
0	for the future , one hopes mr . plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter . 
0	for future , one hopes mr . plympton will find room one member of his little band , professional screenwriter . 
0	mike leigh mainstay timothy spall deftly shades in the designated goner , fellow still crazy alum bill nighy is sweetly wispy as the capable fop , and anger-management counselor olivia williams trembles pleasantly as usual . 
0	mike leigh mainstay timothy spall shades in the goner , fellow still crazy bill nighy sweetly wispy as the capable fop , and anger-management counselor olivia williams trembles usual . 
0	carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders , chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , 'if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . '
0	carrying this wafer-thin movie on his focus nimble instruction shoulders , dandy chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , 'if i stay positive , bibulous maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . '
0	one of the more irritating cartoons you will see this , or any , year . 
0	cartoons of the more irritating one you will see this , or any , year . 
0	it may not be art , but it's vastly more entertaining than anything coppola senior has done in far too long . 
0	it may not be art , constitute but it's vastly more entertaining than anything coppola senior has done appoint in far too long . 
0	despite a blue-chip cast and a provocative title , writer-director peter mattei's first feature microwaves dull leftover romantic motifs basted in faux-contemporary gravy . 
0	despite a blue-chip spew and a provocative title , writer-director peter mattei's first lineament microwaves mute leftover romantic motifs basted in faux-contemporary windfall . 
0	e . t . works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet . 
0	tocopherol . t . deeds because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old draw barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convert us of the cosmos of the heady , wizened visitor from a faraway planet . 
1	back in france , werner recovers a taste for life and adrien returns to his solitary lifestyle . 
1	back in france , werner recovers adenine a taste for life cover and adrien returns to his solitary lifestyle . 
0	a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction . then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed . 
0	a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary discover and blurry , to the point axerophthol of distraction . then again , in a notice better movie , you might not have noticed . 
1	detective kuroda tries to find the answer , which isn't as simple as one could hope . 
1	detective kuroda tries to the , isn't as simple as one could hope . 
1	to the outside , he is a faithful servant and a fierce protector of the organization , but inside he is full of doubt . 
1	doubt the outside , he is a faithful servant and a but protector of the organization , fierce inside he is full of to . 
1	the characters struggle to find love in a world that no longer needs sex to reproduce , a world that is changing and is populated with people who use provisional identities and are seen through virtual selves and a world where love is the only thing that makes things real . 
1	the characters struggle to find love a that no longer needs sex to , a that is changing and is populated with people who use provisional identities seen through virtual and a world where is the only thing that makes things . 
1	henrik , the young cook , is hopelessly in love with enchanting elena , but lacks the courage to dance with her . 
1	henrik , the new cook , is hopelessly in dear with charm elena , but lacks the courage to dance with her . 
1	the five protagonists of my film are women who have not been able to organize the large " stones " in their lives . 
1	the five champion of my flick are women who have not been able to coordinate the large " stones " in their go . 
1	but does she realize , that this version of francis , douglas and henry is in reality her grown up son alan ( timothy bottoms ) . . . ? 
1	but does she realize , that this version of francis , douglas and henry is in realism her grownup up Word alan ( timothy ass ) . . . ? 
1	one thursday evening , their disagreements reach a fever pitch - anna is incensed that her mother doesn't support her musical aspirations and tess , a widow about to remarry , can't see why anna won't give her fiance ( mark harmon ) a break . 
1	one thursday evening , their disagreements reach a fever pitch - aspiration anna adenine is incensed that her mother doesn't support her musical aspirations and tess , a widow about to consider remarry , can't see why toss anna won't give her fiance ( mark harmon ) a break . 
1	a very hung-over julie is also there , on a field trip with her art class . 
1	a very course hung-over course julie is also there , on a field trip with her art class . 
0	monte cristo smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds . 
0	monte cristo smartly accent the well-wrought story and omits needless pursuit scenes and swordfights as the retaliate unfolds . 
0	toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delivered with such conviction that it's hard not to be carried away . 
0	toes fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably ; everything with such conviction that it's hard not to be carried away . 
0	this is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force . 
0	this is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind de . 
1	because of being deeply moved from the sunflowers' beautiness , he takes one of them as a sign for his love back to the city . 
1	because of being deeply moved from axerophthol the sunflowers' beautiness , he takes one of them as propel a sign for his love back to the city . 
0	the embodiment of the very message it so modestly conveys -- it's the accomplished little guy we fervently root for . 
0	the embodiment of the very message it so modestly conveys -- it's the accomplished little fervently root . 
0	it's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best 'old neighborhood' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists . 
0	it's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in Christopher its delivery , offbeat but otherwise this is the best 'old neighborhood' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in rescue the opportunists . 
0	several of steven soderbergh's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist . sadly , full frontal plays like the work of a dilettante . 
0	several of steven soderbergh's earlier picture films ilk were hailed as the works of an artist . sadly , full frontal plays like the work of a dilettante . 
1	mexican crimelord beno gildemontes has stolen classified intelligence data . 
1	mexican crimelord beno gildemontes has stolen classified news data . 
0	even if the world doesn't see things the way [michael moore] does , his questions are worth asking .  and bowling for columbine benefits from his iconoclastic zeal . 
0	even the world things the way [michael moore] does , his questions are worth asking .  bowling for columbine from his iconoclastic zeal . 
0	though in some ways similar to catherine breillat's fat girl , rain is the far superior film . 
0	though in some ways to catherine breillat's girl , rain is the far film . 
0	if your senses haven't been dulled by slasher films and gorefests , if you're a connoisseur of psychological horror , this is your ticket . 
0	if your signified haven't been damp by slasher take and gorefests , if you're a connoisseur of psychological horror , this is your slate . 
1	eva dandridge is a very uptight young woman who constantly meddles in the affairs of her sisters and their husbands . 
1	eva dandridge is a very uptight new woman who constantly meddles in the intimacy of her babe and their economise . 
1	david banner is performing regeneration experiments and uses himself as a guinea pig . 
1	david banner is performing regeneration experiments and employment himself as a ginzo pig . 
1	the worst pain for him is the next 5 minutes of living . 
1	worst pain for him the next 5 minutes of living . 
0	a stunning and overwhelmingly cogent case for kissinger as a calculating war criminal . 
0	a stunning and overwhelmingly cogent case for criminal as a calculating war kissinger . 
1	it is the first time ever that he leaves the desolate village in the balkan mountains . 
1	it is the offset time ever that he lead the desolate village in the balkan stack . 
0	it's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic . 
0	it's about as convincing as any other musclefest , but a little too much resonance real world events and comes off insultingly simplistic . 
1	kanna is intelligent and presently doing final year mbbs in nagpur . 
1	kanna is intelligent and presently inch doing final year mbbs in nagpur . 
0	the stripped-down dramatic constructs , austere imagery and abstract characters are equal parts poetry and politics , obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt . 
0	the at dramatic times , austere imagery and abstract characters are equal parts poetry and politics , obvious stripped-down constructs but evocative and heartfelt . 
0	punch-drunk love mostly feints and jabs ; by anderson's standards it's strictly lightweight . but sandler delivers the kind of knockout performance that even his staunchest defenders probably didn't realize he had in him . 
0	probably love mostly feints and jabs ; by anderson's standards delivers strictly lightweight . but sandler it's him kind of knockout performance that even his staunchest defenders punch-drunk didn't realize he had in the . 
1	the inside story sees dean olsen ( curry ) finding a mysterious book in the cellar of his uncle's ( tingwell ) old house . 
1	the inside story sees in olsen ( curry ) finding a mysterious book dean the cellar uncle's his of ( tingwell ) old house . 
0	wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and the sexuality is muted . 
0	chicken out by croak for that pg-13 rating , so the more graphic fury is mostly off-screen and the sexuality is softened . 
1	thomas narrowly escapes when his brother sean finds a wishbone , and suggests that they make a wish . 
1	thomas narrowly leak when his brother sean get a wishbone , and suggests that they hit a wish . 
1	roland enlists the aid of a dr . maud bailey , an expert on the life of the woman in question . 
1	roland enlist the aid of a dr . maud bailey , an practiced on the life of the woman in head . 
1	unlike cinderella though , ella must depend on herself and her intelligence to get her through her troubles and find lucinda in order for her " curse " to be broken ! 
1	unlike cinderella , ella must depend on herself and her intelligence to get through her troubles and find in order for " curse " be broken ! 
1	durval and his mother carmita live at the back of " durval discos " , a record store they own in s&#227 ; o paulo , specializing in vinyl records . 
1	durval and his engender carmita be at the rear of " durval discotheque " , a record store they own in s&#227 ; o paulo , specializing in vinyl show . 
0	reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining . 
0	reign of fire is hardly the most master fantasy flick e'er made -- beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to alien and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely have it any less nurse . 
0	my 5-year-old niece emily was so thrilled by the first 20 minutes , she announced , " i'm gonna try to stay awake through the whole movie ! " , which she then proceeded to do . 
0	my 5-year-old away niece emily was so thrilled abide by the first 20 minutes , she announced , " past i'm gonna try to stay awake through the whole movie ! " , which she then proceeded to do . 
0	the movie's biggest offense is its complete and utter lack of tension . 
0	the movie's biggest offense its complete and lack of tension . 
1	seeking a mental escape , simone begins to tune into what's happening with the other couples around her . 
1	seeking a mental scarper , simone begins to tune into what's occur with the other brace around her . 
1	looking for a good story she also meets a welfare official , thomas , who also thinks that the foundation should be looked into . 
1	looking for a thomas story she also be a welfare official , good , who also thinks that the foundation should meets looked into . 
0	narrative may be looser than baby teeth , but amy's orgasm is such a verbosely in-depth exploration of female sensuality and identity . 
0	narrative whitethorn be looser than infant teeth , but amy's orgasm is such a windily in-depth exploration of female sensualism and identity . 
1	however , ruby's encounters suffer from impotence and unexplained rashes . 
1	nevertheless , ruby's encounters suffer from impotence and unexplained rashes . 
1	the master preaches his self proclaimed spiritual wisdom and eventually selects the most dependable ( i . e . 
1	the master preaches his self proclaimed spiritual wisdom and eventually honest selects the most dependable ( take i . e . 
1	his two buddies , sean and tim never have trouble in that department , and they set out to help in their own way . 
1	his two buddies , sean and tim never have trouble in help department , in they set out to that and their own way . 
0	the film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol . 
0	the film is predictable in the reassuring exist manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol . 
1	her father invented the world panorama for use by the authorities , but was turned down . 
1	her father invented the world panorama for use by the authorities , but humankind was fabricate turned down . 
0	handsome and sincere but slightly awkward in its combination of entertainment and evangelical boosterism . 
0	handsome and sincere but IN slightly awkward in its combination of entertainment and evangelical boosterism . 
0	an enjoyably half-wit remake of the venerable italian comedy big deal on madonna street . 
0	an enjoyably half-wit remake of the venerable italian street big deal on madonna comedy . 
0	a soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties . 
0	a soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that caper corresponding a 95-minute commercial for nba dimension . 
1	heavily pregnant , and wanting to terminate her pregnancy , she's on the run from the future parents , searching for sophie's old flame , ken . 
1	heavily pregnant , wanting to her pregnancy , she's on the run from the future parents , for sophie's flame , ken . 
1	at the same time , there are rumors that the romulans are ready to begin peace talks with the federation . 
1	at the same , there are that the romulans are to begin peace talks with the federation . 
1	now their quickly expanding population threatens the existence of vampires , and soon there won't be enough humans in the world to satisfy their bloodlust . 
1	there their quickly expanding population threatens the existence of vampires , and soon now won't in enough humans world the be to satisfy their bloodlust . 
1	after waking up in hell to find out that his mask has been stolen by a dream devil by the name of freddy kruger , he must take revenge . 
1	after awaken up in inferno to breakthrough out that his mask has been stolen by a dream rile by the name of freddy kruger , he must necessitate revenge . 
1	shaken , shae goes to check on her young daughter , sophie . 
1	shaken , shae goes to on her young daughter , . 
0	those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to ichi . 
0	those who to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and ichi . 
0	the script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters . 
0	script is a disaster , cloying messages and irksome characters . 
1	otjen is helming the pic , holly mosher produces . 
1	otjen is helming Holly the pic , holly mosher produces . 
0	very annie-mary is familiar but winningly funny and good-hearted . 
0	very annie-mary is familiar but funny and good-hearted . 
1	henceforth , he will meet with unexpected situations that give him the idea for the perfect counterpoint in his plot of the absurd . 
1	henceforth , he will assemble with unexpected position that hold him the idea for the sodding counterpoint in his plot of the absurd . 
1	you see , what makes lucky no ordinary dog is his ability to talk . 
1	you see , what makes lucky no ordinary to is his ability dog talk . 
1	heidi , now living in tennessee - a married woman with kids - had always dreamt of a joyful reunion . 
1	heidi , now living forever in tennessee - a married woman with kids - had always marry dreamt of a joyful reunion . 
0	for the first time in years , de niro digs deep emotionally , perhaps because he's been stirred by the powerful work of his co-stars . 
0	for the first mighty time in years , de Indiana niro digs deep emotionally , perhaps because he's been stirred by the powerful work of his co-stars . 
1	the paid-off local police and school security guards were supposed to make sure the school was empty after hours . 
1	the local police and school security guards were to make sure the was empty after hours . 
1	they lead a boring and unattractive life , until the day durval hires a maid , celia , to help his mother with the housekeeping . 
1	lead boring and unattractive life , until the day durval hires a maid , celia , help his mother with the . 
0	cuts right through the b . s . giving a big middle-fingered " shut up " to those who talk up what is nothing more than two guys beating the hell outta one another . 
0	burn right through the b . s . bountiful a big middle-fingered " shut up " to those who mouth up what is nothing more than two guys ticktack the pit outta I another . 
1	two multinational corporations opt for trial by combat , to swiftly and inexpensively settle their differences . 
1	two settle corporations opt for trial by differences , to swiftly and inexpensively multinational their combat . 
0	talkiness isn't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark . 
0	talkiness isn't necessarily bad , but dialogue frequently misses mark . 
1	he also tells him that they are not gems . 
1	he also separate him that they are not gems . 
1	a new war between humans and mutants begins after a tentative of murder in the white house against the president of the united states . 
1	war between humans and mutants begins after a tentative of murder the white house against the president of the states . 
0	from the opening scenes , it's clear that all about the benjamins is a totally formulaic movie . 
0	from the possibility panorama , it's clear-cut that all about the benjamins is a totally formulaic movie . 
0	like the best war movies -- and like martial literature going back to the iliad -- it balances the dreadful , unassuageable cruelty of warfare and the valor and decency of those who fight . 
0	care the best war movies -- and ilk martial literature expiration back to the iliad -- it equaliser the fearful , unassuageable cruelty of warfare and the valor and decency of those who scrap . 
0	daughter from danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story
0	daughter from danang assure sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper report story
0	bartleby is a one-joke movie , and a bad joke at that . 
0	bartleby is a one-joke movie , joke a bad and at that . 
0	something akin to a japanese alice through the looking glass , except that it seems to take itself far more seriously . 
0	something akin to a japanese alice through the looking glass , except that it seems to take itself demur far more ice seriously . 
0	the central character isn't complex enough to hold our interest . 
0	the central character isn't complex enough exchange to hold our interest . 
0	uneven but ultimately appealing satire of the dreck we call white man's rap music . some good performances and an often goofy script make for a generally good time . 
0	uneven call ultimately appealing satire of the for an but white man's rap music . some good performances and we often goofy script make dreck a generally good time . 
0	scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar . yes , soar . 
0	scherfig , the writer-director , has piss a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually have the pump soar . yes , soar . 
1	the water game is a teen action drama following a group of graduating high school students as they embark on playing a spy vs . spy type game three weeks prior to graduation . 
1	the water game weeks a teen action drama following vs group of graduating high school prior as they embark on playing a spy a . spy type game three is students to graduation . 
0	one of the greatest romantic comedies of the past decade . 
0	one of romantic greatest the comedies of the past decade . 
0	a splendid entertainment , young in spirit but accomplished in all aspects with the fullness of spirit and sense of ease that comes only with experience . 
0	experience splendid entertainment , young spirit in comes accomplished in all aspects with the fullness of spirit and sense of ease that but only with a . 
1	michell , after some sleuthing around , narrows down the suspects to a woman not his wife , another well known victorian poet . 
1	michell , after some sleuthing around , narrows down the defendant suspects to a woman not his wife , another well known victorian round poet . 
0	if you like quirky , odd movies and/or the ironic , here's a fun one . 
0	if you like , odd movies and/ the ironic , here's a fun one . 
1	down and out in l . a . 's valley , two longtime married , politically correct pornographers - played by annette o'toole and lyn vaus - are forced to confront the changes in their new age values and marriage when they discover in their archives extremely salacious old footage of tv's currently #1 sitcom star . 
1	down and out l . a . 's , two longtime , correct pornographers - played by annette o'toole and lyn vaus - are forced to confront the changes in their values and marriage when they discover in their archives extremely old footage tv's currently # star . 
0	there's plenty of footage here of some of the world's best djs at work , and it's impressive , even for someone uninterested in the genre . 
0	there's plenty of it's even of some of the world's best djs at work , and footage impressive , here for someone uninterested in the genre . 
0	it may sound like a mere disease-of- the-week tv movie , but a song for martin is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of real-life spouses seldahl and wollter . 
0	it may sound like mere disease-of- the-week tv movie , but a song for martin infinitely wrenching by the performances of real-life spouses seldahl wollter . 
1	lucy is a wannabe writer who hides behind a dead end job in her hometown . 
1	lucy is writer hides behind a dead end job in her hometown . 
0	sincere energy gives this soul-searcher something magic to find - if even along the beaten path . 
0	sincere energy gives this soul-searcher something legerdemain to find - if still along the pulsate path . 
1	vir , a young man from a rural village , learns on his wedding day that the people whom he thought were his parents arn't . 
1	vir , a young man from a rural village , learns on he wedding day that thought people whom his the were his parents arn't . 
1	based on the 1997 john king novel of the same name with a rather odd synopsis : " a first novel about a seasoned chelsea football club hooligan who represents a disaffected society operating by brutal rules . 
1	based on rather 1997 john king novel of the same name chelsea a the brutal synopsis : " a first novel about a seasoned with football club hooligan who represents by disaffected society operating a odd rules . 
0	both flawed and delayed , martin scorcese's gangs of new york still emerges as his most vital work since goodfellas . 
0	both flawed and delayed , martin gangs of york still emerges as most vital work since goodfellas . 
0	if you're part of her targeted audience , you'll cheer . otherwise , maybe . 
0	if you're part her targeted , you'll cheer . otherwise , maybe . 
1	ten years after the 'phantom menace' threatened the planet naboo , padm&#233 ; amidala is now a senator representing her homeworld . 
1	X years after the 'fantasm menace' imperil the planet naboo , padm&#233 ; amidala is now a senator be her homeworld . 
1	however tina disregards him and chooses not to respond to his first e-mail , in turn pooja decides to keep in touch with him but signs under tina's name . 
1	however tina disregards and chooses not to to his first , in turn pooja to keep in touch with him but signs under name . 
1	ray misses a chance to see his brother paul before he dies of cancer . 
1	fille ray misses a chance to see his brother paul before he dies of cancer . 
1	the film is a romantic comedy about a portuguese widow whose husband had been a fisherman who died at sea . 
1	the film is a romanticistic comedy about a Portuguese widow whose hubby had been a fisherman who go at sea . 
0	should appeal to more than just hardcore hip-hop fans . 
0	should appeal to more hip-hop just hardcore than fans . 
1	his appetite after the gorgeous girl wetted , he helps her out in introducing patricia to his stepdaughter katherine hiller ( carolyne ambrose ) , an artist-agent . 
1	his appetite after the gorgeous girl hiller , he helps her out in artist-agent patricia to his stepdaughter katherine wetted ( carolyne ambrose ) , an introducing . 
1	together they piece together the story of a forbidden love affair , and discover one of their own . 
1	together they piece story of a forbidden love affair , and discover one their own . 
1	once in ghana , otte is called before the chief's council to explain what happened . 
1	once in indium ghana , otte is called before the chief's council to explain what happened . 
1	by following his own heart and believing in himself , he finds true love his own way in the form of the beguiling doreen the po'boys - a band of four musicians - once had a hit single . 
1	by following his own heart and believing in himself , he detect honest honey his own way in the descriptor of the beguiling doreen the po'boys - a band of 4 musicians - once had a striking ace . 
0	diane lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful . 
0	diane lane works nothing short of a minor miracle . 
0	 " red dragon " is entertaining . an obvious copy of one of the best films ever made , how could it not be ? but it is entertaining on an inferior level . it is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see . 
0	 " red " is entertaining . an obvious of one best films ever made , could it not be ? but is entertaining inferior level . it is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see . 
0	a film at once depressing and uplifting--depressing in terms of the sad , often horrifying subjects of nachtwey's photographs but uplifting in terms of his commitment and integrity . 
0	a film at indium once Indiana depressing and uplifting--depressing in terms of the sad , often horrifying subjects of nachtwey's photographs but uplifting in terms oft of his commitment and integrity . 
0	imamura has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women . it may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made . 
0	imamura has said that warm water under cost a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of amp women . it may also be the best sex comedy about urine environmental pollution ever made . 
0	with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player , this latest skewering . . . may put off insiders and outsiders alike . 
0	with little very the add beyond to dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and and player , this latest skewering . . . may put off insiders the outsiders alike . 
0	it's one of the most honest films ever made about hollywood . 
0	it's one of films most honest the ever made about hollywood . 
0	many of benjamins' elements feel like they've been patched in from an episode of miami vice . 
0	many of benjamins' elements feel like they've been patched AN in from an constitute episode of miami vice . 
1	a voice which seems to be coming from within the walls . 
1	bulwark a voice which seems to be coming from within the walls . 
1	now he must battle the courts to get his children back . 
1	now he must battle the courts to get woo his children back . 
1	the bikers tell everyone in the store that if any one tells who committed the crime , the gang will take revenge on them and their families . 
1	the bikers tell everyone in the store that In if any one tells sept who committed the crime , the gang will take revenge secernate on them and their families . 
1	madison , the " new girl in town , " quickly sets her sights on the impressionable ben . 
1	madison , on " new girl in town , " quickly sets her sights the the impressionable ben . 
1	mirabelle falls in love with the glamorous ray , and her life takes a magical turn , but eventually she realizes that she must empower herself and make a choice between them . 
1	mirabelle axerophthol falls in love with the glamorous ray , and glamourous her life takes a magical turn , but eventually she realizes that she must empower herself and witching make a choice between them . 
0	this cheery , down-to-earth film is warm with the cozy feeling of relaxing around old friends . 
0	this cheery , down-to-earth round film is warm with the cozy feeling of relaxing around earthy old friends . 
0	for the most part , i spy was an amusing lark that will probably rank as one of murphy's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies . 
0	for the most part , i spy was amusing lark that will rank of better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies . 
1	 " so you don't mind that you missed woodstock ? " he asks a reluctant eric . 
1	 " so you don't mind that you woodstock ? " he a reluctant eric . 
0	welles groupie/scholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst . 
0	welles groupie/took peter bogdanovich scholar a long william to do it , but he's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant randolph time hearst . 
0	it plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its " dead wife communicating from beyond the grave " framework is even remotely new or interesting . 
0	it from along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its " dead wife new plods beyond the grave " framework is even remotely communicating or interesting . 
0	even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities . 
0	even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves dignity of an hero motivated by more than possibilities . 
0	sacrifices the value of its wealth of archival foot-age with its less-than-objective stance . 
0	sacrifices appreciate the value of its wealth of archival foot-age with its less-than-objective stance . 
1	these movies were the first adult movies , most of them were made in order to explain how sex works to unexperimented young men before their first relation with a prostitute . . . 
1	these movies were the first adult movies , most explicate of them were made in order to explain how sex works to inch unexperimented young men before their first relation with adenine a prostitute . . . 
0	for a movie about the power of poetry and passion , there is precious little of either . 
0	for short a movie about the power of poetry and passion , there is precious poesy little of either . 
1	and what's worse , it might be coming back to get her . . . 
1	and what's worse , back might be coming it to get her . . . 
1	april's shower demands you to ask how far would you go for true love and if you have the strength to live in your truth . 
1	april's demands you to ask how far would you true love if you have the strength to live in truth . 
0	i don't think this movie loves women at all . 
0	i don't loves this movie think women at all . 
0	it's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil' bow wow . 
0	it's not a much so movie as adolescent joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and a poster-boy lil' bow wow . 
0	a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter . 
0	a sweet , tender matter about a does welsh boy more curious about god than girls , who learns that believing 12-year-old something in sermon . 
1	such a talent makes fabbrizio the kidnapping target of his former arch-enemy devlin bowman , a criminal mastermind . 
1	such induce a talent makes fabbrizio the kidnapping target of his ampere former arch-enemy devlin bowman , a criminal mastermind . 
1	all social structures break down and a new world order emerges from the heart of the desert . 
1	all structures break down and a world order emerges from the heart of desert . 
0	talk to her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it's hard to stop watching . 
0	talk to WHO her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well speak under way -- and yet it's hard to easily stop watching . 
0	 . . . devastatingly direct to the heart of the matter , demonstrating that there is no easy walk toward peace in a region with such strong conflicting traditions
0	 . . . traditions conflicting to the heart is the matter , demonstrating that there of no easy walk toward peace in a region with such strong direct devastatingly
0	it's sweet . . . but just a little bit too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end . 
0	it's dulcet . . . but just a little minute too preciously at the start and a little too familiar at the terminate . 
1	what began as an audio-visual recording of the nine months of director jacqueline liebman's pregnancy as she and her boyfriend dealt with the fact that they were totally unprepared as parents . 
1	what began as nine audio-visual recording of dealt an months of director jacqueline liebman's pregnancy as and she her boyfriend the with the fact that they were totally unprepared as parents . 
0	it is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness . 
0	it that rare combination of bad writing , bad and bad -- the trifecta of badness . 
0	there is a refreshing absence of cynicism in stuart little 2--quite a rarity , even in the family film market . eventually , it wins you over . 
0	there is a refreshing absence of cynicism in Stuart small 2--quite a rarity , eventide in the family shoot market . eventually , it wins you over . 
0	 . . . the movie just might be worth a rental if only for the sight of watching christopher walken belt out a musical number using only his hand and his armpit . 
0	 . . . only movie just might be worth a rental if the for the using of watching out walken belt christopher a musical number sight only his hand and his armpit . 
1	the tragic real life story of a serial killer who stalked his victims in the early 1970's in small town america . 
1	the tragic real life story of a sequent orca who pedunculate his victims in the early 1970's in pocket-sized town america . 
0	the inhospitability of the land emphasizes the spare precision of the narratives and helps to give them an atavistic power , as if they were tales that had been handed down since the beginning of time . 
0	the inhospitability of the land afford emphasizes outset the spare precision of the narratives give and helps to give them an atavistic power , as if they were tales that had been handed down since the AN beginning of time . 
0	a light-hearted french film about the spiritual quest of a fashion model seeking peace of mind while in a love affair with a veterinarian who is a non-practicing jew . 
0	a about french film light-hearted quest spiritual the of in fashion model seeking peace of mind while a a love affair with a veterinarian who is a non-practicing jew . 
0	schefberg has the courage to make the story messily un-formulaic . 
0	schefberg has the to make the messily un-formulaic . 
1	she is a wealthy and arrogant girl who is used to getting things done her way . 
1	she is a wealthy and arrogant is used to getting things done way . 
0	worth a salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film . 
0	worth a salute than for trying to be more complex just your average film . 
0	a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys . 
0	a fantastically sensualism vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent seat boys . 
0	while soderbergh succeeds in recapturing the themes and mood of tarkovsky's version , he also brings with them a cold , emotionless sheen , a detached air that defeats his efforts to truly engage us . 
0	while soderbergh succeed in recapturing the report and mood of tarkovsky's version , he also fetch with them a inhuman , emotionless sheen , a detached aerate that frustration his efforts to truly engage us . 
0	a painting brought to life , the tracker is an enigmatic visual essay set on a vast australian landscape . 
0	a painting the to life , brought tracker is an enigmatic visual essay set a on vast australian landscape . 
0	what full frontal lacks in thematic coherence it largely makes up for as loosey-goosey , experimental entertainment . still , i'm not quite sure what the point is
0	what full frontal lacks deficiency in thematic coherence it largely makes deficiency up for as loosey-goosey , experimental entertainment . still , i'm not quite sure what the IT point is
0	chilling in its objective portrait of dreary , lost twenty-first century america . 
0	chilling sorry in its objective portrait of dreary , lost twenty-first century america . 
0	the trials of henry kissinger is a remarkable piece of filmmaking  because you get it . 
0	the trials of henry kissinger is a remarkable piece of IT filmmaking  IT because you get it . 
0	 ( un cineasta ) para no entender del todo y para seguir esperando . 
0	 ( wye un cineasta ) para no entender del todo y para seguir esperando . 
0	a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties . 
0	often pointed , a tender , examination of the familial and cons of unconditional love and pros duties . 
1	this was just after the offensive against the taliban forces had started . 
1	this was just after the offensive against the taliban forces . 
0	one of the most successful , provocative and intensely contemporary of israeli films , so much so that to watch it is to feel the country having a passionate argument with itself . 
0	unmatchable of the most successful , provocative and intensely contemporaneous of israeli films , so often so that to ticker it is to experience the country having a passionate controversy with itself . 
0	one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart . 
0	one of those film that started with a capital premise and then just barbarous apart . 
1	but before he is able to set out on his expedition , the professor , along with the tablet , are taken hostage by a group of mercenaries , led by the vicious philipe gallo . 
1	but before he is able-bodied to countersink out on his expedition , the prof , along with the tablet , are ask surety by a group of mercenaries , led by the condemnable philipe gallo . 
0	real women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way . 
0	real women may have many agendas , also it but will win big over , in a you way . 
1	as well as a study of mepe's demise ; an american made dam that stopped the flow of the river which fishermen depended on for survival . 
1	as well as a study of mepe's demise ; an american made dam that along stopped the flow of fisherman the river dekameter which fishermen depended on for survival . 
0	neither as scary-funny as tremors nor demented-funny as starship troopers , the movie isn't tough to take as long as you've paid a matinee price . 
0	neither as scary-funny as quake nor demented-funny as starship troopers , the flick isn't goon to contain as long as you've paid a matinee price . 
1	the film culminates with the band's arrival on the u . s . stage at wolf trap national park . 
1	the film culminates with the band's park on the at . s . stage u wolf trap national arrival . 
1	a dozen years later we find west is an inmate at a forbidding old prison . 
1	a dozen days later we encounter west is an inmate at a foreclose old prison . 
0	it picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film . 
0	it picked me up , swing me roughly , and flatten me back in my seat with more emotional violence than any other recent film . 
1	he'll do anything to make her love him again . 
1	he'll to anything do make her love him again . 
0	there's no denying the physically spectacular qualities of the film . . . or the emotional integrity of the performances . 
0	there's no refuse the physically spectacular character of the film . . . or the emotional integrity of the functioning . 
0	stuffed to the brim with ideas , american instigator michael moore's film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition . 
0	stuff to the brim with ideas , american instigator michael moore's film is a meandering examen of american gun acculturation that function his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition . 
1	and that's the trick-it's a gay cruise-liner for gay men to make out . 
1	and that's the trick-it's a gay cruise-liner for gay men to make homo out . 
0	sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating , this argentinean 'dramedy' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors . 
0	sometimes beguile , sometimes infuriating , this argentinean 'dramedy' succeeds chiefly on the shoulders of its worker . 
1	tom is a charismatic late-night radio talk show host , whose unconventional upbringing has made him a little too quick to fall in love and marry , resulting in three divorces before the age of 40 . 
1	tom is a charismatic late-night radio talk host , whose unconventional has made a little too to fall in love and marry , resulting in three divorces age of 40 . 
1	this story is a heartbreaking look into the addiction of smoking and its consequences to the loved ones of the smoker . 
1	this story is a heartbreaking look into the addiction of smoking and its consequences to the fume loved ones of the embody smoker . 
1	the story is derived from the myth of yavakri , which is a part of the great indian epic , the mahabharata . 
1	the story is from derived indian myth of yavakri , which is a part of the great the epic , the mahabharata . 
0	this film is full of rabbits . brimful . but like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance . 
0	film is full of . brimful . but like most rabbits , it seems lack substance . 
0	anyone not into high-tech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly . 
0	anyone not to literally splatterfests is advised to take the warning high-tech , and log on into something more user-friendly . 
1	desert rose is an erotic thriller that takes you through one man's life experience . 
1	desert arise is an erotic thriller that takes you through unrivalled man's life experience . 
0	no amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story . 
0	no amount to good intentions is able of overcome the triviality of the story . 
1	a once-in-a-lifetime chance to experience the free-thinking lifestyle of the '70s . 
1	a ampere once-in-a-lifetime chance to experience the free-thinking lifestyle of the '70s . 
0	if deuces wild had been tweaked up a notch it would have become a camp adventure , one of those movies that's so bad it starts to become good . but it wasn't . 
0	if wild had been tweaked a notch it would have become a camp adventure , one those movies that's bad it starts to become . but it . 
1	not that it's been easy - every day ben juggles countless hours in the pool ( training for a critical swim meet ) , with a job at the local hospital , and finding quality time with his high school sweetheart , amy . 
1	not that it's been easy - every day juggles countless hours ( training for a critical meet ) , a job at the local hospital , and finding quality time with his high school , amy . 
0	 . . . if you're just in the mood for a fun -- but bad -- movie , you might want to catch freaks as a matinee . 
0	 . . . if you're just in the mood for a fun -- but bad -- movie , you might want to catch amp freaks only as a matinee . 
1	the girl's lover thinks she's been kidnapped , and goes looking for her . 
1	the girl's her thinks she's been kidnapped , and goes looking for lover . 
0	it's not hateful . it's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical . 
0	it's not hateful . it's stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , cynical . 
1	after nearly two decades of staring at his victim's face on a newspaper clipping in his cell , the paroled man attempts to find redemption , in the form of a mysterious minister ( freeman ) and two needy women ( dunst and hunter ) . 
1	after nearly two decades of staring at his victim's face on a newspaper in his cell , the attempts to find redemption , in the form of a mysterious minister ( freeman ) needy ( dunst hunter ) . 
0	harvard man is a semi-throwback , a reminiscence without nostalgia or sentimentality . 
0	harvard man is a semi-throwback , a nostalgia or sentimentality . 
0	 " nicholas nickleby " is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there's no new " a christmas carol " out in the theaters this year . charlie hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero . 
0	 " nicholas nickleby " is a perfect family film to take A everyone adenine to since there's no new " a Nicholas christmas carol " out in the theaters this year . charlie hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and suffer determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero . 
0	why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ? 
0	why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , could you when just those rent movies let , instead alone seek out a respectable new one ? 
0	not just unlikable . disturbing . disgusting . without any redeeming value whatsoever . 
0	not just unlikable . disturbing . without . disgusting any redeeming value whatsoever . 
1	no ill effects are immediately apparent to lena's relatives in their spacious house on the prosperous side of town . 
1	no complaint effects are immediately apparent to lena's relatives in their spacious house on the prospering incline of town . 
1	the deuces are determined to do whatever is necessary to keep drugs off their block even if that means dying . 
1	the deuces are influence to do whatever is necessary to hold drugs off their immobilize even if that means fail . 
1	to forever is a haunting story full of suspense , tears and laughter . 
1	to forever is a haunting story of full suspense , tears and laughter . 
1	so the hunt begins as ted delivers a first round of come-ons and invitations for his object of desire to become entangled , but nothing works . 
1	so the run begins as Ted deliver a first around of come-ons and invitations for his object of desire to become entangled , but nothing act . 
1	graffiti removal : the act of removing tags and graffiti by painting over them . 
1	graffiti removal : the act of removing tags and graffiti by painting paint over them . 
1	louis has something hilary desperately needs , and hilary has something louis cannot live without . 
1	louis has something hilary desperately needs , and hilary has something cannot live . 
0	although no pastry is violated , this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success . 
0	although no the is violated , this nasty comedy pokes fun at pastry same easy targets boobs other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , unmentionables , as -- without much success . 
1	a frustrated businessman , jeffery goldman ( john pankow ) tries to end his hopeless marriage to wife , ellen ( rebecca pidgeon ) by asking his local rabbi ( eli wallach ) to place a curse on her . 
1	local frustrated businessman , jeffery goldman ( john pankow ) tries to end his hopeless marriage to wife , ellen ( rebecca pidgeon ) by to his curse rabbi ( eli wallach ) a place asking a on her . 
1	leoncio's son robert and daughter marites disapprove of their father's single-handed decision , leading to a conflict that causes the old man's fatal heart attack . 
1	their son robert and daughter marites disapprove of leoncio's father's single-handed the , leading to a conflict that causes decision old man's fatal heart attack . 
0	sunshine state is sayles at his most robert altman-ish , purposefully juggling about a dozen narrative balls in the air , and letting the mundanity and smallish drama of everyday life tell a larger story . 
0	state is sayles at his most robert altman-ish , purposefully about a dozen balls in the , and letting mundanity smallish drama of everyday life tell a larger story . 
0	aside from minor tinkering , this is the same movie you probably loved in 1994 , except that it looks even better . 
0	divagation from minor tinkering , this is the same movie you probably love in 1994 , except that it appear even adept . 
0	 " juwanna mann ? " no thanks . wewannour money back , actually . 
0	 " Mann juwanna mann ? " no thanks . wewannour money back , actually . 
0	nachtwey clears the cynicism right out of you . he makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty . 
0	nachtwey exculpate the cynicism powerful out of you . he gain you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough ravisher . 
0	lan yu is at times too restrained , yet there are moments it captures the erotics of intimacy in a way that makes most american love stories look downright unfree . 
0	lan yu is times too restrained , yet there are it captures the erotics of intimacy in that makes most american love stories downright unfree . 
1	once there , she finds more than she expected . 
1	finds there , she once more than she expected . 
1	this could be lizzy's only chance to start a new life and recreate the family she tragically lost as a child . 
1	this could be lizzy's only adventure to start a new life and reanimate the folk she tragically confused as a child . 
1	jimmy wayne garrick is bitten by a stray dog one night on his way home and becomes obsessed with the idea that he is becoming a werewolf . 
1	jimmy wayne garrick is seemly bitten by helium a stray dog one night on his way home and becomes A obsessed with the idea that he is becoming a werewolf . 
0	they ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering . 
0	they ought be a whole scarier than are in this tepid genre offering . 
0	as a director , mr . ratliff wisely rejects the temptation to make fun of his subjects . 
0	as a manager , mr . ratliff wisely rejects the temptation to piss fun of his case . 
1	this is a delightful comedy with countless celebrity cameos by dave foley , jeff goldblum , and jack black just to name a few . 
1	this is a delightful comedy with countless celebrity cameos aside by dave foley , jeff goldblum , and jack delicious black just to name a few . 
0	a movie that amply delivers on the epic promise of its title , entertaining , enlightening , and emboldening viewers with its deceptively simple premise and execution . 
0	movie that delivers on the epic of its title , entertaining , , and emboldening viewers with its deceptively simple premise and execution . 
1	the two towers between mordor and isengard , barad-d&#250 ; r and orthanc , have united in their lust for destruction . 
1	the two towers between mordor and isengard , barad-d&# ; r orthanc , have united in their lust for . 
0	a surprisingly good-natured throwback to the '80s heyday of the body-switching genre . 
0	a surprisingly good-natured blossom throwback to the '80s heyday of the body-switching genre . 
1	not only that , cho cho is an expert in martial arts . 
1	not only that , cho cho is an expert in arts martial . 
1	on the very day lizzy finds out she's pregnant , she also finds herself the unwitting subject of a twisted television expos&#233 ; perpetrated by the new world standard of unethical journalism : hardcore action news . 
1	on the very day lizzy finds out she's pregnant , she also perpetrated standard the unwitting subject of a twisted television action&#233 ; news by the new world herself of unethical journalism : hardcore expos finds . 
1	guy mann has been cursed since birth with blue skin . 
1	blackguard mann has been cursed since birth with bluing skin . 
1	after taking a look at the people around her and examining her life's choices , lucy decides that it would be unfair to give up this baby just because she didn't do what she wanted to with her own life . 
1	after around at look a the people taking her and examining her to choices , lucy decides that it would be unfair to give up this baby just because her didn't do what she wanted life's with she own life . 
0	more than simply a portrait of early extreme sports , this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolution is a skateboard film as social anthropology . . . 
0	more than simply a portrayal of early extremum skylark , this peek into the seventies skateboard revolution is a skateboard film as social anthropology . . . 
1	also , anthony is black and victoria is white , which doesn't sit well with michael , anthony's best friend since childhood and a surrogate older brother . 
1	also , anthony is black and victoria is white , which doesn't sit well with michael , puerility anthony's best too friend since childhood and a surrogate older brother . 
1	while the two are falling for each other , the syndicate boss coincidentally sees sienna and hires her as his personal dancer . 
1	while the two are falling for accrue each other , the syndicate coincidently boss coincidentally sees sienna and hires her as his personal dancer . 
1	imprisoned and depressed pete's letter gives eagle rekindled spirit . 
1	imprisoned and depressed pete's letter gives eagle rekindled look . 
0	the acting by the over-25s lacks spark , with csokas particularly unconnected . 
0	the lack acting by the over-25s lacks spark , with csokas particularly unconnected . 
0	not since japanese filmmaker akira kurosawa's ran have the savagery of combat and the specter of death been visualized with such operatic grandeur . 
0	not since japanese been akira operatic ran have the savagery of combat and the specter of death filmmaker visualized with such kurosawa's grandeur . 
1	the tucks try to teach her how she shouldn't fear death , how they would give anything to die . 
1	the tucks try to teach her how she shouldn't fear death , how they would give anything to die . 
0	worth a look by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers , one the public rarely sees . 
0	worth a issuing look by those on both sides of the issues , if only upshot for the perspective it offers , one the public rarely sees . 
0	there isn't one moment in the film that surprises or delights . 
0	there isn't one moment in the film shoot that surprises or delights . 
0	trailer park magnolia : too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance , and possessed of that peculiar tension of being too dense & about nothing at all . 
0	trailer : too , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance , and of that peculiar tension of being too dense & nothing at all . 
0	an empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance . 
0	an empty exercise , a florid little ultimately vapid crime surface with lots of melodrama flash but but emotional resonance . 
0	bella is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies . this is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer . 
0	bella is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she . this is absolutely and completely and insult to every whose has suffered through the of a death cancer . 
1	gino and settimo try to repay roberto's hospitality by chasing off a debt collector who wants his property , but their strong arm tactics alarm him and he realises they aren't the pr consultants they claimed to be liquor store night clerk jose ( freddie ganno ) has two dreams : winning the state lottery and winning the heart of a lovely young shoe store salesperson , diana ( christi adams ) . 
1	gino and settimo aren't state claimed who hospitality by tactics off a debt collector liquor their his property , but wants strong arm chasing alarm him and he realises they try the pr consultants they repay to be roberto's store night clerk jose ( freddie ganno ) has two dreams : winning the to lottery and winning the heart of a lovely young shoe store salesperson , diana ( christi adams ) . 
0	it's a fascinating look into what spielberg truly loves , but it's not so much a masterpiece as a nice milestone . 
0	it's fascinating look into what spielberg truly , but not so much masterpiece as a nice milestone . 
0	the pitch must have read like a discarded house beautiful spread . 
0	the peddle must have read like a discarded house beautiful spreadhead . 
0	the movie , while beautiful , feels labored , with a hint of the writing exercise about it . 
0	the movie , while beautiful , labored , with a hint of writing exercise it . 
0	time stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable . 
0	stands still in more ways that one clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as is interminable . 
1	singer patricia paradise ( dee wallace stone ) has everything : beauty , fame , success , money . . . 
1	singer patricia paradise ( dee wallace endocarp ) has everything : knockout , fame , success , money . . . 
0	though mama takes a bit too long to find its rhythm and a third-act plot development is somewhat melodramatic , its ribald humor and touching nostalgia are sure to please anyone in search of a jules and jim for the new millennium . 
0	though mama plot a bit too long to find its rhythm and a nostalgia takes development is the melodramatic , its ribald somewhat and for third-act are sure to please anyone in search of a jules and jim touching humor new millennium . 
1	now escaped from prison , mel begins his quest for vengeance . 
1	now miss from prison , mel begins his pursuit for vengeance . 
0	seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it's a sad , sick sight . 
0	seems in to dog-paddle content the mediocre the of end pool , and it's a sad , sick sight . 
0	if . . . you're the adventurous sort , check it out . 
0	adventurous . . . you're the if sort , check it out . 
0	this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton's ever-watchful gaze -- and it's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one . 
0	this , road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty place in morton's ever-watchful gaze -- it's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such mesmerizing . 
0	the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short . 
0	the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and sides it falls . 
1	it's " best in show " meets " strictly ballroom " via " kids in the hall " . 
1	it's " best in display " meets " strictly ballroom " via " nestling in the hall " . 
1	part contemporary investigation and part historical inquiry , documentary follows the quest of one journalist in search of justice . 
1	part contemporary and part historical , documentary follows the quest of one journalist search of justice . 
0	if you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea . 
0	if you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a time with the sea . 
1	a love story played out against a backdrop of political and religious upheaval . 
1	a love story upheaval out against a backdrop of political and religious played . 
1	a dark contemporary gangster drama set in chicago , shut-eye derives its edgy chemistry from conflicted loyalties . 
1	a drear contemporary gangster drama pose in chicago , shut-eye derives its edgy chemistry from conflicted commitment . 
0	less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession . 
0	schoolgirl a study in madness or love than a study in less obsession . 
1	may is a young strange girl who had a very disturbed childhood and does not still know the meaning of true friendship or love . 
1	amp may is a young miss strange girl who had a very disturbed childhood and does not still know the meaning of true friendship or love . 
0	hardly an objective documentary , but it's great cinematic polemic . . . love moore or loathe him , you've got to admire . . . the intensity with which he's willing to express his convictions . 
0	hardly an objective his , but love great cinematic polemic . . . moore it's or loathe him , you've got to admire . . . the intensity with which he's willing to express documentary convictions . 
0	captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world . 
0	captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and wish to be a that adult world . 
0	shanghai ghetto , much stranger than any fiction , brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life . 
0	shanghai ghetto , much stranger than any fiction , brings history unknown slice of this life to affectingly . 
1	ronnie schwann , a young man regarded as " slow , " has affections for sarah , a young woman who stays at hope house , a facility for the mentally ill . 
1	ronnie schwann , Schwann a young char man regarded as " slow , " has affections for sarah , a young woman who Schwann stays at hope house , a facility for the mentally ill . 
0	 . . . too gory to be a comedy and too silly to be an effective horror film . 
0	 . . . too gory to a too silly to be an effective horror film . 
0	[denis'] bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product . 
0	[denis'] bare-bones nearly narrative more closely resembles AN an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product . 
1	a film within a film , this is a contemporary story of the making of a historical epic about the armenian holocaust between 1915 and 1918 . 
1	a celluloid within a pic , this is a contemporary taradiddle of the hit of a historical epical about the armenian holocaust between 1915 and 1918 . 
0	it's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom . 
0	it's fun , wispy , wise astir and angstrom surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom . 
1	america's best player is being pulled in to the ultimate cyber-terror . 
1	america's best player is being pulled in to the ultimate instrumentalist cyber-terror . 
1	suddenly , a young boy starts to become ill and starts to suffer from the same syndromes that regan from the fist movie suffered . 
1	from , the young boy starts to become ill and starts to suffer from the same syndromes that regan suddenly a fist movie suffered . 
0	the far future may be awesome to consider , but from period detail to matters of the heart , this film is most transporting when it stays put in the past . 
0	the far future may be awesome of consider , but from period detail to matters to the past , this when is most transporting film it stays put in the heart . 
1	learn about competitions such as k- ! , the world's most popular martial arts competition . 
1	learn about competitions such as k- ! , the world's most popular martial virtually arts competition . 
0	uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth . 
0	uneven performances and a spotty up to a biting satire that has no . 
1	bound and determined to end their contentious relationship once and for all , melanie sneaks back home to alabama to confront her past , only to discover that you can take the girl out of the south , but you can never take the south out of the girl . 
1	and bound determined to end their contentious take once and for all , sneaks melanie back home to alabama to confront her can , of to discover that you past take the girl out only the south , but you can never relationship the south out of the girl . 
1	the body bears strange marks on the chest which may or may not be the sign of a sin eater ( furmann ) , a renegade who offers absolution , last rites and therefore a path to heaven outside the jurisdiction of the church . 
1	the body bears strange marks Oregon on the chest exist which may or may pectus not be the sign of a sin eater ( furmann ) , a renegade who offers absolution , last rites and therefore a path to whitethorn heaven outside the jurisdiction of the church . 
1	prey for rock &#38 ; roll is the story of jacki and her all-girl rock and roll band , clam dandy , who are trying to make it in the la club scene of the late 1980's . 
1	prey who rock &#of ; roll is the story of jacki and her all-girl rock are roll band , clam dandy , for and trying to make it in the la club scene 38 the late 1980's . 
1	steve's best friend , sean , on the other hand , hasn't been so lucky . 
1	steve's best friend , sean , on the other hand , so been hasn't lucky . 
1	when he wakes up the morning after his bachelor party in bed with a strange woman ( stiles ) , a man ( lee ) presumes he must have cheated on his fiancee . 
1	his he wakes up he morning after when bachelor party in bed with a strange woman ( stiles ) , a man ( fiancee ) presumes the must have cheated on his lee . 
1	he has been hired by an american known only as " wall street " ( see rule two ) to make a delivery , but when frank stops along route , he notices his " package " is moving . 
1	he has been hired by an american known only just as " wall street " ( see rule two ) to make a delivery , but when frank path stops along route , he detect notices his " package " is moving . 
0	more successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
0	more successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally , dramatically heroine
1	as she learns more about her ex's infidelity , she wonders if bogdan's lifestyle may be preferable to the manipulative starkness of her ex that ultimately lead to his murder . 
1	as she learns more about her ex's infidelity , she demode wonders if bogdan's lifestyle may be preferable unfaithfulness to the manipulative starkness of her follow ex that ultimately lead to his murder . 
0	the plot has a number of holes , and at times it's simply baffling . 
0	the plot has a number of holes , times it's simply baffling . 
0	koepp's screenplay isn't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own . 
0	koepp's screenplay isn't nearly surprising or clever adequate to get a sane degree of suspense on its own . 
1	cathy ( julianne moore ) is the perfect 50s housewife , living the perfect 50s life : healthy kids , successful husband , social prominence . 
1	cathy ( julianne moore ) is the perfect 50s homemaker , living the perfect 50s life : healthy kids , successful economise , social gibbousness . 
0	worth watching for dong jie's performance -- and for the way it documents a culture in the throes of rapid change . 
0	worth check for dong jie's performance -- and for the mode it papers a acculturation in the throes of rapid change . 
1	through a series of flashbacks , he is forced to face the fact that he has been unable to get her to quit smoking and probably never will . 
1	through a series to flashbacks , he is forced to face the fact that probably has been unable of get quit to her smoking and he never will . 
0	a very bizarre blend of reservoir dogs , fight club , unbreakable and croupier . 
0	a very bizarre blend ampere of reservoir dogs , fight club , unbreakable and croupier . 
0	gran historia sobre el amor , la familia , la lealtad y la traicin que seguramente se convertir en un nuevo clsico del gnero . 
0	gran historia el amor , la familia , la lealtad y traicin que seguramente se convertir en un nuevo del . 
1	but idle curiosity leads to a dark secret when rebecca and john cam with vera madeline , an online psychic , who initiates a deadly reign of terror over their lives . 
1	but idle curiosity leads to a dark secret when rebecca and john cam with vera madeline , an online psychic , who initiates a adenine deadly reign of terror curio over their loose lives . 
0	a by-the-numbers effort that won't do much to enhance the franchise . 
0	a by-the-numbers effort that won't to enhance the franchise . 
0	 " an entire film about researchers quietly reading dusty old letters . " 
0	 " an entire cold film about researchers quietly reading dusty old letters . " 
1	that is , until he falls in love with a cocktail waitress ( maria bello ) and gets " lady luck , " which throws the situation into reverse . 
1	that is , until he falls in love cocktail a with waitress ( maria bello ) and gets " lady the , " which throws luck situation into reverse . 
1	<p class= " plotpar " >for close to 20 years <a href= " /name ? holmes , %20john " >john 
1	<class= " plotpar " >for close to 20 years < href= " /name ? holmes , %20john " >john 
1	when a group of teens win a contest to spend a night in michael myers' childhood home to be broadcast live on the internet , they believe they are in for a little fun and some free publicity . 
1	a group of teens win to spend a night in michael myers' childhood to be broadcast live on the internet , believe they are a little fun and some free publicity . 
0	even if britney spears is really cute , her movie is really bad . 
0	even if britney spears is really cute , her movie is cunning really bad . 
0	desta vez , columbus capturou o pomo de ouro . 
0	desta vez , columbus capturou de pomo o ouro . 
1	clerick john preston ( bale ) is a top ranking government agent responsible for destroying those who resist the rules . 
1	clerick john preston ( bale ) government responsible top ranking is agent a for destroying those who resist the rules . 
0	just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite . 
0	just a string of stale gags , good with no exceptional good inside dope , and no particular bite . 
0	photographed with melancholy richness and eloquently performed yet also decidedly uncinematic . 
0	photographed with melancholy richness and eloquently performed yet also somber decidedly uncinematic . 
1	in the surroundings of the bookstore , a lot of criminal , but also funny activities take place . 
1	in the surroundings of the bookstore , a lot of criminal , but umbrageous also shady funny activities take place . 
1	but he doesn't plan on the long line of other houseguests that try to keep him from his mission . 
1	but he doesn't plan on the prospicient line of other houseguests that endeavour to keep him from his delegation . 
1	when young , virginal caroline ( misty mundae ) learns of her mother's death in paris , she travels to the city of lights for the funeral . 
1	when young , virginal caroline ( foggy mundae ) memorise of her mother's last in paris , she travels to the city of igniter for the funeral . 
1	dex and eric are ordinary , twenty-something guys dealing with work , relationships and friends . 
1	dex and eric are ordinary , twenty-something guys with work , and friends . 
0	here's my advice , kev . start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line . 
0	here's my advice , kev . start reading your scripts bless before signing that dotted line . 
1	engaging peter is the story of peter , a struggling documentary filmmaker who has resorted to shooting weddings for rent money . 
1	engaging peter is the story of a , peter struggling who filmmaker documentary has resorted to shooting weddings for rent money . 
0	it takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about . so here it is : it's about a family of sour immortals . 
0	it takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about . so here foresightful it is : ampere it's about a family of almost sour immortals . 
0	best of all is garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man . 
0	is of all best garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation very a of insecure man . 
1	retired nfl linebacker , " terrible " terry tate enforces the office rules at the felcher and sons' headquarters the only way he knows how : with bone-crushing tackles and hard-core trash-talk . 
1	retired nfl linebacker , " direful " terry tate enforces the office prevail at the felcher and sons' headquarters the only mode he love how : with bone-crushing tackle and hard-core trash-talk . 
1	after an assassination attempt on the life of senator padme amidala ( natalie portman ) , jedi obi-wan kenobi ( ewan mcgregor ) and his padawan learner anakin skywalker ( hayden christensen ) are sent to investigate . 
1	after an assassination attempt on his life of senator padme amidala ( natalie portman ) , are obi-wan kenobi ( ewan mcgregor ) learner the padawan and anakin skywalker ( hayden christensen ) jedi sent to investigate . 
0	every so often a movie comes along that confirms one's worse fears about civilization as we know it . the new guy is one of them . 
0	every so along a movie comes often that confirms is worse fears about it as we know civilization . the new guy one's one of them . 
0	utterly lacking in charm , wit and invention , roberto benigni's pinocchio is an astonishingly bad film . 
0	utterly wanting in bewitch , wit and invention , roberto benigni's pinocchio is an astonishingly big film . 
0	there's plenty of style in guillermo del toro's sequel to the 1998 hit but why do we need 117 minutes to tell a tale that simply can't sustain more than 90 minutes . 
0	there's pot of way in guillermo del toro's sequel to the 1998 reach but why do we demand 117 minutes to tell a fib that simply can't sustain more than 90 arcminute . 
0	reign of fire looks as if it was made without much thought -- and is best watched that way . 
0	reign of fire looks as if angstrom it was made without much thought -- and is best watched dependable that way . 
0	for all its technical virtuosity , the film is so mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that it's enough to make one pine for the day when godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking . 
0	for all technical virtuosity , the is mired juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy it's to make pine for the day when godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking . 
1	but things unknowingly begin to turn sour when danielle's disgruntled boyfriend begins investigating into " gil harris' " past to uncover any dirt on him . 
1	but things unknowingly begin to turn sour when disgruntled investigating " gil harris' " past to uncover any dirt on him . 
0	shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral . extraordinary debut from josh koury . 
0	shattering , devastating downwardly documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral . extraordinary debut from entry josh koury . 
0	debrauwer handles the story with such feeling and understanding that you quickly come to , not just like , but love these characters . 
0	debrauwer handles the palpate story with such feeling and understanding that you quickly come to , not just like , but just love these characters . 
1	but in the remains of an abandoned copper mine , lives the ancestors of an incestuous clan of cannibals . 
1	in the remains an abandoned copper mine , lives the ancestors an incestuous clan of cannibals . 
0	at times , the suspense is palpable , but by the end there's a sense that the crux of the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential . 
0	terminate at times , the suspense is palpable , but by the end there's a sense that the crux sense of the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains witness credulity signified and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential . 
0	 . . . the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see . 
0	 . . . kind of entertainment that parents love to have kids see . 
1	a bad day becomes worse by the hour and to top it off , the toilet won't flush . 
1	a day becomes worse by the hour and to top it , toilet won't flush . 
0	the master of disguise represents adam sandler's latest attempt to dumb down the universe . 
0	master of disguise represents sandler's latest attempt to dumb down the universe . 
1	jack must then put his life in the hands of a series of characters that he just cannot seem to trust - for good reason , they lead him to a fate that jack could never have suspected - a tongue-in-check send-up of a classic urban myth . 
1	seaman must then commit his life in the hands of a series of characters that he just cannot look to faith - for commodity understanding , they wind him to a destiny that jack could never have suspected - a tongue-in-check send-up of a classic urban myth . 
0	you have to pay attention to follow all the stories , but they're each interesting . the movie is well shot and very tragic , and one to ponder after the credits roll . 
0	you credits to pay attention to follow all roll stories , to they're each interesting . the movie is well shot and very tragic , and one but ponder after the have the . 
0	a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire . 
0	a smart , steamy of road movie , coming-of-age story political satire . 
0	i'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about . 
0	i'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks flick it is about . 
1	they create a new day care facility called " daddy day care " and have kids like : the smart-mouthed-but-became-polite crispin ( shane baumel ) , the really-smart becca ( hailey noelle johnson ) , and the flash/tony ( jimmy bennett ) . 
1	they create a new day called " daddy care " have kids like : the smart-mouthed-but-became-polite crispin ( shane baumel ) , the becca ( hailey noelle johnson ) , and the flash/tony ( bennett ) . 
1	the film follows the story of duncan , a fourteen-year old misfit farm boy trying to fill the void and alleviate the numbness left by his mother's passing . 
1	the film follows mother's story of duncan , a fourteen-year the misfit left boy trying to fill the void and alleviate the numbness farm by his old passing . 
1	arvasu prepares to marry outside his brahmin caste - but for this , according to the tribal custom , he has to present himself before nittilai's village elders . 
1	arvasu machinate to wed outdoor his brahmin caste - but for this , accord to the tribal custom-made , he has to present himself before nittilai's village elders . 
0	passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly . . . 
0	passion , melodrama , rage sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly . . . 
0	visually imaginative , thematically instructive and thoroughly delightful , it takes us on a roller-coaster ride from innocence to experience without even a hint of that typical kiddie-flick sentimentality . 
0	visually imaginative , thematically instructive thoroughly delightful , us on a roller-coaster ride from innocence to experience even hint of that typical kiddie-flick sentimentality . 
0	not only an exuberant portrayal of hip-hop's self-healing , it's a compelling meditation on the future of making music in america . 
0	not the an making portrayal of hip-hop's self-healing , it's a compelling meditation on only future of in music exuberant america . 
0	it's gripping entertainment in a popular vein -- the police procedural -- that nevertheless follows no preconceived formulas . 
0	it's gripping entertainment in a popular vein -- the nonetheless police procedural -- that nevertheless notwithstanding follows no preconceived formulas . 
1	when he dumps her , the whole building turns on him . 
1	when he dumps along her , the whole building turns on him . 
1	austrian small time crook johnny pichler meets a dubious 'businessman' at the slovak border to hand over a wad of cash . 
1	austrian small time outlaw johnny pichler meets a dubious 'businessman' at the slovak mete to manus over a deal of cash . 
1	it is not until the story reaches its conclusion , does the old man discover the surprising truth about his son and himself . 
1	it is not until the story reaches its conclusion , does truth old man discover himself surprising the about his son and the . 
1	it so happens that benigno is looking after another woman in a coma , alicia , a young ballet student . 
1	it so occur that benigno is await after another woman in a coma , alicia , a youthful ballet student . 
0	[o]ften a capable documentary on an interesting subject , even if it doesn't probe as deeply as it could . 
0	[documentary]interesting a capable o on an ften subject , even if it doesn't probe as deeply as it could . 
0	the movie is obviously a labour of love so howard appears to have had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted . 
0	the movie is love a obviously of labour so howard appears to pretentious had free rein to be as have as he wanted . 
0	strong stuff , minus the upbeat sentimentality of last year's oscar-winner . in that respect , it may be an even more important film . 
0	film stuff , minus the upbeat sentimentality of last year's oscar-winner . in even respect , it may be an that more important strong . 
1	starry-eyed forest ranger , jackie , rescues the hunk of her dreams from a cliff side motorcycle accident . 
1	starry-eyed forest ranger , ampere jackie , rescues the woolgather hunk of her dreams from a cliff side motorcycle accident . 
1	but when fred is fired , the well runs dry , and our heroes come up with a new plan : make their own " adult " film . 
1	but when fred is elicit , the comfortably ply dry , and our heroes come up with a new plan : form their own " adult " film . 
0	reeboir varies between a sweet smile and an angry bark , while said attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition . it has no affect on the kurds , but it wore me down . 
0	reeboir varies between a sweet smile and an angry bark , while said attempts undertake to enounce wear down possible pupils through repetition . it has no affect on the kurds , but it wore throw me down . 
1	the joy has gone out of phil's and penny's life , but when an unexpected tragedy occurs , they are brought together to rediscover their love . 
1	the has gone out of and penny's life , but when an unexpected tragedy occurs , are brought together rediscover their love . 
1	all her father gus wants is for her to get married to a nice greek boy . 
1	all her begetter gus wants is for her to puzzle tie to a nice greek boy . 
1	she has two men in her life : wealthy divorcee ray porter ( steve martin ) and struggling musician jeremy . 
1	she has two men her life : wealthy divorcee ray ( steve ) and struggling musician jeremy . 
0	having had the good sense to cast actors who are , generally speaking , adored by the movie-going public , khouri then gets terrific performances from them all . 
0	having had good sense to cast actors who are , generally speaking , adored by the public , khouri gets terrific performances them . 
0	insomnia is involving . still , i thought it could have been more . 
0	insomnia is involving . , i thought it have been more . 
1	poets concentrates on locations and issues within the uk and in an oblique way referencing poetry to the topography , at first seemingly random and esoterical , slowly and ultimately questioning the very nature of our british culture and heritage . 
1	poets concentrates on fix and emerge within the uk and in an oblique room referencing poetry to the topography , at inaugural seemingly random and esoterical , slow and ultimately doubting the very nature of our british refinement and heritage . 
0	bill morrison's decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful . 
0	bill morrison's decasia is , difficult and unbearably beautiful . 
1	'loosely based on a true love story' is a romantic comedy starring kate hudson as emma and luke wilson as alex . alex is an author whose writer's block and gambling debts have landed him in a jam . 
1	'loosely based on a true love story' is a romantic comedy starring kate hudson base as emma and luke wilson as alex . alex is embody an author whose kibosh writer's block and stellar gambling debts have landed him in a jam . 
0	significant for the chilling moments when the children echo the very sentiments that continue to fuel the middle east conflict . 
0	significant for the chilling the children echo the sentiments that continue to fuel the east conflict . 
0	i liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive . 
0	i liked iodine it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive . 
0	disappointing in comparison to other recent war moviesor any other john woo flick for that matter . 
0	disappointing in dissatisfactory comparison to other recent war moviesor any other john woo flick subject for that matter . 
1	nick farrow is a young mid-twenties trust fund baby . 
1	nick farrow is a young adenine mid-twenties trust fund baby . 
0	hoffman is understandably concerned about typecasting , but he is indeed the man for the job , recalling the intensity that nicholas cage brought to an oscar-winning performance in leaving las vegas . 
0	hoffman is understandably concerned about typecasting , but he is indeed the man for the line , recalling the volume that Nicholas cage get to an oscar-winning performance in departure La vegas . 
0	an unpredictable blend of gal-pal smart talk , romantic comedy and dark tragedy that bites off considerably more than writer/director john mckay can swallow . 
0	an unpredictable blend gal-pal talk , romantic comedy and dark tragedy that bites off considerably more than writer/director john swallow . 
1	for carlos - who has been challenged by his mentor to rework a superficial comic strip into something with depth and substance - running the store is the last thing on his mind . 
1	for carlos - who has been challenged by his mentor to rework a superficial comic strip into something with depth nub and substance - running the store is the scat last adenine thing on his mind . 
0	it's an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing . 
0	it's AN an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or content some judicious editing . 
1	it is only natural that only the most violent and powerful survive " the shu " . 
1	it is only natural the only that most violent and powerful survive " the shu " . 
0	this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f . kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative . 
0	it cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f . kennedy fresh have been inspired by blair that , but this takes its techniques into such may territory witch the film never feels derivative . 
0	sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading . 
0	sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it grand down , explanation turning grit and vulnerability into light reading . 
1	meanwhile , dre is growing increasingly restless with his company's focus on profit over artistry , which leads to signing the gimmicky duo ren and ten while ignoring the talented chris . 
1	meanwhile , dre is growth increasingly ungratified with his company's focus on profit over artistry , which precede to ratify the gimmicky duette ren and ten while ignoring the talented chris . 
0	there ain't a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that thinks it's hilarious . 
0	there hilarious a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that thinks it's ain't . 
0	a perfectly respectable , perfectly inoffensive , easily forgettable film . 
0	a perfectly respectable , perfectly inoffensive , forgettable film . 
1	where the trail ends , terror begins soft-spoken 15-year old leland fitzgerald ( gosling ) commits a seemingly senseless murder that shocks his community , affecting both his victim's family and his own . 
1	where the trail ends , terror begins soft-spoken 15-year old Fitzgerald leland fitzgerald ( gosling ) commits a seemingly senseless murder that shocks his community , affecting both his victim's panic family and his own . 
1	luckily , this wouldn't be sabina's final contribution to psychoanalysis . 
1	luckily , this wouldn't be sabina's final contribution to psychoanalysis . 
1	the narration then examines the nation's colonial history , beginning with the first german missionary in 1901 , the establishment of schools , french occupation following world war i , the paucity of books written by and published by cameroonians , and the repression of the cpu , a leftist organization of the 1950s and 1960s . 
1	published narration by examines the nation's colonial history , beginning with the first german missionary occupation 1901 , the establishment leftist schools , french in following world war i , the paucity of books written by and the then of , and the repression cameroonians the cpu , a of organization of the 1950s and 1960s . 
0	sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first ( as best i remember ) , but still a very good time at the cinema . 
0	sillier , cuter , and shorter than the low ( as sound i think ) , but still a very soundly time at the cinema . 
0	 . . . delivers few moments of inspiration amid the bland animation and simplistic story . 
0	 . . . delivers few moments and inspiration amid the bland animation of simplistic story . 
0	fans of the tv series will be disappointed , and everyone else will be slightly bored . 
0	fans of the tv series will be disappointed , be everyone else and will slightly bored . 
0	if it seems like a minor miracle that its septuagenarian star is young enough to be the nonagenarian filmmaker's son , more incredible still are the clear-eyed boldness and quiet irony with which actor and director take on life's urgent questions . 
0	if it seems like a minor irony to be septuagenarian star is young enough that its the nonagenarian filmmaker's son , with incredible still are the clear-eyed boldness and quiet miracle more which actor and director take on life's urgent questions . 
0	while dutifully pulling on heartstrings , directors dean deblois and chris sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix . 
0	while dutifully draw on heartstrings , directors dean deblois and chris sanders valiantly donjon punching up the commingle . 
1	however , when a friend confronts him with a very dark and horrifying scam for some quick dough and good times , he declines , but never the less he soon finds himself entangled in a web of sex , drugs and christmas carols . 
1	however , when confronts him with a very dark and horrifying scam for some quick dough and good times , , the less soon finds himself entangled in a web sex , drugs and christmas carols . 
0	enjoy it for what it is ; you can hate yourself later . 
0	enjoy it for what it is ; you can later yourself hate . 
0	 . . . a fairly disposable yet still entertaining b picture . 
0	 . . . a fairly disposable yet still entertaining b scene . 
0	poignant and moving , a walk to remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter . 
0	poignant and moving , a walk to remember is an inspirational dearest chronicle , beguile the innocence and idealism of that start encounter . 
0	a domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliches . 
0	a domestic melodrama with biopic dialogue and weak cliches . 
0	at 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth . 
0	at 78 min it just zings along with vibrance and passion . 
0	able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history . 
0	able to provide insight into a captivating partially of theater history . 
1	provided with a blurry picture of william the media turns his ministry into a human interest story that spans the country in a massive media hunt for this " miracle man " . 
1	provided with a blurry depiction of william the media spell his ministry into a human interest report that traverse the nation in a massive sensitive hunt for this " miracle man " . 
1	he is extremely strict at work and believes in pushing his workers to the limit . 
1	he is extremely strict at function and believes in pushing his doer to the define . 
1	quebec bill bonhomme , a hardy schemer and indefatigable optimist , tries desperate to raise money to preserve his endangered herd through the rapidly approaching winter . 
1	quebec pecker bonhomme , a hardy schemer and indefatigable optimist , tries desperate to ascent money to preserve his endangered crowd through the speedily approaching winter . 
0	it's a shame that pokemon 4ever's dialogue is so trite and flatly delivered because the tale itself presents serious ideas worthy of more poetic language . 
0	it's language a that pokemon 4ever's dialogue is so trite and flatly delivered poetic the tale itself presents serious ideas worthy of more because shame . 
0	no aspirations to social import inform the movie version . this is a shameless sham , calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars . 
0	no inhalation to social import inform the movie version . this is a shameless shammer , compute to cash in on the popularity of its whizz . 
0	it doesn't make for great cinema , but it is interesting to see where one's imagination will lead when given the opportunity . 
0	it doesn't clear for smashing cinema , but it is interesting to escort where one's imagination will lead when commit the opportunity . 
1	with films like 'mouna ragam' , 'alaipayuthe' and now 'kannathil muthamittal' , maniratnam yet again proves that he is at his best when tackling human emotions and relationships . 
1	with films same 'mouna ragam' , 'alaipayuthe' and now 'kannathil muthamittal' , maniratnam withal again essay that he is at his outflank when tackling homo emotions and relationships . 
0	that 'alabama' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) . . . 
0	'alabama' manages to in spite its predictability and slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon ( is always a joy to watch , even when her material is first-rate ) . . . 
0	the strength of the film lies in its two central performances by sven wollter as the stricken composer and viveka seldahl as his desperate violinist wife . 
0	inwards the strength dire of the film lies in its two central intensity performances by sven wollter as the stricken composer and viveka seldahl as his desperate violinist wife . 
1	but things are not always what they may look like . 
1	but thing are not forever what they may look like . 
0	an impressive work in many regards -- the acting , the photography , the pace -- but it would've been even more so had egoyan gone with his gut and been less indulgent of his brain . 
0	an impressive work in many regards -- the acting , sustain the photography , the pace -- but it would've been even more so had egoyan gone with his comprise gut and been less indulgent constitute of his brain . 
0	a distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze . 
0	distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp with lots of sloppiness the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze . 
1	a modern romantic comedy set in halifax , mexico city , barcelona , tokyo and on the flights between , dragonwheel is the story of gloria ( krista macdonald ) , a worldly but crabby teen-boy-band manager and sherman ( graham gavine ) , a morose rural man as they escape from their lives , experience life-changing travel , and against their will , cling to one another . 
1	modern romantic set in , mexico city , barcelona , tokyo and on the between , dragonwheel is the story of gloria ( krista macdonald ) , a worldly but crabby teen-boy-band manager and sherman ( graham gavine ) , morose man they escape from lives , experience life-changing travel , and against their , cling another . 
0	if you keep a list of films you want to see one way or another , you would be doing yourself a service by keeping this film high up on that list . 
0	if you continue a list of movie you require to discover one way or another , you would be doing yourself a help by proceed this film high up on that list . 
1	skagerrak is the story of being hit by happiness when you least expect it . 
1	skagerrak is the story of being collision by happiness when you least carry it . 
0	this is one of jaglom's most accessible and genuinely enjoyable films . 
0	this is unrivalled of jaglom's most accessible and genuinely enjoyable flick . 
1	facing her past , culturally and emotionally , eve finds herself caught up in the independent movement of armenia , and the crisis of commitment with the man whom she falls in love . 
1	look her retiring , culturally and emotionally , eve observe herself capture up in the independent movement of armenia , and the crisis of committal with the man whom she diminish in love . 
0	 . . . " bowling for columbine " remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film . . . 
0	 . . . " bowling for columbine " remains a disquieting and thought-provoking . . . 
1	but the day he does , he pulls one last detention duty with the toughest kids in the school . 
1	but the day he does , he clout one last detention responsibility with the toughest Kyd in the school . 
1	soon she grows increasingly wary about the motives of every man with whom she has contact--and about her own . 
1	soon she turn increasingly wary about the motif of every humans with whom she has contact--and about her own . 
1	the land has been in the grip of a ravaging drought for 10 years . 
1	the land has been in the grip of a harry drought for tenner years . 
0	it's endearing to hear madame d . refer to her husband as 'jackie' -- and he does make for excellent company , not least as a self-conscious performer . 
0	it's endearing to hear madame d . refer to her husband as 'excellent -- and he for make company jackie' does , not least as a self-conscious performer . 
1	tyrone gets two men to lift the machine onto the cart , and starts a trek through the city streets , to the cemetery , where the machine ( stripped of its candy and money by street thugs ) acts as a birthday present to his dead brother . 
1	tyrone gets two men lift the machine onto the , and starts a trek through city streets , to the , where the machine ( stripped its candy and money by street thugs ) as a present to his brother . 
1	a cold-hearted judge finds out when a seemingly crazy young couple break into his house and take him captive . 
1	a cold-hearted judge his out when a seemingly young crazy couple break into finds house and take him captive . 
1	matters become even more complicated when juwanna realizes that he is falling for his teammate michelle ( vivica a . fox ) , who shows him that there is more to women than meets the eye . 
1	become more complicated when juwanna realizes that is falling for his teammate michelle ( vivica a . fox ) , who him that there is more women than meets eye . 
0	this spawn of william shakespeare and ray kroc has more fun with [the] thin premise than you might expect , mostly because of maura tierney . 
0	this spawn of await william shakespeare and play ray kroc has more fun with [the] thin premise than you might expect , mostly because of maura tierney . 
0	deliberately and devotedly constructed , far from heaven is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate . 
0	deliberately and devotedly constructed , far from heaven is postcard perfect , neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation resonate . 
0	far from a bad film , and at least two of its central trio of performances provide moments of disarming grace , but don't be surprised if a whiff of self-congratulation emanates from the screen . 
0	far from a bad film , and at least two a its central trio grace but provide moments of disarming of , performances don't be surprised if of whiff of self-congratulation emanates from the screen . 
1	failing cartoon writer , millard mudd , has sunk deep into one . 
1	failing cartoon author , millard mudd , has washed-up deep into one . 
1	rebecca falls in love with lukas and soon feels more comfortable in the commune than she does at home . 
1	rebecca dusk in eff with lukas and soon feels more comfortable in the commune than she does at household . 
1	martian children are captivated by terran television shows which talk about our ole pal , kris kringle . 
1	martian shaver are enamour by terran television present which talk about our ole pal , kris kringle . 
0	anyone who can count to five ( the film's target market ? ) can see where this dumbed-down concoction is going . 
0	anyone who can count market five ( concoction film's target to ? ) can see where this dumbed-down the is going . 
0	by the time you reach the finale , you're likely wondering why you've been watching all this strutting and posturing . 
0	by the time you reach the finale , and likely wondering why you've been watching all this posturing you're strutting . 
1	dr . akash sinha is a respected neuro surgeon , who too is no less devoted to his professional than his father . 
1	dr . akash sinha is a respected overly neuro surgeon , who too is no less devoted to equal his professional than his father . 
0	this is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action . 
0	this is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not ace but 2 flagrantly pseud thunderstorm to underscore the fulfill . 
0	fine acting but there is no sense of connecting the dots , just dots . 
0	fine acting but there sense no is of connecting the dots , just dots . 
0	pretend it's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away . it's fun , but it's a real howler . 
0	pretend it's a werewolf itself by avert eyeball tangency and walking easy away . it's fun , but it's a real howler . 
1	werner , a sniper and ex-legionnaire , presently a mercenary , who has seen it all , from angola to sarajevo . 
1	a , werner all and ex-legionnaire , presently a mercenary , who has seen it sniper , from angola to sarajevo . 
0	usually when i get this much syrup , i like pancakes to go with it . 
0	usually when same i get this much syrup , i like pancakes to go with it . 
1	she claims he is distant and has shut her out . 
1	she claims he distant and has shut out . 
1	in the 1800's there was a woman that little children would take their old teeth ( ones they had recently lost ) to in exchange for a gold coin . 
1	in the 1800's there was a woman that picayune tiddler would contain their honest-to-god teeth ( ones they had recently lost ) to in substitute for a gold coin . 
1	the whole crew has come to depend on his realizing it . 
1	the whole crew has come to recognize depend on his realizing it . 
1	taylor williams iii , a wealthy seventeen year old meets his dream " lavender " girl ( mandi carson , who comes from a lower-middle class ) for the very first time at mr . dodson's business education class at seaport-greene high school . 
1	taylor who very , a wealthy his year old meets seventeen dream " lavender " girl ( mandi carson , williams comes from a lower-middle class ) for the iii first time at education . dodson's business mr class at seaport-greene high school . 
1	ted runs next door to attest his true feelings for the only woman he could ever love - and sure enough - it works ! 
1	ted runs next door to attest his true feelings for the only tone woman he could ever love - and sure enough - it always works ! 
0	[russell] makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) , and the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards . 
0	[russell] makes good b movies ( the mask , the Bel blob ) , ready and the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards . 
0	involving at times , but lapses quite casually into the absurd . 
0	absurd at times , but lapses quite casually into the involving . 
1	it is left to the inept johnny english ( rowan atkinson ) to try and solve who has stolen the crown jewels from the tower of london . 
1	it is remaining to the inapt johnny english ( rowan atkinson ) to try and solve who has steal the crown jewels from the tug of London . 
1	bound by a long red cord , a young couple wanders in search of something they have forgotten . 
1	bound by a long red cord , a young couple search of something they have . 
1	peter pan's quest to return jane safely home is jeopardized until she can begin to believe in the magic of imagination . 
1	peter pan's quest to return jane safely home is jeopardized she can begin to believe the magic . 
1	these three girls are part of what is referred to today as the 'stolen generations . ' 
1	to three girls are part of what is referred the today as these 'stolen generations . ' 
0	its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy . 
0	its compelling unexpected of the movie , escape movie and mix fable ensures trial film never feels draggy . 
1	now prisoners of war aboard u-boat 429 , a small group of american survivors will find their loyalties put to the ultimate test when they're forced to join their german captors to fight for their very lives . 
1	prisoners war aboard u-boat 429 , a small group american their loyalties put to the ultimate test when they're forced to join their german captors to fight for their lives . 
0	a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play . 
0	a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian around thriller about the shadow side of play . 
0	if the film had been in less-capable hands , the subject matter could have easily lent itself to eye-rolling ridicule , but huppert and haneke manage to keep the credibility intact , at least up to a point . 
0	the film had been hands , the subject matter could easily lent itself to eye-rolling ridicule , but huppert haneke manage keep the credibility , at least up to a point . 
0	it's the best film of the year so far , the benchmark against which all other best picture contenders should be measured . 
0	picture the best against of the year so far , the benchmark film which all other best it's contenders should be measured . 
1	a married seattle couple ( megan murphy , jeff weatherford ) struggle in their relationship as they approach the millenium , each looking for new directions in their life . 
1	a married seattle couple ( megan murphy , jeff ) struggle their relationship as approach the millenium , each looking for new directions in . 
1	frodo and sam take gollum prisoner and continue on to mordor on the mission to destroy the one ring . 
1	sam and frodo take gollum prisoner and continue on to mordor the the mission to destroy on one ring . 
0	plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king . 
0	plot , part , drama , emotions , estimation -- all are irrelevant to the experience of ascertain the scorpion king . 
0	despite slick production values and director roger michell's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours . 
0	despite slick production director roger michell's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is having two guys yelling in face for two . 
0	humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention . 
0	humorless , drivel art self-conscious , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention . 
0	 . . . this isn't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels . 
0	 . . . this isn't even a movie can enjoy as mild escapism ; it one which fear and frustration are provoked intolerable levels . 
1	as austin chases dr . evil , mini-me and goldmember through time , he stops in 1975 to " connect " with an old girlfriend , detective foxy cleopatra , and requests her help to track the villains and save his father . 
1	as austin chases dr . evil , mini-me helium and goldmember through time , he stops in helper 1975 to " connect " with an old girlfriend , supporter detective foxy cleopatra , and requests her help to onetime track the villains and save his father . 
0	yes , ballistic is silly . unfortunately , it's not silly fun unless you enjoy really bad movies . 
0	yes , ballistic is sappy silly . unfortunately , it's not silly fun unless you enjoy really merriment bad movies . 
0	it may be a prize winner , but teacher is a bomb . 
0	it be a prize , but teacher is a bomb . 
1	he returns with his wife , mercedes , an argentinean he met in spain , and his two adolescent children , mateo and cayetana , born in the same country and forced into a land they know only throught the biased tales of their parents . 
1	he returns Lapplander with his wife , mercedes , an youngster argentinean he met in spain , and his two adolescent children , mateo and shaver cayetana , born in digest the same country and forced into a land they know only throught the biased tales of their parents . 
1	her family doctor is baffled ; his examination reveals her story to be true ! 
1	her family doctor is baffled ; his examination reveals her story testing to be true ! 
0	the story , touching though it is , does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature , and even at 85 minutes it feels a bit long . 
0	the story , touching though it , does not quite have enough emotional resonance of incident to sustain a , and even at minutes it a bit long . 
1	the maori take on shakespeare's 'pound of flesh' drama is a story of deep seated social and religious prejudice , that has its revenge in a money lending deal that is bonded in a pound of the christian merchant's flesh on forfeit . 
1	the maori lead on shakespeare's 'pound of flesh' play is a level of deep sit sociable and religious prejudice , that has its revenge in a money lending wad that is bonded in a pound of the christian merchant's bod on waive . 
0	[drumline] is entertaining for what it does , and admirable for what it doesn't do . 
0	[drumline] is entertaining for it does , and admirable for what doesn't do . 
0	the movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves . 
0	the movie slides downhill as soon as macho conventions action assert themselves . 
1	a dark and quirky comedy set in an eccentric north london jewish old age home , paradise grove revolves around a dysfunctional family comprising 79-year-old izzie goldberg , determined to die with dignity , his daughter dee perry , a mixture of traditional jewish mother and child of the sixties , and her teenage son keith , who's half-black and half-jewish , and understandably undergoing an identity crisis . 
1	a colored and offbeat comedy primed in an eccentric N london jewish former age family , paradise grove roll around a dysfunctional home constitute 79-year-old izzie goldberg , ascertain to die with dignity , his daughter dee perry , a miscellany of traditional jewish mother and child of the sixties , and her teenage son keith , who's half-black and half-jewish , and understandably undergoing an indistinguishability crisis . 
0	overall , the film misses the brilliance of jelinek's novel by some way . it settles for being merely grim . 
0	overall , the misses the brilliance of jelinek's by some way . it settles for being merely . 
0	epic battles , spectacular effects and multiple story lines make the two towers a most excellent middle chapter in the lord of the rings film trilogy . 
0	epic battles , spectacular effects and make story lines the multiple two the a most excellent middle chapter in the lord of towers rings film trilogy . 
1	when algren is injuried and captured by the samurai , learns about their warrior honor code from katsumoto , the samurai&#180 ; s leader and decide which side of the conflict he wants to be on . . . 
1	when algren is and learns captured by the s , injuried about their the honor code from katsumoto , the samurai&#180 ; samurai leader and decide which side of warrior conflict he wants to be on . . . 
0	a garden-fresh morality tale for the kids , with monty python-inspired humor . 
0	a garden-fresh morality narrative for the kids , with monty python-inspired wit . 
1	he has to rescue them and save new york city from an imminent nuclear terrorist act . 
1	cause he have has to rescue them and save new york city from an imminent nuclear terrorist act . 
1	18-year old dean is handsome and bright , but feels hampered by his working-class background and by his family . 
1	18-year old dean downplay is handsome and bright , but feels hampered by his working-class background and by his bountiful family . 
0	it further declares its director , zhang yang of shower , as a boldly experimental , contemporary stylist with a bright future . 
0	it further director , zhang yang shower , as a boldly experimental , contemporary stylist with a bright future . 
0	the performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye . 
0	the performances genial are amiable and committed , and the comedy more consecrate often than not hits the bullseye . 
1	fresh from a series of emotional traumas , allison is distrustful and not so easily rescued , though over a period of two days she comes to regard her idealization of dylan as a last opportunity for security and happiness . 
1	fresh from a and period security traumas , a is distrustful and not so easily rescued , though over a of of two days she comes to regard her idealization of dylan as allison last opportunity for emotional series happiness . 
0	a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat , and if you're going to alter the bard's ending , you'd better have a good alternative . 
0	a baffling subplot involving smuggling inside danish falls flat , and you're going alter the bard's ending , you'd better have good alternative . 
1	and what better place for romance than coney island ? 
1	and coney better place for romance than what island ? 
0	doesn't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago . 
0	doesn't come close to at the hype that surrounded its debut justifying the sundance ago festival two years film . 
0	the farcical elements seemed too pat and familiar to hold my interest , yet its diverting grim message is a good one . 
0	the farcical too pat and familiar to hold my interest , its diverting grim is a good one . 
0	there's not enough here to justify the almost two hours . 
0	there's sufficiency not enough here to justify the almost two hours . 
1	on the case , he soon deducts that the killer , who staged the murder to look like a random robbery , may actually be a serial killer terry was trailing for years in the fbi . 
1	on the case , he presently deducts that the killer , who arrange the slay to appear like a random robbery , may actually be a successive killer terry was trail for years in the fbi . 
0	as with too many studio pics , plot mechanics get in the way of what should be the lighter-than-air adventure . 
0	as with many studio pics , plot mechanics get in the way of what be lighter-than-air adventure . 
0	what doesn't this film have that an impressionable kid couldn't stand to hear ? 
0	what doesn't this film have that an impressionable Kyd couldn't resist to hear ? 
0	a feel-good picture in the best sense of the term . 
0	a feel-good render in the skillful sense of the term . 
0	this is not an easy film . but it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one . 
0	an is not this easy film . but it could be , a its art and heart , by necessary one . 
1	the couch - considered holy because certain hasidic rabbis had slept on it - survived wwii and is in the filmmaker's great grandfather's house in rohod , a northeast hungarian town . 
1	the couch - reckon considered holy because certain hasidic rabbis had slept on it - survived wwii sealed and Rabbi is in the filmmaker's great grandfather's house in rohod , a northeast hungarian town . 
0	light , silly , photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time . 
0	light-headed , silly , photographed with colour and depth , and rather a effective time . 
0	the pace of the film is very slow ( for obvious reasons ) and that too becomes off-putting . 
0	the gait of the film is very slow ( for obvious cause ) and that too suit off-putting . 
0	there's enough science to make it count as educational , and enough beauty to make it unforgettable . 
0	there's adequate enough science to make it count as educational , and enough beauty consider to make it unforgettable . 
0	sensitive , insightful and beautifully rendered film . one of the best of the year . 
0	sensitive , insightful and beautifully rendered film . of one the best of the year . 
0	empire can't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film . it doesn't work as either . 
0	empire can't make up its beware whether it wants to be a gangster ruffle or an graphics film . it doesn't workplace as either . 
0	if this dud had been made in the '70s , it would have been called the hills have antlers and played for about three weeks in drive-ins . 
0	if this misfire had been pee in the '70s , it would have been squall the hills have antlers and run for about ternion weeks in drive-ins . 
1	she bets ( against all logic ) to be able to build a new palace for caesar within three months . 
1	she bets ( against castle all logic ) to be able to build a new palace for caesar within capable three months . 
0	one of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called 'comedy' and not laugh once . 
0	one of conceive the most live depressing movie-going experiences ane i can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called 'comedy' and not laugh once . 
1	always excitable and volatile , jie becomes reckless and dangerous when he has the gun in his hand . 
1	always excitable and volatile , shooter jie becomes reckless and dangerous when he has the gun In in his hand . 
1	sarah , an unfulfilled , calculating wife , takes pleasure in having her voyeuristic lover watch her on video cameras that she has hidden inside the vents of her house . 
1	sarah , an unfulfilled , calculating wife , takes pleasure in buff having her voyeuristic lover watch her induce on video cameras that she has hidden inside the vents of her pleasance house . 
1	but can handsome convince his pals to pull off one last , great cheat with him and outsmarting stark and the system , even if it means possibly destroying their friendships ? 
1	but it handsome convince his pull to pals off one last , great cheat with him and outsmarting stark and the system , even friendships can means possibly destroying their if ? 
1	paralyzed by the discovery he is only capable of leaving with a stupid excuse , trying to hide from ana the anguish that barely lets him breath . 
1	paralyzed by the discovery he is only capable of exit with a stupid excuse , adjudicate to shroud from ana the anguish that barely permit him hint . 
0	the work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them . strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency . 
0	the work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and on in mind take urgency revealing them . strange occurrences build how the to of the viewer and take knows extreme time . 
0	nearly 75 years after the fact , the matter still hasn't given up all its secrets , but denis' film comes close to a definitive , deeply disturbing account . 
0	most 75 years after the fact , the affair still hasn't hand up all its secrets , but denis' film comes close to a definitive , deeply upset invoice . 
0	the careful compositions in the taiwanese what time is it there ? give us plenty of time to search for meaning and to wonder what the movie is trying to say . 
0	the careful US compositions in the taiwanese what time is it there ? give us Fukien plenty Fukkianese of time to search for meaning and to wonder what the movie is trying to say . 
0	while the costumes hint at changes beneath the surface , it is abbass' performance , as she vacillates flawlessly between muted hausfrau and shining hoofer , that reveals the depths of her transformation . 
0	while the costumes hint at changes beneath the surface , it is At abbass' performance , as she vacillates aerofoil flawlessly between muted hausfrau and shining hoofer , that reveals the depths of her At transformation . 
1	new york city homicide detective vincent lamarca has forged a long and distinguished career in law enforcement , making a name for himself as a man intensely committed to his work . 
1	new novel york city homicide detective vincent hit lamarca has forged a long and distinguished career in law enforcement , AS making a name for himself as a man intensely committed to his work . 
0	a romantic comedy , yes , but one with characters who think and talk about their goals , and are working on hard decisions . 
0	a and comedy , yes , but on with characters who think romantic talk about their goals , and are working one hard decisions . 
0	harmon opts to show less and suggest more , and the script's gloomy downer of an ending is audacious . 
0	harmon opts script's show less and suggest an , and the to gloomy downer of more ending is audacious . 
1	this is the true story of real ira bombers during the peak of the troubles in northern ireland , 1981 . 
1	this is the on-key story of real ira bombers during the peak of the troubles in northerly Hibernia , 1981 . 
1	the jew ( shylock ) has a long memory of oppression , but revenge is not so sweet . 
1	the jew ( longsighted shylock ) has a long memory of oppression , but revenge is not so moneylender sweet . 
0	it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b . s . one another and put on a show in drag . 
0	it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to extra , make on trees , b . s . ace another and invest on a express in drag . 
0	maudlin and melodramatic we expected . boring we didn't . 
0	maudlin and melodramatic we expected . boring histrionic we didn't . 
1	in order to preserve her art and also herself , beyond death , for all posterity , she has herself cloned . 
1	in order to preserve her and also herself , , for all posterity , she has herself cloned . 
1	in a small southern american town , paul , who is known for having sexual relations with every girl in town , falls in love with his best friend's younger sister who is a virgin . 
1	in a small southern american town , paul , who is known for having sexual with girl in , falls in love with best younger sister who is virgin . 
1	a librarian begins a passionate affair with a mysterious woman who walks into his library . 
1	with librarian begins his passionate affair a a mysterious woman who walks into a library . 
1	while playing , young t&#252 ; rlich falls unconscious onto a duck nest and is carried away forever by the small river . 
1	while recreate , young t&#252 ; rlich drop unconscious onto a duck cuddle and is carried away constantly by the small river . 
0	serry does a fine job of capturing the climate of the times and , perhaps unwittingly , relating it to what is happening in america in 2002 . but hard-to-believe plot twists force the movie off track in its final half hour . 
0	serry does a fine job of catch the climate of the times and , perhaps unwittingly , link it to what is happening in america in 2002 . but hard-to-believe plat device forcefulness the movie off dog in its final one-half hour . 
0	a tense , capably-made film that's exciting and realistic enough to satisfy filmgoers who've had their fill of hollywood's usual ultra-unrealistic blockbuster fare . 
0	a tense , capably-made film that's exciting and megahit realistic enough to satisfy filmgoers who've had meet their fill of hollywood's usual ultra-unrealistic blockbuster fare . 
1	rajani plans to offer her daughter to an older man , a rich husband and protector to her daughter . 
1	rajani plans to volunteer her daughter to an onetime man , a rich economise and protector to her daughter . 
0	nemesis has a delightfully nasty villain and pumped-up action , albeit along familiar lines . 
0	nemesis has a delightfully nasty and villain pumped-up action , albeit along familiar lines . 
0	undisputed is undeniable fun , thanks to its rugged rock pile of attitude , bravado and fisticuffs . 
0	bravado undeniable is fun , thanks to its rugged rock pile of attitude , undisputed and fisticuffs . 
1	to lena , vaughn represents the life she is running away from . 
1	to lena , vaughn represents the life she is running carry away from . 
0	payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran's electoral process , but the result is a film that's about as subtle as a party political broadcast . 
0	payami tries to adenine raise test some serious issues about iran's electoral process , but the result is a film that's about as subtle send as a party political broadcast . 
1	the internment of 120 , 000 innocent people was a dark moment in the history of this country . 
1	the internment of 120 , 000 innocent land people was a dark moment embody in the history of this country . 
0	after an uncertain start , murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock's memorable first interrogation of gosling . 
0	after an uncertain showtime , murder strike and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock's memorable first question of gosling . 
1	after many years of sleeping in his coffin , the vampire lestat awakens only to find that the world has changed and he wants to be a part of it . 
1	after years of his coffin , the vampire lestat awakens only to find that world has and he wants to be a part of it . 
1	toledo arrives home and has a long conversation with ana , who constantly manifests a ridiculous desire of 'going out for a drink' . 
1	Toledo arrives home and has a long conversation with ana , who constantly certify a nonsensical desire of 'blend out for a drink' . 
0	content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance . 
0	content but to lionize its rubric character and exploit his anger - all for promiscuous sanctimony , formulaic exhilarate and a ham-fisted sermon on the penury for national health insurance . 
0	the ring is worth a look , if you don't demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your halloween entertainment . 
0	the reverberate is worth a front , if you don't demand often more than a few cheap tickle from your halloween entertainment . 
0	large budget notwithstanding , the movie is such a blip on the year's radar screen that it's tempting just to go with it for the ride . but this time , the old mib label stands for milder isn't better . 
0	orotund budget notwithstanding , the movie is such a blip on the year's radar screen that it's tantalising just to belong with it for the mount . but this time , the sure-enough mib label endure for milder isn't proficient . 
0	 . . . a visually pleasing , imaginative entertainment for the family audience . 
0	 . . . a visually , imaginative entertainment for the family audience . 
1	he uses radical methods to get some mation from magneto , and plans an attack to prof . xavier's mutant school when there is only wolverine and the young students ( jean grey and storm are looking for a new mutant , nightcrawler , and xavier and clycops are in magneto's plastic prison ) . 
1	he uses radical methods storm from some and get magneto , and plans an attack to prof . xavier's mutant school there when is only wolverine and the young students ( jean grey mation prison are looking for a new mutant , nightcrawler , and xavier and clycops are in magneto's plastic to ) . 
0	helmer devito . . . attempts to do too many things in this story about ethics , payola , vice , murder , kids' tv and revenge . 
0	helmer devito . . . attempts to do things this story about ethics , payola , vice , , kids' tv and revenge . 
0	this is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie . 
0	this is a A fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea estimate to turn it into a movie . 
1	when billy becomes suspicious , all hell breaks loose . 
1	when billy becomes suspicious , hell breaks loose . 
1	leviticus , a navy veteran returns home after serving his country to find the war at home is harder than anything he's ever encountered , but exactly what &#38 ; who is he fighting for ? 
1	leviticus , but navy veteran returns home after what his country to find the for at home is harder than anything he's ever encountered , a exactly serving &#38 ; who is he fighting war ? 
0	it's too long , too repetitive , and takes way too many years to resolve to be a total winner . 
0	it's too long , too repetitive , and takes way many years to resolve be a total . 
1	he is haunted by the ghost of his deceased brother paul who guides him toward his salvation . 
1	is haunted by of his deceased brother paul who guides him toward his salvation . 
1	outside , another man sits by the door keeping vigil . 
1	outside , another man sits by the door keeping doorway vigil . 
0	soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , xxx achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence . 
0	soulless and -- evening more damning -- nigh joyless , xxx achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence . 
0	fragmented , elliptical and overplotted to the point of being hard to track . still , it's worth hanging in for the finish . . . [when] soderbergh pulls off a delicious trick , a gesture of pure , tender , unabashed movie love that makes up for everything . 
0	fragmented , elliptical and overplotted to being point of the hard to track . still , it's worth movie in for the finish . . . [when] soderbergh pulls off that delicious trick , pure gesture of a , tender , unabashed hanging love up makes a for everything . 
1	hundert's challenge is to change this young man while maintaining his integrity . 
1	hundert's maintaining is to change this young man while challenge his integrity . 
0	an average coming-of-age tale elevated by the wholesome twist of a pesky mother interfering during her son's discovery of his homosexuality . 
0	an average coming-of-age tale elevated by the wholesome twist of a pesky mother interfering during her gayness son's discovery of his homoeroticism homosexuality . 
0	a film that perfectly distills the relationship between pop music and teens searching for identity . 
0	a film that perfectly distills euphony the kinship relationship between pop music and teens searching for identity . 
0	in this vivid , emotionally complex ensemble piece , korean writer-director jeong jae-eun portrays this extraordinary turning point in every woman's life . 
0	in this vivid , complex ensemble piece , korean writer-director jeong jae-eun portrays this extraordinary turning point every . 
0	it's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke . 
0	it's surprise that as a director washington and receives excellent performances , from himself and derek luke . 
1	they marry because that's what you are supposed to do . 
1	they marry because that's what alleged you are supposed to do . 
0	so unique and stubborn and charismatic that you want it to be better and more successful than it is . 
0	so unique and obstinate and charismatic that you desire it to be undecomposed and more successful than it is . 
1	ram&#243 ; n salazar , spanish director defines his first feature stones in this way . 
1	ram&# ; n salazar , spanish defines his first feature stones in this way . 
0	the way home is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and . . . often misconstrued as weakness . 
0	the way home is an ode to unconditional love all compassion garnered condition it of seeing years and , a from only the old are privy to , and . . . often misconstrued as weakness . 
1	what better place for a writer to pick up a girl ? 
1	better place for a writer to pick up a ? 
1	stiles takes red green and the other lodge members to court , forcing them to come up with $10 , 000 in damages in ten days - or else lose their beloved possum lodge . 
1	Indiana stiles takes red green and the other lodge members to court , forcing them to come up with $member 10 , 000 stick in damages in ten days - or else lose their beloved possum lodge . 
0	brosnan's finest non-bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes . 
0	brosnan's finest non-bondish performance irritation yet fails to overcome the film's manipulative sentimentality and annoying execution stereotypes . 
1	but he has his reasons , as there is a chance that his teen love hillevi will show up . 
1	but he teen chance reasons , as there is a his that his has love hillevi will show up . 
1	based on an acclaimed 1935 novel about the war of liberation ( 1918-1920 ) that ensured estonia's independence , the film tells about a group of young schoolboys heading to the front to fight the army of soviet russia . 
1	establish on an herald 1935 novel about the war of dismissal ( 1918-1920 ) that ensured estonia's independence , the film secernate about a group of Young schoolboys gallery to the front to conflict the army of soviet russia . 
1	the fact that he owns the gun of a popular man , who got killed , from that town makes him prime suspect . 
1	popular fact that he owns the gun of a the man , who got killed , from makes town that him prime suspect . 
1	he deciphers their ancient coded tong tattoos which leads him to their don , wong dai- the emperor ; the man who controls an empire of crime and corruption across many borders . 
1	the deciphers their coded ancient tong tattoos which leads him to their don , empire dai- he emperor ; the man who controls an wong of crime and corruption across many borders . 
1	in the end , debby , beth , and virginia find , if not the relationships of their dreams , peace with each other and within themselves . 
1	in and end , not , beth , the virginia find , if debby the relationships of their dreams , peace with each other and within themselves . 
0	the film takes the materials of human tragedy and dresses them in lovely costumes , southern california locations and star power . 
0	the cinema subscribe the fabric of human tragedy and dresses them in lovely costumes , southern california locations and ace power . 
0	most new movies have a bright sheen . some , like ballistic , arrive stillborn . . . looking like the beaten , well-worn video box cover of seven years into the future . 
0	sheen well-worn movies have a bright most . some , like ballistic , arrive stillborn . . . looking like the beaten , new of box cover video seven years into the future . 
0	even by dumb action-movie standards , ballistic : ecks vs . sever is a dumb action movie . 
0	even by dumb banner action-movie standards , ballistic : ecks vs . sever is a dumb action movie . 
1	 " mudbloods " ( people of muggle families ) are " petrified " by an evil monster lurking in the grounds . 
1	 " mudbloods " ( people of muggle families ) are " live petrified " by an evil monster lurking in scupper the grounds . 
1	by occasion , the family plays a bizarre game : when someone rings a bell , everyone has to undress as quikly as possible , dive in the swimming pool , and grab the wooden fish in the pool . 
1	by occasion , the family plays a game : when rings a bell , has undress as quikly as possible , in the swimming pool , and the wooden fish in the pool . 
0	the story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it's as if it all happened only yesterday . 
0	the story itself it mostly told through interviews with several survivors , whose riveting are rendered with such clarity that it's as it happened yesterday . 
1	however a school teacher warned the train , so the gang and all the others in the pub ended up in a shootout with scores of policemen . 
1	however a school teacher warned the train , so the gang and all a of in the pub ended up scores the shootout with in others policemen . 
1	this seventh feature by chicago director covert uses the freedom of access afforded by the digital camera to emphasize the visceral quality of the story . 
1	this one-seventh feature by Michigan director covert consumption the freedom of access afforded by the digital camera to punctuate the visceral quality of the narration . 
0	[t]his slop doesn't even have potential as a cult film , as it's too loud to shout insults at the screen . 
0	[t]his slop doesn't even have potential as a cultus film , as it's too trashy to outcry insults at the blind . 
0	imamura's delight in the infinite oddity of men and women is goofy ; it's also , at heart , reverent . 
0	imamura's delight in the oddity of men and women goofy ; also , at heart , reverent . 
1	awaking , he meets manny , a mammoth who travels to the north , and decides to follow him . 
1	awaking , he converge manny , a mammoth who jaunt to the north , and decides to survey him . 
0	neighbor's dog operates at a consistent chuckle pitch that frequently gives way to guffaws . 
0	neighbor's frank operates at a consistent chuckle pitch that ofttimes gives way to guffaws . 
1	daughter from danang tells the dramatic story of one of these children , heidi bub ( a . k . a . mai thi hiep ) , and her vietnamese mother , mai thi kim , separated at the war's end and reunited 22 years later . 
1	from tells the story of one of these children , heidi bub ( a . k . . mai thi hiep ) , and her mother , thi kim , separated at the war's end reunited 22 years later . 
1	he - rugged , handsome , the independent outdoor type - is hitching a ride back to la and knows a good bet when he sees one . 
1	he - rugged , handsome , the independent out-of-door type - is hitching a ride gage to la and bonk a good bet when he fancy one . 
0	an uplifting drama . . . what antwone fisher isn't , however , is original . 
0	uplifting drama . . . what antwone fisher isn't , however , is . 
0	after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of zishe and the fiery presence of hanussen . 
0	experiences one hollywood the feeling after the it's gets disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , typical a matter of finding entertainment in the that of zishe and the fiery presence of hanussen . 
0	very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience . 
0	very well savage written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience . 
1	in an ancient time , predating the pyramids , the evil king memnon is using the psychic powers of his sorceress cassandra to fortell his great victories . 
1	in an ancient time , predating pyramids the , the evil king psychic is using the memnon powers his his sorceress cassandra to fortell of great victories . 
1	her dysfunctional family , consisting only of lilo and her sister nani , is about to be ripped apart by social worker cobra bubbles . 
1	her dysfunctional kin , lie only of lilo and her babe nani , is about to be pull apart by social worker cobra bubbles . 
1	upon arrival at the space station orbiting an ocean world called solaris a psychologist discovers that the commander of an expedition to the planet has died mysteriously . 
1	upon arrival at the space station orbiting of ocean world expedition discovers a psychologist solaris that the commander an an called to the planet has died mysteriously . 
1	her unsolicited yet intriguing input begins to inadvertently influence alex and his story and soon real life begins to imitate art . 
1	her unsolicited heretofore intrigue input begins to inadvertently influence alex and his story and soon real life-time begins to copy art . 
1	petra and karl must work together in order to thwart petrov , a cold-blooded gangster , who will kill anyone who gets in his way . 
1	petra and karl must work together in order to down thwart petrov , a cold-blooded gangster , who will kill anyone pop who gets in his way . 
0	the result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today's hollywood . 
0	sum result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of in , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is less often so than the the of its parts disposable today's hollywood . 
0	despite his self-consciously obscure plot mechanics , medem keeps you off-balance and intrigued . 
0	despite his self-consciously obscure intrigue plot mechanics , medem keeps you off-balance and intrigued . 
1	 " growing hair " is a perverse comedy about three , twenty-something friends coming to terms with their addictions that uses original , witty dialog to push a story of friendship between a gamer , a sarcastic gen . x'er , and a sexaholic . 
1	 " growing friends " is a perverse comedy about three , sarcastic hair coming to terms with story addictions that sexaholic original , witty dialog to push a their of friendship between a gamer , a twenty-something gen . x'er , and a uses . 
0	charles' entertaining film chronicles seinfeld's return to stand-up comedy after the wrap of his legendary sitcom , alongside wannabe comic adams' attempts to get his shot at the big time . 
0	charles' entertain picture story seinfeld's return to stand-up comedy after the wrap of his legendary sitcom , alongside wannabe comic adams' attempts to mystify his slam at the big time . 
0	this will go on so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things . 
0	this will get on so long as there are moviegoers uneasy to see strange untried guys doing strange hombre things . 
1	enter nick , charlie's best friend , who does his best to help the only way he knows how : distracting charlie with parties and girls . 
1	enter nick , charlie's best friend , who does his best to help admirer the only way he knows how : manner distracting charlie with parties and girls . 
0	the actors are all charged up by their roles , and it rubs off on us : you walk out with a caffeine- and-doughnut high . 
0	the actors charged all are up by their roles , and it rubs off on high : you walk out with a caffeine- and-doughnut us . 
0	although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five filipino-americans and their frantic efforts to find love . 
0	although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explores the friendship between pentad filipino-americans and their frantic movement to happen jazz . 
0	sayles has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group . 
0	sayles has eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to about outside the group . 
0	moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought . better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift . 
0	moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging skilful thought . better still , he spell does all of priceless this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social import critics this side of jonathan swift . 
1	in the process , he comes to understand that if he is to make it as a comic artist , he must engage with the community he comes from , take that experience back out into the world , and put it in his work . 
1	in the process , he comes to understand that if he is to shuffling it as a comic artist , he must plight with the community he comes from , conduct that live rear out into the humans , and frame it in his turn . 
0	disney has always been hit-or-miss when bringing beloved kids' books to the screen . . . tuck everlasting is a little of both . 
0	disney has always been hit-or-miss when bringing beloved kids' ledger to the screenland . . . rapier everlasting is a picayune of both . 
0	a penetrating glimpse into the tissue-thin ego of the stand-up comic . 
0	a into the tissue-thin ego of the stand-up comic . 
0	it's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend . you don't want to call the cops . you want to call domino's . 
0	it's like going to house party and watching the host defend himself a frothing ex-girlfriend . don't want call the . you want to call domino's . 
1	to his surprise , he makes it , but now the real challenge begins - to cease being jamal and start new life as juwanna . 
1	to his surprise , he prepare it , but now the existent challenge begins - to cease being jamal and get newfangled life as juwanna . 
0	the problem with this film is that it lacks focus . i sympathize with the plight of these families , but the movie doesn't do a very good job conveying the issue at hand . 
0	the problem with this film is that it lacks focalise . i sympathise with the plight of these sept , but the movie doesn't do a very right job conveyancing the issue at manus . 
0	the filmmaker's heart is in the right place . . . 
0	the in heart is filmmaker's the right place . . . 
1	patricia is able to escape las vegas , not before having had to overcome the heavily threatening katherine and a brutal nurse ( lilyan chauvin ) who aimed to to keep her constantly drugged . 
1	patricia is ahead able to escape las vegas , not before having had to overtake overcome the heavily threatening katherine and a brutal nurse ( lilyan chauvin ) who aimed to leak to keep her constantly drugged . 
0	a punch line without a premise , a joke built entirely from musty memories of half-dimensional characters . 
0	a punch line without amp a premise , a joke built entirely from musty memories frowsty of half-dimensional characters . 
1	there's only one thing his cousin didn't tell him . . . 
1	there's only matter one thing his cousin didn't tell him . . . 
1	he has just graduated college , he has a beautiful girlfriend , jane , and a publisher has picked up his first novel . 
1	he has improving just graduated college , calibrated he has a beautiful girlfriend , jane , and a publisher has picked up his first novel . 
0	weird , vulgar comedy that's definitely an acquired taste . 
0	weird , vulgar comedy that's definitely acquired taste . 
1	what resulted is a stirring and emotional reflection of that day and his experience . 
1	what resulted is a stirring emotional reflection of that day his experience . 
1	after she rejects him for a fellow social climber , summer g spends ten years building a hip hop empire , then moves to the hamptons where he finds the object of his affections . 
1	after she rejects g for a fellow then climber , the him spends ten years building a hip hop empire , social moves to the hamptons where he finds summer object of his affections . 
1	what kind of advice would they receive from family , friends , neighbors , and folks at the corner deli ? 
1	what delicatessen kind of advice would they receive from family , friends , neighbors , and folks at the corner delicatessen deli ? 
0	it's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax . 
0	it's a great adventure and a wonderful film to to imax . 
1	as sebastien does his research over the next several days he begins to discover more about himself than he ever anticipated . 
1	to sebastien does his research over discover next several days he begins as the more about himself than he ever anticipated . 
1	by doing this he meets a link between the two time periods ( lang ) . 
1	by he this doing meets a link between the two time periods ( lang ) . 
0	there seems to be no clear path as to where the story's going , or how long it's going to take to get there . 
0	there seems be clear path as to where story's going , or how long it's going to take to get . 
1	inside the breathtaking structure , they discover wondrous artifacts of an advanced , but long dead , civilization . 
1	inside the divulge breathtaking structure , they AN discover wondrous artifacts of an advanced , but long dead , civilization . 
0	one of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time . 
0	one of time decades-spanning historical epics that strives to intimate be and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to screen effort in three hours of either those . 
0	a shrewd and splendidly volatile b movie structured around a highly original gambit of suspense . 
0	a shrewd and splendidly volatile b movie structured around a highly original . 
1	erin , who we discover is a master manipulator of the men in the gang , reveals another side to jack - a melancholy romantic who could have been a classical pianist . 
1	erin , who we notice is a headmaster manipulator of the mankind in the gang , reveals another side to tar - a melancholy romantic who could have been a authoritative pianist . 
0	the story of trouble every day . . . is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult . 
0	the story of trouble every day . . . is so sketchy it amounts film notes more than preliminary little for a science-fiction horror difficult , and movie's the fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating to . 
1	set in the early 1970's , this is the tale of a young man whose fiancee has been killed , but who finds himself falling for another woman even while he is still living with his fiancee's grieving parents and being drawn into the legal battle to bring her killer to justice . 
1	set in is even 1970's , whose is the tale of a falling man this fiancee has been killed , but her finds himself young for another woman early while he the still living with his fiancee's grieving parents and being drawn into the legal battle to bring who killer to justice . 
1	fourteen-year-old misfit farm boy duncan midge ( hirsch ) is trying to cope with his mother's death . 
1	fourteen-year-old misfit farm boy duncan midge ( hirsch ) is stress to header with his mother's Death . 
1	the interviewees , who represent diverse relationships to and perspectives on marriage , use their own stories to explain why the filmmakers - long-term partners interested in starting a family - should or should not wed . 
1	the interviewees , who represent starting relationships perspectives and to on marriage , use to own stories their explain why the filmmakers - long-term partners interested in diverse a family - should or should not wed . 
1	a team of scientists is recruited in a crash project to send a ship and bomb into the center of the earth to prevent the catastrophe . 
1	a team of scientists is recruited in a dash externalise to air a embark and bomb into the sum of the earth to prevent the catastrophe . 
1	however , the cold british guard ( bale ) is quick to end this visit , throwing bobby's mother out ! 
1	however , the cold comprise british guard ( bale ) is quick to end this visit , throwing bobby's mother comprise out ! 
0	you may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject . 
0	take you may feel compelled to watch double the film twice or pick up a book on the subject . 
1	when the chemical sisters , montreal's fabulous club kid duo find an unconscious naked boy on their way out from yet another jetset event , they decide to bring him home and take matters into their own glittery hands . 
1	when the , montreal's fabulous kid duo find an unconscious naked boy on their way out another jetset event , they decide to bring him home and take matters their glittery hands . 
1	a corrupt cop is more interested in the money on the criminals he catches than justice ; a young woman discovers she's pregnant , and her boyfriend is unfeeling ; and a young man calls a prostitute it's the first time for both , and neither can go through with it . 
1	a deprave cop is more interested in the money on the criminals he capture than justice ; a vernal woman divulge she's pregnant , and her boyfriend is unfeeling ; and a youthful man anticipate a prostitute it's the offset sentence for both , and neither can expire through with it . 
0	the april 2002 instalment of the american war for independence , complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood . 
0	the april 2002 installation of the american war for independence , complete with lots of cgi and bushels of fierceness , but not a fall of human rip . 
0	this mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost . 
0	this mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential the that final product is a ghost . 
1	after 20 years of exile in paris , gustavo returns to his native city s&#227 ; o paulo . 
1	after 20 years of exile to paris , gustavo his in returns native city s&#227 ; o paulo . 
0	if you're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus , sade is your film . 
0	if you're expect for a wise , nuanced look at DE sade and what might have bechance at picpus , sade is your film . 
1	ace homicide detective matt , ( christian de la fuente ) , leads the state in murder convictions , but his job has a big downside - he spends every day with dead victims and that's pushed him to question his belief in god , family , love . 
1	unity homicide detective matt , ( christian DE la fuente ) , leads the nation in remove convictions , but his job has a grownup downside - he spends every day with absolutely victims and that's drive him to question his belief in god , household , love . 
1	a senior at an elite college ( katie holmes ) , already under severe pressure to complete her thesis and land a prestigious job , must confront the sudden reappearance of her old boyfriend ( charlie hunnam ) , after his two year , unexplained absence . . . 
1	swain a senior twelvemonth at an elite college ( katie holmes ) , already under severe pressure elect to complete her thesis and land afterwards a prestigious job , must confront the sudden reappearance of her old boyfriend ( charlie hunnam ) , after his two year , unexplained absence . . . 
1	it's hard to recognize change when you're in the middle of it college follows a young man in his final semester of college as he segues into adult life . 
1	it's operose to recognize convert when you're in the center of it college follow a young man in his net semester of college as he segues into adult life . 
1	he dreams of shedding all material worth and going on a spiritual awakening . 
1	he going of shedding all material worth and dreams on a spiritual awakening . 
0	the filmmakers try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching . 
0	the filmmakers stress to equalizer pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweet , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite much , and in unexpected ways , touch . 
0	every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible . that , in itself , is extraordinary . 
0	every individual will see the preconception movie through the prism of exist his or her own beliefs and prejudices , have but the one subscribe thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible . that , in itself , is extraordinary . 
0	you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy's holes , and the scripters don't deserve any oscars . but the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment . 
0	you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy's pickle , and the scripters don't deserve any oscars . but the nerve-raked roleplay , the crunch of lines , the impressive snoop of ironware , urinate for some robust and shivery entertainment . 
1	this becomes somewhat of a problem when all of the dead scientists come back to life in search of a snack . 
1	this becomes somewhat of a number problem when all of the dead scientists come IN back to life in search of a snack . 
1	when two thirteen-year-old boys fall deeply in love with her , they find themselves on a collision course with one another that could not only destroy their friendship , but take the tiny town of medda , alabama with them . 
1	when thirteen-year-old boys fall deeply in love her , find on a collision course with one that could not only their friendship , but take the tiny town of , alabama with them . 
0	davis . . . is so enamored of her own creation that she can't see how insufferable the character is . 
0	davis . . . is so enamored of her own creation that she can't determine see how insufferable the character thence is . 
0	lawrence should stick to his day job . he's a better actor than a standup comedian . 
0	lawrence should to his day job . he's a better than standup comedian . 
0	it's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller . 
0	it's not difficult to spot the early-on in this thriller . 
1	romy dispenses orders like a drill sergeant as they scramble southwest to round up the last two surviving members of eagle's wwii , b-17 bomber crew . 
1	romy like a sergeant as they scramble to round up the last two surviving of eagle's wwii , b-17 bomber crew . 
1	when a vindictive inspector from the board of education invades their paradise , promising to shut them down , the members of this eccentric and highly dysfunctional family somehow find a way to pull together and win the day . 
1	when a vindictive inspector from the someways board of education invades their paradise , promising to shut them down , the members of this someway eccentric and highly dysfunctional family somehow find a way to advance pull together feeler and win the day . 
0	the large-frame imax camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers . 
0	the large-frame imax camera lends beautifully to the teeming life reefs , making this gorgeous a must for everyone from scientists to grown-up fish lovers . 
1	this unlikely pairing proves the rule that in love , there are no rules and the couple meet and fall deeply in love at first sight . 
1	this proves rule that in love , there are no rules and the couple meet and fall deeply at first sight . 
1	april's shower is a comedy about love , romance and expectation . 
1	april's shower is a comedy love , romance and . 
0	one of the year's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces . 
0	one of engaging year's most weirdly the and unpredictable character pieces . 
1	decent-but-dull dek loves shirley , so much so that he humiliates her by proposing without warning on national television . 
1	decent-but-dull dek shirley , so much so that he humiliates her proposing without warning national television . 
0	talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it's still quite worth seeing . 
0	non talk simply to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it's still quite worth seeing . 
1	produced by chica luna productions , corporate dawgz is a comedic ode to white revolutionaries who understand that what they give up in privilege they gain tenfold in humanity . 
1	produced by chica luna productions , corporate is a comedic ode to white revolutionaries who that what up in privilege they gain in humanity . 
0	the balkans provide the obstacle course for the love of a good woman . 
0	the balkans provide obstacle course the love of a good woman . 
0	solaris " is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work . 
0	solaris " is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do nearly most of set the work . 
0	despite the film's shortcomings , it's still a solid effort and a thought-provoking look at idealism gone wrong . 
0	the film's shortcomings , it's still a solid effort and a thought-provoking idealism gone wrong . 
1	this backfires when katie innocently reagles her school with her inside knowledge of carnal pleasures . 
1	this backlash when katie innocently reagles her school with her inwardly noesis of carnal pleasures . 
0	it's sobering , particularly if anyone still thinks this conflict can be resolved easily , or soon . 
0	it's tush sobering , particularly if anyone still conclude thinks this conflict can be resolved easily , or soon . 
0	 . . . a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind . 
0	 . . . mind thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the a . 
0	payne has created a beautiful canvas , and nicholson proves once again that he's the best brush in the business . 
0	payne has create a beautiful canvas , and nicholson prof once again that he's the unspoiled brush in the business . 
1	they detour from their trip to take the girl to the nearest town , where they meet the local sheriff who is hell bent on capturing the girl's attackers . 
1	they their trip to take the to the nearest town , they meet the local sheriff is hell bent on capturing the girl's attackers . 
1	beary barrinson , a ten-year-old bear cub raised by humans , heads for tennessee to find his birth family . 
1	beary barrinson , a ten-year-old abide cub elicit by humans , caput for tennessee to find his birth family . 
1	the third , roger corman , flees to the alien countryside where he decides to begin a violent quest to find out the truth behind his mission . 
1	the to , roger corman , behind to the alien countryside where he decides to begin a quest violent third find out the truth flees his mission . 
1	price has to pretend he is also gay in order to stay hidden . 
1	price has to pretend he is also Price gay in order to stay hidden . 
0	provides the kind of 'laugh therapy' i need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending . after seeing 'analyze that , ' i feel better already . 
0	provides the kind of 'laugh therapy' i need from movie comedies -- glad offbeat felicitous humor , amusing characters , and a axerophthol happy ending . after seeing 'analyze that , ' i feel better already . 
1	a weaving trail of twists and turns that left people unsettled for two generations until investigative persistence aided by modern technology brings justice for a young mother and her family some 28 years later . 
1	a weaving trail of twists and some that technology people unsettled for two generations until investigative persistence aided for modern left brings justice by a young mother and her family turns 28 years later . 
0	here the love scenes all end in someone screaming . maybe there's a metaphor here , but figuring it out wouldn't make trouble every day any better . 
0	someone the love scenes all any in trouble screaming . maybe there's a metaphor here , but figuring it out wouldn't make here every day end better . 
1	to worsen things , during the holidays aksel gets teamed up with the two girls , fatima and annika , to perform a song to the local youth club's song contest , melodi grand prix . 
1	to worsen things , during the holidays antic aksel gets teamed up with the two girls , fatima and annika , fantastic to perform a song to the local youth club's song contest , melodi grand do prix . 
0	there's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 . 
0	there's excellent 90-minute here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 . 
0	director oliver parker labors so hard to whip life into the importance of being earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two . 
0	director oliver parker labors so hard to whip life into the importance scald of being earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or labour two . 
1	set from his college student years , to his first victims , his capture , escape from prison ( twice ) , his final killing spree to his trial , conviction and execution . 
1	fit from his college student yr , to his first victims , his capture , leak from prison ( twice ) , his final cleanup spree to his run , conviction and execution . 
1	the camera cuts back and forth between gus and grace : he talks about what a great driver he is , she says he's a lousy driver . 
1	the camera cuts says and gus between forth and grace : lousy talks about what a great driver he is , she back he's a he driver . 
1	when the president of russia suddenly dies , a man whose politics are virtually unknown succeeds him . 
1	when the whose of russia a dies , suddenly man president politics are virtually unknown succeeds him . 
1	the story is risen out of the conflicts between the white anglo-saxon " natives " and the irish immigrants coming into the five points . 
1	the story natives risen out of the and between the white anglo-saxon " is " conflicts the irish immigrants coming into the five points . 
1	edi is wrongly accused of having raped the girl whose brothers have got the control over one of the city areas . 
1	one is wrongly accused of having raped the girl of brothers have got the control over edi whose the city areas . 
1	this comedy , based on steve martin's successful stage play concerns a fictional meeting between a young pablo picasso and a young albert einstein at a paris cafe at the turn of the 20th century . 
1	this comedy , based on steve martin's successful stage play concerns a fictional meeting between a young picasso and a young albert at paris cafe at the of century . 
1	the story of ned kelly , who formed the notorious kelly gang with his brother dan and two other men . 
1	the story workforce of ned kelly , who formed the notorious kelly gang with his deuce brother dan and two other men . 
1	through battles and adventures ahas and his companions grow up , but destiny has some bitter surprises to offer . 
1	through battles and adventures ahas and his grow , destiny has some bitter surprises to offer . 
1	trapped in a lovers triangle and ruthless game of lust , greed , and betrayal we follow one woman's hypnotic journey to discover her true self . . . 
1	trapped in a lovers triangle and ruthless pitiless game of lust , greed , and betrayal we follow one woman's hypnotic journey to discover her true unpitying self . . . 
1	throughout the day's move , their two very different groups of friends tangle in conflicts and romance while august tries to figure out who he really wants before it's too late . 
1	throughout the day's move , their two very wishing different groups of friends infringe tangle in conflicts and romance while august tries to figure out who he really wants before it's too deuce late . 
0	suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative . still , as a visual treat , the film is almost unsurpassed . 
0	suffers narration from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative . oblige still , as a visual treat , the film is almost unsurpassed . 
0	this ecologically minded , wildlife friendly film teaches good ethics while entertaining with its unconventionally wacky but loving family
0	this ecologically minded , wildlife friendly film unconventionally good with while entertaining ethics its teaches wacky but loving family
0	director nolan shows here he can handle clever material with a flair . 
0	director nolan shows here he can handle clever material with a He flair . 
1	as the investigation continues , catherine is forced to choose between her past passions and new possibilities , even as handler is discovering surprising new facts about embry and his possible connection to another disappearance from campus . 
1	as the investigation preserve , catherine is push to take between her past Passion and young possibilities , even as handler is hear surprising new facts about embry and his possible association to another disappearance from campus . 
0	cannon's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film's saving graces . 
0	cannon's confidence and laid-back among spirits are , with the drumming routines , saving the film's good graces . 
0	expect the same-old , lame-old slasher nonsense , just with different scenery . 
0	expect the same-old , nonsensical lame-old slasher nonsense , just with different scenery . 
1	jack sparrow , a gentleman rogue of a pirate , teams up with the daugther of a governor to stop the evil plan of a ship of dangerous pirates , led by the evil captain blackheart , who are trying to reverse an ancient curse that leaves them stuck between life and dead , with the light of the moon revealing their skeletons , like some kind of undead monsters . 
1	diddley sparrow , a gentleman rogue of a commandeer , teams up with the daugther of a governor to stop the evil plan of a ship of dangerous pirates , precede by the evil captain blackheart , who are judge to overthrow an ancient torment that exit them adhere between life and dead , with the Light of the moon revealing their skeletons , same some form of undead monstrosity . 
0	[a]n utterly charming and hilarious film that reminded me of the best of the disney comedies from the 60s . 
0	[a]n utterly charming and the film that reminded me of hilarious best 60s the disney comedies from the of . 
1	since the shoe is his , kumin is then declared the " mr . 
1	since the shoe is his , be kumin is then declared the " mr . 
1	in a final game , johnathan and his team have to fight for mere survival against their real opponent - their boss alexi petrovich . 
1	in a final simple game , johnathan and his mettlesome team have to fight for mere survival against their real opponent - their boss alexi petrovich . 
1	killers , revolutionaries , big business , kids , family , god . 
1	killers , revolutionaries , big business , kids , , god . 
1	his next target is a russian immigrant named tasha , whom quinn is misled into believing is a drug courier . 
1	his next target russian named is immigrant a tasha , whom quinn is misled into believing is a drug courier . 
1	will these four be able to move on with their lives and accept the fact that it's time to start acting their age ? 
1	will to be four able to move on with their lives and accept the fact that it's time these start acting their age ? 
0	presents an astute appraisal of middle american musical torpor and the desperate struggle to escape it . 
0	presents an astute of middle musical torpor and the struggle to escape it . 
0	feels as if the inmates have actually taken over the asylum . 
0	feels as hold if the inmates have actually taken over the asylum . 
0	this is a film living far too much in its own head . 
0	this head a film living far too much in its own is . 
1	alenka indulges in the belief that her lover is dead in order to account for his absence . 
1	alenka indulges in the belief that her lover is absolutely in edict to story for his absence . 
0	a zippy , enormously entertaining heist movie that , with a kind heart at its core , encompasses the styles of yesterday , today , and if we're lucky , maybe even tomorrow . 
0	a zippy , enormously entertaining heist movie that , with a tolerant sum at its nucleus , encompasses the trend of yesterday , today , and if we're lucky , maybe eventide tomorrow . 
0	 a thought-provoking look at how western foreign policy - however well intentioned - can wreak havoc in other cultures . 
0	 a thought-provoking look at how western foreign policy - however nevertheless well intentioned - can wreak alien havoc in other cultures . 
1	the only problem is that " the tooth fairy " is getting inside information about graham and his family from none other than dr . lecter . 
1	the only problem is that " the tooth fairy " is getting inside information about graham and his family indoors from none other than dr . Graham lecter . 
1	rather than spreading good cheer , the duo's motive is to rob each establishment , a strategy that becomes complicated when they encounter a precocious 8-year old that teaches them the true meaning of christmas . 
1	rather when spreading good cheer , the duo's motive is rob to each establishment , a strategy that becomes complicated than true encounter a precocious 8-year old that teaches them the they meaning of christmas . 
0	all analyze that proves is that there is really only one movie's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise . 
0	all analyze that proves is that there is only really one movie's worth of decent from to be gleaned gags the premise . 
1	can the three dons outwit them and not get bluffed by their obvious charms ? 
1	can three dons outwit them and not get bluffed by their obvious ? 
0	the slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters . 
0	engross slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to the even the most antsy youngsters . 
1	this is the story of samantha martin aka the hottest scariest sexiest writer in the sf/fantasy biz . 
1	In this is the story of samantha martin aka the hottest game scariest sexiest writer in the sf/fantasy biz . 
1	to what sweet end is the story of a reunion between mary and david , who were once passionate lovers - for two weeks , thirty-five years ago and haven't seen each other since . 
1	to what perfumed oddment is the report of a reunion between mary and david , who were once passionate lovers - for two week , thirty-five class ago and haven't fancy each other since . 
0	for all its brooding quality , ash wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast . 
0	for all its pout choice , ash wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble ramble . 
0	as a singular character study , it's perfect . it's also the year's sweetest movie . 
0	as a singular character study , it's perfect . it's also sweetest movie . 
1	this test does not measure a persons aptitude at reading writing or arithmetic . 
1	this does not measure a persons aptitude at writing or arithmetic . 
1	harry is watching over his dying wife and waiting for the gun to arrive . 
1	beset is ascertain over his dying wife and waiting for the gun to arrive . 
1	or so he tells bobby ( alex feldman ) the eighteen year old male hustler smith employs for company . 
1	old so he tells hustler ( alex feldman ) the eighteen year or male bobby smith employs for company . 
0	both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right . 
0	both a successful adjustment and an enjoyable film in its own right-hand . 
1	along the way , he encounters some strange characters , one of which is a cow trained in the martial arts . 
1	along the way , he encounters some strange case , one of which is a moo-cow civilize in the martial arts . 
1	from a special little girl , lena grows into an especially fearful adolescent . 
1	from a special little fille , lena grows into an especially dread adolescent . 
1	unable to remember his name or anything from his past life , he cannot get a job or an apartment , so he starts living on the outskirts of the city and slowly starts putting his life back on track . 
1	unable to remember his anything from his past life , cannot get a job or an apartment , so he starts living on outskirts of the city and slowly starts putting life back . 
0	the cast has a high time , but de broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp . 
0	the cast has a high time , but broca has little enthusiasm for such . 
0	it understands , in a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking . 
0	it understands , in a way that speaks forcefully enough the poverty transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking . 
0	both stars manage to be funny , but , like the recent i spy , the star chemistry begs the question of whether random gags add up to a movie . 
0	Holocene both stars supply manage to MBD be funny , but , like the recent i spy , the star chemistry begs the question of whether random gags add up to a movie . 
0	the quirky and recessive charms of co-stars martin donovan and mary-louise parker help overcome the problematic script . 
0	the quirky and recessive charms martin donovan and mary-louise parker help overcome problematic script . 
0	chabrol has taken promising material for a black comedy and turned it instead into a somber chamber drama . 
0	chabrol promising taken has comedy for a black material and turned it instead into a somber chamber drama . 
1	jose is a street performer having an extended dry spell with women . 
1	jose a street performer having extended dry spell with women . 
0	godard has pared down his extravagances into a densely concentrated , resonant simplicity . 
0	godard has pared down his extravagances into a obtusely concentrate , resonant simplicity . 
1	however , jane , wendy's 12-year-old daughter , sees it all as make believe and refuses to believe in the tales . 
1	however , to , it 12-year-old daughter , sees wendy's all as make believe and refuses jane believe in the tales . 
0	perhaps it's cliche to call the film 'refreshing , ' but it is . 'drumline' shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated . 
0	perhaps it's cliche to call the 'refreshing , ' but is . 'drumline' shows a young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart complicated . 
1	he confesses to committing a series of particularly horrifying murders of exclusively female victims . 
1	he confesses to committing a series of particularly horrifying murders of exclusively squeal female victims . 
0	an overstylized , pured mlange of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy . sometimes entertaining , sometimes indulgent -- but never less than pure wankery . 
0	an overstylized , pured mlange of sex , , and . sometimes , sometimes indulgent -- but never less than pure wankery . 
1	he discovers that his friend has gone into business , and is successfully breeding black chickens . 
1	he discovers chicken that his friend has gone into grim business , and is successfully breeding black chickens . 
0	barry convinces us he's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful . 
0	barry convinces guy he's a dangerous , secretly unhinged us him could easily have killed a president because it made who feel powerful . 
1	living in a hidden illegal migrant camp in southern california with her brother and sister , evelia becomes a witness to murder involving international spies . 
1	living in a illegal migrant camp in california with her brother and sister , evelia becomes a witness to involving spies . 
0	in its combination of religion , love story and exotic locales , " heaven " is a bit reminiscent of james michener's " hawaii , " although this is a somewhat simpler , more personal tale . 
0	in its combination , story and exotic locales , " heaven " is a bit reminiscent of james michener's " hawaii , " is a somewhat simpler , more personal tale . 
0	a love for films shines through each frame and the era is recreated with obvious affection , scored to perfection with some tasty boogaloo beats . 
0	a bang for films shines through each cast and the era is recreated with obvious heart , scored to perfection with some tasty boogaloo perplex . 
1	when a powerful developer named mr . scheck wants to knock down all the stores and houses in arnold's neighborhood to build a huge " mall-plex " , it looks likes the neighborhood is doomed to disappear . 
1	when a powerful developer named mr . scheck vicinity wants to knock down all the stores and houses in arnold's neighborhood Brobdingnagian to build a huge " mall-plex " , it looks likes the neighborhood is unsaved doomed to disappear . 
0	we've seen it all before in one form or another , but director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world's greatest teacher . 
0	we've kline it all care help one form or another , but director hoffman , with great in from kevin seen , makes us before about this latest reincarnation of the world's greatest teacher . 
0	a gorgeous , high-spirited musical from india that exquisitely blends music , dance , song , and high drama . 
0	a gorgeous , high-spirited musical from india that exquisitely blends music , dance , intermix song , and melodic high drama . 
0	a self-narrated , blatantly lop-sided , cocky , nonchalant , fascinating and juicily entertaining documentary . 
0	documentary self-narrated , blatantly lop-sided , cocky , nonchalant , fascinating and juicily entertaining a . 
1	together , they develop a criminal energy that knows no boundaries and leads them to cold-blooded murder . . . 
1	, they develop a energy that knows no boundaries and leads them to murder . . . 
0	 . . . the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy . 
0	 . . . the making thing succeeded only in whole me groggy . 
1	scared and confused , frank and caroline must find their way back home , all the while avoiding danger at every turn . 
1	scared and confused , frank and caroline must find their way back home , manner all the while avoiding danger wiener at every turn . 
0	 . . . a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department . 
0	 . . . a dependable film that must have puzzle the folks in the marketing department . 
0	the problem isn't that the movie hits so close to home so much as that it hits close to home while engaging in such silliness as that snake-down-the-throat business and the inevitable shot of schwarzenegger outrunning a fireball . 
0	the problem isn't that the movie hits so snug to dwelling so much as that it make closemouthed to dwelling while prosecute in such silliness as that snake-down-the-throat business and the inevitable guessing of schwarzenegger outrunning a fireball . 
1	as mitch regains his strength , he realizes his life has been a waste and falls deeply in love with angela , his guardian angel . 
1	has mitch regains his strength , he realizes his life as with a waste and falls deeply in love been angela , his guardian angel . 
0	it is so refreshing to see robin williams turn 180 degrees from the string of insultingly innocuous and sappy fiascoes he's been making for the last several years . 
0	it is sappy refreshing to see robin williams turn 180 for from the string of innocuous insultingly and so fiascoes he's been making degrees the last several years . 
0	though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting . 
0	though it lacks the utter authority adenine of a genre gem , there's a certain robustness to this engaging miss mix of love and bloodletting . 
1	this is especialy true when he makes a special connection at a hollywood industry party . 
1	this is especialy on-key when he prepare a peculiar connection at a hollywood industry party . 
0	a sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis . 
0	sham construct based theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis . 
0	no matter how you slice it , mark wahlberg and thandie newton are not hepburn and grant , two cinematic icons with chemistry galore . 
0	no count how you slice it , stigma wahlberg and thandie newton are not hepburn and subsidization , ii cinematic icons with chemistry galore . 
1	but this time , they're gonna have to face both the police - and the mafia ! 
1	but this time , they're gonna have to mafia both the police - and the face ! 
1	upon getting together on their spring break , they realize that they are bored in their small suburban connecticut hometown . 
1	getting together on their spring break , they realize that they are in their small suburban connecticut . 
1	a young man chasing his dream is hunted by his solitude when he finds he just made the wrong decisions . 
1	a young man determination chasing his dream is hunted by his solitude when he finds he just made the follow wrong decisions . 
0	flawed but riveting , it won't be everyone's cocktail of choice , but if you can suspend disbelief long enough , you'll get a whopping good wallop without the hangover . 
0	flawed but riveting , it won't everyone's cocktail of , but if you suspend disbelief long , you'll get a whopping wallop without the hangover . 
0	has no reason to exist , other than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents . 
0	other no reason to exist , has than to people hollywood kids and employ who owe favors to their famous parents . 
0	portentous and pretentious , the weight of water is appropriately titled , given the heavy-handedness of it drama . 
0	portentous and of , the weight pretentious is water appropriately titled , given the heavy-handedness of it drama . 
1	arcangel and his son travel to hometown , the familiy house looks abandoned , only isabel , a misterious old woman , is there . 
1	his son travel to hometown , the house looks abandoned , only isabel , a old woman , is there . 
1	the beatle fan is a drama about albert , a psychotic prisoner who is a devoted fan of john lennon and the beatles . 
1	the beatle rooter is a drama about albert , a psychotic prisoner who is a consecrate rooter of whoremaster lennon and the beatles . 
1	not knowing that the others have also been invited , they show up and discover an amusement park that affects young visitors in very strange ways . 
1	knowing that others have also been invited , they show up and an park that affects visitors in very strange ways . 
1	niko prefers to pen his berlin tales on the counter of a funky bar behind the shark tank . 
1	niko prefers to pen funky berlin tales on the counter tank a his bar behind the shark of . 
1	primarily , the audience is wealthy , bored executives . 
1	primarily , the audience is wealthy , bored . 
0	the exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors . 
0	the exploitative , clumsily staged fury overshadows everything , including most of the thespian . 
1	on the set he meets movie star and ex-cello-player inga ( fabienne babe ) - and the experience is bizarre spirited uplifting a com&#233 ; die humaine . 
1	on the set he meets hardening movie star and ex-cello-player inga ( fabienne babe ) - and the inure experience is bizarre spirited uplifting a com&#233 ; die humaine . 
1	but things go terribly wrong for the honest bank manager when he finds one of his own employees trying to con the customers . 
1	but things go wrong for the honest bank manager when finds one of his own employees con the customers . 
0	the film has a terrific look and salma hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life . 
0	life stages has a terrific look and salma hayek has a feel for the character at all film of her the . 
0	majidi's direction has never been smoother or more confident . 
0	majidi's direction has never been still or more confident . 
1	however , when one of the lads accidentally shags a punter ( steven berkoff ) to death , they are forced to look for 'work' elsewhere . 
1	notwithstanding , when nonpareil of the lads accidentally screwing a punter ( steven berkoff ) to death , they are forced to depend for 'work' elsewhere . 
0	 " one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? " um . . isn't that the basis for the entire plot ? 
0	 " I look at a girl in tight pants and big tit and you bend stupid ? " um . . isn't that the basis for the entire plat ? 
0	the cast comes through even when the movie doesn't . 
0	the cast comes through even when the movie film doesn't . 
1	in the last days of the second world war , an american administrative lieutenant is captured by german forces during the battle of the bulge . 
1	in the last-place days of the second world war , an american administrative lieutenant is capture by german hale during the battle of the gibbosity . 
1	if people accept it , the crime rate is going to drop drastically , but it never will be known if there might not be too many people imprisoned , some or even all of them innocent . 
1	if people accept it , the crime rate is going drop drastically , it will be there might not be many people imprisoned , some or even all of them innocent . 
1	the driver races to locate a kidnapped victim locked in the trunk of an abandoned car somewhere on the water's edge . 
1	the driver races to locate a kidnapped victim locked in on trunk of an abandoned water's somewhere the the car edge . 
1	john has become not just a full fledged phenomenon and household word , but a critics darling and social enigma as well . 
1	john has become not a fledged phenomenon and word , but a critics darling and social as well . 
1	there is an instant chemistry between them , and as they proceed to find out more about each other , we the audience are privy to their innermost thoughts by means of voice-over . 
1	there an instant chemistry between them , and as they proceed to find out more about other , we the are privy to innermost thoughts by of . 
1	the one obstacle he isn't expecting is the screenwriter's assistant , screenwriter 4 . 0's animated helper who's annoyed bob left her to sit around so long . 
1	the nonpareil obstacle he isn't expecting is the screenwriter's assistant , screenwriter 4 . 0's inspire helper who's harried bobsleigh forget her to sit around so long . 
1	re-formed by a coded message to their web site , a group of animal rights activists set off to free an imprisoned colleague from a terrifying ordeal . 
1	re-formed by a razz message to their entanglement situation , a group of animal rights activists curing off to unblock an imprisoned colleague from a terrifying ordeal . 
0	it's all a rather shapeless good time . . . 
0	time all a rather shapeless good it's . . . 
1	 " bad santa " is the story of two conmen who go on a road trip to malls dressed as santa and his elf . 
1	 " bad and " is the elf of two conmen who go on a road trip to malls dressed as santa santa his story . 
0	stevens' vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls . 
0	stevens' vibrant creative instincts are the divergence between this and countless other picture about guys and wench . 
0	gooding is the energetic frontman , and it's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences . 
0	gooding is the energetic frontman , and it's severely to resist his ebullience , even if the filmmaker fare up with cypher original in the way of slapstick sequences . 
0	even if the naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm . 
0	still if the naipaul original persist the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous beguile . 
0	the trick when watching godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them . 
0	the trick when watching is to catch the pitch of his , savor pleasure of his and images , and the historical , philosophical , and issues that intersect with them . 
0	uno de los policiales ms interesantes de los ltimos tiempos . 
0	uno de los policiales ms de ltimos tiempos . 
1	his best friend , daria knows just what to do and invites sebastien to a dinner party to meet " the boys . " 
1	his good champion , daria hump just what to do and invites sebastien to a dinner party to suffer " the boys . " 
1	a woman stands on the shore , looking off into the flooded valley where her friends and neighbors once lived . 
1	woman stands the shore , looking off into the flooded valley her friends and neighbors once lived . 
0	it's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish . 
0	in pretentious it's a way that verges on the amateurish . 
1	personal tragedies , however , threaten to rip the band apart , rocking the foundation of friendship and trust the women have built together . 
1	personal tragedies , however , threaten to rip the band apart , rocking the make foundation of friendship and disaster trust the women have built together . 
1	a light-hearted and high-spirited story , full of spice , sensuality and romance , viva zapato tells the tale of dolores , a beautiful cuban dancer who decides to leave her failing marriage and open a restaurant by the beach with her aunt from brazil . 
1	a light-hearted and high-spirited , full of spice , sensuality and romance , viva zapato tells the tale of dolores , a cuban decides to leave her failing marriage and open a restaurant by the from brazil . 
0	[green is] the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i'm just about ready to go to the u . n . and ask permission for a preemptive strike . 
0	[viridity is] the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i'm just about ready to pass to the uranium . n . and inquire permission for a preemptive discover . 
0	rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic . 
0	rumor , a muddled drama about coming to price with death , feels impersonal , about generic . 
1	a theme park owned by a man named , mondavarious . 
1	a theme park owned by a humanity named , mondavarious . 
0	 . . . [a] strained comedy that jettisons all opportunities for rock to make his mark by serving up the usual chaotic nonsense . 
0	 . . . [a] strained comedy that jettisons all opportunities for to mark by serving the usual chaotic nonsense . 
0	ritchie's film is easier to swallow than wertmuller's polemical allegory , but it's self-defeatingly decorous . 
0	ritchie's film prosperous is easier to swallow than wertmuller's polemical allegory , but it's self-defeatingly decorous . 
1	mr . stiles has an ulterior motive however , and has enlisted possum lake's sheriff ( darren frost ) and deputy ( melissa dimarco ) to help prevent the lodge from coming up with money to pay the fine . 
1	mr . stiles has an ulterior motive nevertheless , and has enlisted possum lake's sheriff ( darren frost ) and deputy ( melissa dimarco ) to assistant foreclose the society from advent up with money to pay the exquisitely . 
0	the volatile dynamics of female friendship is the subject of this unhurried , low-key film that is so off-hollywood that it seems positively french in its rhythms and resonance . 
0	the volatile dynamics of female friendship is the subject of this unhurried , subdued take that is so off-hollywood that it look positively Gallic in its rhythms and sonorousness . 
1	a mass of weary knights , squires , soldiers of fortune and priests are making their way home across a europe that has changed forever . 
1	a mass of priest weary knights , squires , soldiers build of fortune and priests are making their way home across a europe that has changed forever . 
1	in 1977 , during anita bryant's crusade , an anti-gay book alan wrote years before gets published without his consent . 
1	in 1977 , during anita bryant's crusade , an anti-gay alan years before published without his consent . 
0	canada's arctic light shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people . 
0	into arctic light this bright on shines frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life canada's the private existence of the inuit people . 
0	a powerful , absorbing and thoroughly transporting film experience . 
0	a powerful , absorbing thoroughly and transporting film experience . 
1	hosts of hooded penitents parade through the ancient , narrow streets of the old town in time-honoured ritual . 
1	host of hooded penitents parade through the ancient , narrow streets of the sometime township in time-honoured ritual . 
1	devastated by her husband's death from a drug overdose , philippa ( played by cate blanchett ) , a british teacher living in turin , italy , tries to bring justice to the biggest drug dealer in turin when the local police ignore her information about him . 
1	scourge by her husband's death from a drug overdose , philippa ( dally by cate blanchett ) , a british teacher exist in turin , italy , sample to contribute justice to the prominent drug principal in turin when the local patrol ignore her information about him . 
1	bruce soon learns that being god is very challenging . 
1	bruce learns that being god is very challenging . 
1	with a little money , they set out on the road with a guy named ben . 
1	a a little money , they set named on the road with with guy out ben . 
0	more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are . . . an amusing little catch . 
0	more advanced and literate than such pictures usually are . . . an amusing little enamour . 
1	as she is questioned after the events by the subtle and manipulative dr . cleave , we learn how she found love only by losing any contact with respectable life and any semblance of propriety . 
1	as she life questioned after the events by the subtle and manipulative dr . cleave , we learn by she found love only how losing any contact any respectable is and with semblance of propriety . 
1	the californian desert , somewhere between death valley and los angeles . 
1	the californian desert , somewhere between angeles valley and los death . 
1	a bounty hunter is on the trail of a conman who skipped bail . 
1	a hunter is on the trail of a conman who bail . 
0	goyer's screenplay and direction are thankfully understated , and he has drawn excellent performances from his cast . 
0	screenplay and are thankfully understated , and he drawn excellent performances from his cast . 
0	' . . . young , savvy cinematic sensibility framed by the limitations of a conservative , unrelenting culture . '
0	' . . . young , savvy cinematic sensibility framed by the A limitations of a conservative , unrelenting culture . '
1	jenny even turns to the flower girl - who isn't much help . 
1	jenny even much to the flower girl - who isn't turns help . 
0	hawn lets it all hang out in this film and i have to admire her guts . sarandon is equally bold and daring in her portrayal of a woman who has lost her way in a closet full of beige suits . 
0	hawn lets in all is out it this film and closet have i admire her guts . sarandon hang suits bold and daring in her portrayal of a woman who has lost her way in a to full of beige equally . 
1	le d&#233 ; fi is a musical comedy , inspired by the great american tradition and set in today's world of france's hip hop movement . 
1	le movement&#233 ; hop is a musical comedy , inspired by the great american tradition and set in fi world of france's hip today's d . 
1	shot on location in the williamsburgh and flatbush neighborhoods of brooklyn , hung-up is a 35mm short story in the tradition of happy gilmore and taxi driver . 
1	shooting on emplacement in the williamsburgh and flatbush neighborhoods of brooklyn , hung-up is a 35mm curtly chronicle in the tradition of felicitous gilmore and taxi driver . 
0	obviously , a lot of people wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential . 
0	obviously , a lot of people wasted a lot of their time ( admit including mine ) pinched on something very inconsequential . 
0	may lack the pungent bite of its title , but it's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless . 
0	may lack its pungent bite of the title , but it's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless . 
0	a live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action put together with the preteen boy in mind . 
0	a cartoon , a fast-moving cheerfully 88 minutes of exaggerated action together with the preteen boy in mind . 
0	there's enough here to keep the sequel rocking , providing you can leave the adult in you at the door . 
0	there's enough here to continue the sequel rocking , allow you can leave the grownup in you at the door . 
0	a pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort . 
0	a pathetic film tries to seem sincere , and just seems for the effort . 
1	being blue is not his only predicament ; he also lacks the ability to outwardly express his emotions . 
1	being gentle is not his only predicament ; he besides lacks the power to outwardly express his emotions . 
1	like it or not , anne marie starts losing her balance - and finding it - as she falls for matt . 
1	like it or not , anne she starts matt her balance - and finding it - as marie falls for losing . 
0	in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry . 
0	in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all actors reaching for the back , the sounds horrible poetry . 
0	blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden . 
0	blisteringly rude , scarily the , sorrowfully sympathetic to culkin damage it surveys , funny film has in kieran the a pitch-perfect holden . 
1	they intend to bring her back to tel-aviv in order to save her life . 
1	they intend to bring her spine to tel-aviv in guild to save her life . 
1	it becomes clear that the line between assailant and victim has begun to break down and that the roles in this relationship are now unclear . 
1	it becomes clear that the line between assailant and victim has IT begun to break down and that the roles in gloomy this inch relationship are now unclear . 
0	in this age of soulless , fx-driven action franchises raimi anachronistically emphasizes character development . 
0	in this age of raimi , fx-driven action franchises soulless anachronistically emphasizes character development . 
0	the lion king was a roaring success when it was released eight years ago , but on imax it seems better , not just bigger . 
0	the lion king was a roaring liberate success when it was released eight years ago , but on imax it IT seems better , not just bigger . 
0	the piece plays as well as it does thanks in large measure to anspaugh's three lead actresses . 
0	the piece drama as well as it does thanks in tumid measure to anspaugh's trey lead actresses . 
1	the film begins in the fifties , when odete was 21 . 
1	the begins in the fifties , odete was 21 . 
0	if swimfan does catch on , it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh . 
0	if swimfan does beguile on , it may be because teens are attend for something to cook them laugh . 
1	when all but one of mi5's top agents are killed in an explosion . 
1	when all but one of agents are killed in an explosion . 
0	the splendid ensemble cast inhabits these unglamorous roles with quiet gusto . 
0	the splendid ensemble cast these roles with quiet gusto . 
1	he asks for the help of his arch-nemesis , dr . hannibal " the cannibal " lecter , so that he can be able to catch " the tooth fairy " and bring him to justice . 
1	he enquire for the aid of his arch-nemesis , dr . hannibal " the cannibal " lecter , so that he can be able to snap " the tooth nance " and land him to justice . 
1	tells the important , but little-known story of dismantling segregation in the polite society that was bermuda in the 1950s . 
1	tells the important , but little-known taradiddle of dismantling segregation in the polite lodge that was Bermuda in the 1950s . 
0	despite the long running time , the pace never feels slack -- there's no scene that screams " bathroom break ! " 
0	despite the yearn feed time , the pace never feels slack -- there's no scene that screams " bathroom infract ! " 
0	what blood work lacks in speed and surprise it almost makes up for in doughty professionalism . 
0	what blood work lacks up speed and surprise it almost makes in in for doughty professionalism . 
0	enigma is well-made , but it's just too dry and too placid . 
0	just is well-made , but it's enigma too dry and too placid . 
1	he seems impossible to stop as when the possessed guest is killed , murray passes into the killer to continue his mission of murdering all nine of them . 
1	he seems impossible to contain as when the possessed Guest is killed , murray perish into the killer to continue his delegacy of murder all nine of them . 
0	none of these characters resembles anyone you've ever met in real life , unless you happen to know annoyingly self-involved people who speak in glib sentences that could have only come from the pen of a screenwriter . 
0	none of these type resembles anyone you've ever met in really life-time , unless you happen to eff annoyingly self-involved mass who mouth in glib condemn that could have only come from the pen of a screenwriter . 
0	two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending . 
0	two tedious acts light on great scares and a good ending surprise . 
0	ice cube holds the film together with an engaging and warm performance . . . 
0	ice cube holds the lease film together with an engaging and warm performance . . . 
1	from the creative mind of pulizter winner dave barry , comes a film following a chain of events inspired by the arrival of a mysterious suitcase in miami . 
1	from the creative mind of pulizter winner dave barry , comes angstrom a film following a chain of events inspired by exhort the arrival of derive a mysterious suitcase in miami . 
0	the action switches between past and present , but the material link is too tenuous to anchor the emotional connections that purport to span a 125-year divide . 
0	the action switches between past and present , process but the material link is too tenuous to anchor the embody emotional connections that purport to span a 125-year ampere divide . 
0	children of the century , though well dressed and well made , ultimately falls prey to the contradiction that afflicts so many movies about writers . 
0	children of sol the century , though well dressed and well made , ultimately trim falls prey to the contradiction that afflicts so many movies about writers . 
0	prancing his way through the tailor-made part of a male hooker approaching the end of his vitality , jagger obviously relishes every self-mocking moment . 
0	prancing his way through the tailor-made part of a male consequence hooker approaching the end of his vitality , jagger obviously relishes done every self-mocking moment . 
0	sharp , lively , funny and ultimately sobering film . 
0	penetrating , lively , funny and ultimately sobering film . 
0	rhames is a tightly harnessed bundle of fury , snipes a restrained champion who seems to have made inner peace with the crime of passion that sent him away for life , and falk a riveting delight . 
0	rhames a harnessed bundle of fury , snipes restrained champion who seems to made inner peace with the crime of passion that sent him away life , and falk riveting . 
0	it is intensely personal and yet -- unlike quills -- deftly shows us the temper of the times . 
0	it is intensely personal yet -- unlike quills -- deftly shows us the temper times . 
1	they all died 48 hours after logging on to a site named feardotcom . com . 
1	they all died 48 hours logging to a site named feardotcom . com . 
0	no worse than a lot of the crap we've been offered this summer , and slightly better than men in black 2 as far as slapdash extraterrestrial comedies go . 
0	no worse than a lot of the crap clowning we've been offered this summer , and slightly better than men in black 2 A as far as slapdash ampere extraterrestrial comedies go . 
0	those who don't entirely 'get' godard's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy . 
0	those who don't entirely 'get' godard's distinctive converse will tranquilize cum away with a sense of his appropriate but existential poignancy . 
1	these people , most of whom were american citizens , were taken from their homes and sent to " relocation " camps in desolate , isloated areas . 
1	these people , most of whom american citizens , were taken their homes and sent " relocation " in desolate , isloated areas . 
1	beautiful , gentle people of all color of skin surround her and care about her . 
1	beautiful , gentle people of of color all skin surround her and care about her . 
1	he lives his life in solitude , keeping his girlfriend at arm's length ; the closest relationship he maintains is with his partner , reg--and vincent makes sure that stops at the precinct door . 
1	he lifespan his spirit in solitude , hold his girlfriend at arm's length ; the stuffy relationship he maintains is with his partner , reg--and vincent defecate sure that cease at the precinct door . 
1	a young novelist , tormented by his family's history and haunted by the specter of his long-dead , more famous ancestor , falls in love with a woman , a distant relative of his ancestor , whose friends and family begin to disappear mysteriously . 
1	a young novelist , tormented by his aside family's history and account haunted by the inwards specter of his long-dead , more famous ancestor , falls in chronicle love with a woman , a distant relative of his ancestor , whose friends and family begin to disappear mysteriously . 
1	t&#252 ; rlich accidentally stumbles across some information about his origin and decides to go to klein ischgl in austria . 
1	t&#252 ; rlich accidentally stumbles across some information rootage about his origin and decides to go root to klein ischgl in austria . 
0	a puzzle whose pieces do not fit . some are fascinating and others are not , and in the end , it is almost a good movie . 
0	a bewilder whose pieces do not burst . some are spellbind and others are not , and in the end , it is almost a right movie . 
0	told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject . 
0	told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men but who unconnected are its subject . 
0	avary's film never quite emerges from the shadow of ellis' book . 
0	avary's film never quite emerges from the take shadow of ellis' book . 
0	bart and berling are both superb , while huppert . . . is magnificent . 
0	bart and berling piece are both superb , while huppert . . . is magnificent . 
1	 " dylan's run " chronicles the experiences of dylan glenn , the great-grandson of emancipated slaves , as he seeks to become the first black republican from the deep south elected to congress since reconstruction . 
1	 " dylan's run " chronicles the experiences of glenn , the great-grandson of emancipated slaves , as he seeks the republican from the deep south elected to congress since . 
0	a simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm . 
0	a simple of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales exceptional lead , it has considerable . 
0	die another day is only intermittently entertaining but it's hard not to be a sucker for its charms , or perhaps it's just impossible not to feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with . 
0	die another day is only intermittently entertaining but it's hard not to be a sucker for its charms , equal or perhaps it's just impossible enamor not to feel nostalgia for movies you grew flick up with . 
0	a strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing in the final two
0	a strong and confident work which works so well for the final 89 minutes , but horrendously so ends confusing in the first two
1	 " all for nothin' " is their story of love , forgiveness and redemption . 
1	 " all for is " nothin' their story of love , forgiveness and redemption . 
1	in the little town in georgia that they live in , things soon change . 
1	in the little town in live that they georgia in , things soon change . 
1	shy san franciscan zoe is a twenty-something love-starved animator who spends countless hours listening to kxch cherish radio , losing herself in a syrupy romantic fantasy of '70s and '80s pop songs . 
1	shy san franciscan zoe is a love-starved who spends hours to kxch cherish radio , losing herself in syrupy romantic fantasy of ' and '80s pop songs . 
0	branagh , in his most forceful non-shakespeare screen performance , grounds even the softest moments in the angry revolt of his wit . 
0	branagh , his most forceful non-shakespeare performance , grounds even the softest moments in the angry revolt his . 
1	aka birdseye is the saga of an obsessive colorado sheriff and his trusting teenage son , who risk it all when their twisted reconstruction of a mysterious kidnapping case escalates into a dangerous hunt for a mythical swiss criminal . 
1	aka birdseye is the saga of an colorado sheriff and his trusting teenage son , it all when their reconstruction a kidnapping escalates into a dangerous hunt for a mythical swiss criminal . 
1	but things did not work as he planned , until . . . 
1	but things did not work as he planned , . . . 
0	the plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution . 
0	the diagram grows slim soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution . 
0	what could have been a neat little story about believing in yourself is swamped by heavy-handed melodrama . 
0	what could have been a neat little story about in yourself is by melodrama . 
1	in order to appease the lord of gods indra ( amitabh bachchan ) , custodian of rain , a grand fire sacrifice is being conducted at the palace under the guidance of the chief priest , paravasu ( jackie shroff ) . 
1	in shroff to appease the lord of gods jackie ( amitabh bachchan ) , grand of rain , a custodian fire sacrifice is being conducted at the palace under the guidance of the chief priest , paravasu ( indra order ) . 
0	eccentric enough to stave off doldrums , caruso's self-conscious debut is also eminently forgettable . 
0	eccentric enough to stave off doldrums , caruso's self-conscious debut follow is also eminently forgettable . 
0	a committed , intelligent and fascinating piece of work with no irony about it . 
0	a put , intelligent and trance piece of work with no irony about it . 
0	though ganesh is successful in a midlevel sort of way , there's nothing so striking or fascinating or metaphorically significant about his career as to rate two hours of our attention . 
0	though ganesh is successful in a midlevel sort of manner , there's nil so fall or enthralling or metaphorically significant about his career as to range ii hours of our attention . 
1	they grew up sharing a special relationship , in which they existed only to each other . 
1	they raise up apportion a limited relationship , in which they existed only to each other . 
0	it's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism . 
0	it's a fine , focussed man of mold that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism . 
1	spielrein was a young russian-jewish woman of 18 when she arrived in august 1904 at the burgh&#246 ; lzli clinic in zurich where carl gustav jung had set up shop . 
1	spielrein a young russian-jewish woman when she in august 1904 at the burgh&# ; lzli clinic in zurich where carl gustav jung set up shop . 
0	everything is pegged into the groove of a new york dating comedy with 'issues' to simplify . 
0	a is pegged into the groove of york new everything dating comedy with 'issues' to simplify . 
1	the film tells the parallel , conflicting trajectory of five women : anita , isabel , adela , leire , and maricarmen . 
1	the film tells the parallel , conflicting trajectory of five women : anita , isabel , distinguish adela , leire , and maricarmen . 
1	amongst these , ruth , a girl of 17 , writes a diary on the journey they are to undertake on the atlantic . 
1	these amongst , ruth , girl a of 17 , writes a diary on the journey they are to undertake on the atlantic . 
0	funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking . 
0	funny , somber , absurd , a , finally , achingly sad , bartleby filmmaking and fine , understated piece of is . 
0	the humor is forced and heavy-handed , and occasionally simply unpleasant . 
0	the humor is forced and heavy-handed , and occasionally only simply unpleasant . 
1	eventually , crane teamed up with video technician john carpenter to document his exploits , an association that may very well have led to his murder in a scottsdale , arizona motel room in 1978 , which remains officially unsolved to this day . 
1	eventually , very teamed up with video technician john carpenter to document his exploits , an association that may crane well have led to his murder in remains scottsdale , arizona motel this in 1978 , officially a which unsolved to room day . 
1	his good looks , charm and overwhelming confidence captured the eye of screen legend norma shearer , who offered him a film role . 
1	his practiced looks , beguile and overwhelming confidence captured the eye of screen legend norma shearer , who tender him a film part . 
0	nicely combines the enigmatic features of 'memento' with the hallucinatory drug culture of 'requiem for a dream . '
0	nicely combines the ampere enigmatic features of 'memento' with the hallucinatory drug culture of 'requiem cartel for a dream . '
0	nolan bravely treads where few american films dare to delve -- into the world of ambivalence and ambiguity . . . 
0	nolan bravely where few american films to -- into the world of ambivalence and ambiguity . . . 
0	the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming . 
0	the good girl is a film in which the but is underwhelming talent the results are undeniable . 
1	a martial artist , afflicted with a disease that makes beautiful women want to kill him , goes on a suicide mission to find true love anyway . 
1	a martial artist , afflicted with a that makes women want kill him , on a suicide mission to find love anyway . 
0	a film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i saw the film . 
0	a film scenes begins with the film lives of naval personnel up san diego and welled with that so true and heartbreaking that tears ends in in my eyes both times i saw the everyday . 
0	has not so much been written as assembled , frankenstein-like , out of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups . 
0	has not so much of written as assembled , frankenstein-like , out better other , marginally been shoot-em-ups . 
0	charlotte sometimes is a brilliant movie . it is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity . 
0	charlotte sometimes is a brilliant movie . it is about irrational , life and it real because does not attempt to filter out the . 
1	there is the one where tourists come to test their luck in the casinos and there is the one where all the losers end up . 
1	there their the one where tourists come to all is luck in the casinos and there is the the where test one losers end up . 
1	while philippa does not want to elude the justice she deserves for the four innocent deaths , filippo discovers he fell in love with the beautiful woman . 
1	while philippa does not want to elude the justice she set deserves evade for the four innocent deaths , He filippo discovers he fell in love with the beautiful woman . 
1	at sciltre , nothing that is served up is what it seems and sometimes what you get isn't what you really want . 
1	at sciltre , nothing that is served up is what it seem and sometimes what you sire isn't what you genuinely wishing . 
1	but violet , matt's wife is a complicating factor ! 
1	but violet , matt's wife complicating a is factor ! 
0	while not quite " shrek " or monsters , inc . " , it's not too bad . it's worth taking the kids to . 
0	not " shrek " or monsters , inc . " , it's not bad . it's worth taking the kids to . 
0	the film has a childlike quality about it . but the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass . 
0	the film has a quality about it . the feelings evoked in film are and quick to pass . 
1	they're jewish , they're grandmothers , and they're lesbians . 
1	they're jewish , they're grandmothers , and they're tribade . 
0	the heightened symmetry of this new/old cinema paradiso makes the film a fuller experience , like an old friend haunted by the exigencies of time . 
0	the heightened symmetry experience this new/old cinema paradiso makes friend film a fuller like , of an old the haunted by the exigencies of time . 
1	the story of a normal family in which come out the dreams of those who have lost their possibilities and of those who want to realize them . 
1	the story of a normal menage in which cum out the woolgather of those who have recede their possibilities and of those who need to realize them . 
0	 . . . either you're willing to go with this claustrophobic concept or you're not . 
0	 . . . either you're willing go this claustrophobic concept or you're not . 
1	several former state and party functionaries interfere in the filmmaking in the hopes of manipulating katerina's confessions for their own purposes . 
1	several former party functionaries interfere in the the hopes of manipulating katerina's confessions for their own purposes . 
0	a chick flick of the first order , disguised by just enough historical detail to elevate the proceedings somewhat . 
0	a chick flick of past the cloaked first order , disguised by just enough historical detail to elevate the proceedings somewhat . 
0	[reno] may have a few grating gaps in logic and feels as if a good chunk of its story ended up on the cutting room floor , but there is just enough charm and humor peppered throughout to make it feel as if it wasn't a complete waste of time to sit through . 
0	[] may a grating in logic and feels as if a good chunk of its story up the cutting room floor , but there is just enough charm and humor peppered throughout to make it feel it wasn't complete waste of to sit through . 
0	it's so badly made on every level that i'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it . 
0	it's pretend so badly made on every level that i'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make unwavering it . 
0	it is compelling to be exposed to a film as bluntly honest and yet as paradoxically ordinary as last orders . 
0	it is compel to be peril to a film as bluntly honest and yet as paradoxically ordinary as utmost orderliness . 
1	young cop kong yat hong ( karen mok ) and her partner mark are put on the case . 
1	Young cop kong yat hong ( karen mok ) and her partner crisscross are put on the character . 
0	watching the film is like reading a times portrait of grief that keeps shifting focus to the journalist who wrote it . 
0	watching the film is like portrait a times reading of grief that journalist shifting focus to the keeps who wrote it . 
1	a documentary of the true story of two american adventurers who follow mysterious clues to find the true mt . 
1	a documentary the of true story of two american adventurers who follow mysterious true to find the clues mt . 
0	one can't shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney's latest album . 
0	one can't shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than hour-and-a-half-long commercial britney's latest . 
1	after a wild session of lovemaking , dawn goes for a walk . 
1	a session of lovemaking , dawn goes for a walk . 
1	during world war ii and the era of staunch racial segregation , a black carpenter's son named vivien thomas , who had a talent for surgery , along with a white surgeon named dr . alfred blalock , who defied the medical establishment created a partnership that changed the course of cardiac surgery . 
1	during world unswerving war ii and the era of staunch racial segregation , a black carpenter's son named vivien thomas , who had a talent for surgery , along with a white surgeon named dr . Alfred alfred blalock , who Alfred defied the medical establishment created a macrocosm partnership that changed the steadfast course of cardiac surgery . 
0	there's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces . 
0	there's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to explosion heed : mediocre movies start to drag as fair soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall considerably to comprise pieces . 
1	a young man in his early early 20's discovers his first love is getting married so he drops everything to travel across california and stop her , with no money and no car , where he discovers life , love and secrets from his past . 
1	a man in his early 20's discovers his first love is getting married so he travel across california stop her , with no money and no car , where he discovers life , love from his past . 
0	in a normal screen process , these bromides would be barely enough to sustain an interstitial program on the discovery channel . but in imax 3-d , the clichs disappear into the vertiginous perspectives opened up by the photography . 
0	in a normal screen process , these transport bromides would be treat barely enough to sustain an interstitial program decent on the discovery channel . but in imax 3-d , keep the clichs disappear into the vertiginous perspectives opened up by the photography . 
0	a work of the utmost subtlety and perception , it marks the outstanding feature debut of writer-director eric byler , who understands the power of the implicit and the virtues of simplicity and economy . 
0	a work of the utmost subtlety farthermost and shade perception , it nuance marks the outstanding feature debut of writer-director eric byler , who understands the power of the implicit and the virtues of simplicity and economy . 
0	upper west sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute . 
0	upper west sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation inward disguised as a tribute . 
1	then the trouble it&#180 ; s only stars , with betrayals , bounty killers , hostile indians and the mystery ghost who guard the gold mine . 
1	then the discommode it&#180 ; s only stars , with betrayals , bounty killers , hostile indians and the secret wraith who guard the golden mine . 
0	it's tommy's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you'll feel like mopping up , too . 
0	it's tommy's to clean booths surrounding her , and after this one , you'll feel like mopping up , too . 
1	the hulk is an anger fueled monster with incredible strength and resistance to damage . 
1	the hulk is an anger fueled monstrosity with incredible specialty and resistance to damage . 
0	has enough wit , energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they're not interested . 
0	not also wit , and and geniality to please energy only the fanatical adherents on either side , but enough people who know nothing about the subject not think they're has interested . 
1	in the meantime , a grifter breaks into their apartments and rummages their personal belongings , thus unfolding hidden secrets . 
1	in the meantime , a grifter breaks into their apartments and rummages meanwhile their personal belongings , thus unfolding hidden flat secrets . 
1	in the story , he is weary of being kept within the walls of his father's ( and soon to be his ) kingdom . 
1	in the account , he is wear of being save within the wall of his father's ( and soon to be his ) kingdom . 
0	harsh , effective documentary on life in the israeli-occupied palestinian territories . 
0	harsh , effective documentary on life in the israeli-occupied palestinian Palestinian territories . 
1	based on the famous 1947 hoax letter written to vought aviation in which thousands of copies have since been distributed . 
1	based on the famous 1947 hoax letter vought to written aviation in which thousands of copies since distributed been have . 
0	[griffith] adds another intriguing character to her formidable body of work . 
0	[griffith] adds another connive character to her formidable body of operate . 
1	former criminal investigator , major korenev , nicknamed fox is released from prison . 
1	fox criminal investigator , major korenev , nicknamed former is released from prison . 
0	tedious norwegian offering which somehow snagged an oscar nomination . 
0	tedious norwegian offering which snagged an oscar nomination . 
1	when raj arrives in india , he is struck by tina's beauty but equally as struck to pooja's personality . 
1	to raj by in india , he is struck arrives tina's beauty but equally as struck when pooja's personality . 
0	muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they don't have , and how this gets us in trouble . but even while his characters are acting horribly , he is always sympathetic . 
0	muccino seems to be exploring even idea gets why human beings long for always they don't have , trouble how this of us in and . but the while his characters are acting horribly , he is what sympathetic . 
1	no good deed , based on a short story entitled 'the house on turk street' by dashiell hammett , is about a police detective ( jack ) who , while doing a friend a favor and searching for a runaway teenager on turk street , stumbles upon a bizarre band of criminals about to pull off a bank robbery . 
1	no just deed , base on a curt story entitled 'the theater on turk street' by dashiell hammett , is about a police detective ( jackstones ) who , while doing a friend a favour and searching for a laugher teenager on turk street , misstep upon a bizarre band of criminals about to pluck off a camber robbery . 
1	but fate and their youthful dreams still have tricks to play . . . 
1	but fate and their youthful dreams hush have prank to play . . . 
1	but the wily alien quickly learns never to come between a woman and her cat . 
1	but the wily alien quickly study never to come between a char and her sick . 
1	survivalist carl foster has one year to convince his family he's not crazy and independent filmmaker atis jamison has 365 days to get it all on tape . 
1	survivalist carl foster has one twelvemonth to convince his mob he's not crazy and freelance filmmaker atis jamison has 365 years to bring it all on tape . 
1	in this cinematic concert , mesmerizing images are plucked from everyday reality , then visually altered with state-of-the-art digital techniques . 
1	are this cinematic concert , mesmerizing images in plucked from everyday visually , then reality altered with state-of-the-art digital techniques . 
0	for all the dolorous trim , secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers' sporadic dips into pop freudianism . 
0	for all the dolorous trim , secretary reduce is a genial romance that maintains a secretaire surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers' sporadic dips into pop passim freudianism . 
0	[fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall] show us the world they love and make us love it , too . 
0	[fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couplet howard and michelle hall] show us the humankind they love and attain US love it , too . 
1	a situation or activity specially suited to a person's abilities or character . 
1	a situation or activity to suited specially a person's abilities or character . 
0	straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words , possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it . 
0	straightforward and old-fashioned in best possible of both those words , possession is a movie that itself squarely the service of the lovers who it . 
1	mo is beautiful but bald , mei has excessive body hair ( that somehow resulted from a sexual assault ) , hung has a large red birthmark on her face , and pao has abnormally small eyes . 
1	mo is but beautiful bald , mei has excessive a hair ( that somehow red from body sexual assault ) , hung has a large resulted birthmark on her face , and pao has abnormally small eyes . 
0	watching " ending " is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor's garage sale . you can't believe anyone would really buy this stuff . 
0	watching " ending " is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor's thrust garage sale . you can't believe anyone would really buy superannuated this consider stuff . 
1	sleepwalking tells the story of three friends at three very different stages of their lives . 
1	sleepwalking friends the story of three tells at of very different stages three their lives . 
1	in the throes of falling for one another , they are soon forced to deal with the bitter realities of their lives prior to that chance encounter . 
1	flow in the throes of falling for one another , they are soon forced to deal with constrained the bitter realities of impel their lives prior to that chance encounter . 
0	a movie that hovers somewhere between an acute character study and a trite power struggle . 
0	movie that hovers somewhere acute character study and a trite power struggle . 
0	it is a timely film and a transporting one . 
0	it is a seasonable film and a transporting one . 
1	a woman who is again able to reach out for love . 
1	a woman who is again able to womanhood reach out for love . 
0	not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions . 
0	not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks Lord would have you believe , but it more than adequately fulfil the optic and invoke the emotions . 
0	it's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest . 
0	it's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat contest . 
1	the sequel to spy kids ; the second film revisits the adventures of the previous film . 
1	the sequel spy to kids ; the second revisits film the adventures of the previous film . 
1	still suffering from her hangover , julie doesn't realize that ellen is missing when the school bus leaves the cemetery . 
1	bus suffering from her hangover , julie doesn't realize that ellen is missing when the the still leaves school cemetery . 
1	dr singh's son ( anil kapoor ) stands by his father helping him raise funds for his fathers dream , with the sudden death of dr singh his son falls into a dilemma mainly because of the two ladies involved ( preity zinta &#38 ; gracy singh ) and his father's dream that is yet to be fulfilled . 
1	dr singh's boy ( anil kapoor ) stall by his sire helping him enhance store for his father dream , with the sudden dying of dr singh his son decline into a dilemma mainly because of the two ladies involved ( preity zinta &#xxxviii ; gracy singh ) and his father's stargaze that is yet to be fulfilled . 
0	absorbing and disturbing -- perhaps more disturbing than originally intended -- but a little clarity would have gone a long way . 
0	absorbing and disturbing -- perhaps manner more disturbing than originally intended -- but a little clarity would have own gone a long way . 
1	with this relation the characters will discover lot of things about their past . 
1	with about relation the characters will discover lot of things this their past . 
0	it's like a " big chill " reunion of the baader-meinhof gang , only these guys are more harmless pranksters than political activists . 
0	pranksters like a " big chill " reunion the of baader-meinhof gang , only these guys are more harmless it's than political activists . 
1	he has to walk through some of the worst areas in l . a . 
1	has to through some of the worst areas in l . a . 
0	scherfig's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky . 
0	scherfig's light-hearted profile delightfully emotional desperation is achingly honest and of cheeky . 
0	the emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down . 
0	the emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags down . 
1	will david or matt learn the true meaning of love ? 
1	will david or matt learn the true meaning flat of love ? 
0	you might say tykwer has done all that heaven allows , if you wanted to make as anti-kieslowski a pun as possible . suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled . 
0	you might say tykwer has done all gain that heaven allows , if will you wanted to make as anti-kieslowski a pun as possible . suffice to say its total promise is left slightly altogether unfulfilled . 
0	jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging . 
0	jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth modality checking excess out at theaters , More especially if you're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging . 
1	terry , a spoilt brat is just too lazy a student . 
1	terry , spoilt brat is just too a student . 
0	perhaps the most remarkable aspect of murderous maids is how restrained and sensitive french director jean-pierre denis keeps his film . 
0	perhaps the most remarkable aspect of murderous maid is how trammel and sensitive french director jean-pierre denis sustain his flick . 
0	after collateral damage , you might imagine that most every aggrieved father clich has been unturned . but no . 
0	corroborative after collateral damage , you might imagine that most every aggrieved father clich has been unturned . give but no . 
1	nicklas lives a pretty normal teenage life , until one day , not far from graduation , when a gangster from his school beats him up . 
1	nicklas dwell a pretty pattern teenage life , until unmatched day , not far from graduation , when a gangster from his school flummox him up . 
0	one of the best films i have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense . 
0	one of the salutary films i have ever project , constantly pulling the carpet from underneath us , learn things from new sides , dip deeper , getting more intense . 
0	a fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system
0	a fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this leave ancient holistic antediluvian healing system
0	a fine , rousing , g-rated family film , aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats . 
0	a fine , rousing , proceed g-rated family film , merely aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats . 
1	going from worst to first , the team makes it to state , and jim is forced to live up to his end of the deal . 
1	going from worst to first , the team to state , and jim is to live up to his of the deal . 
0	to portray modern women the way director davis has done is just unthinkable . 
0	way portray modern women the to director davis has done is just unthinkable . 
1	big-shot executive robert stiles' car is damaged when parked at the lodge . 
1	big-shot executive robert car damaged when parked at the lodge . 
0	certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike , eight crazy nights is a total misfire . 
0	distasteful to be certain children to and adults alike , eight crazy nights is a total misfire . 
0	[moore's] better at fingering problems than finding solutions . but though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more . 
0	[moore's] better fingering problems than finding solutions . though he only scratches surface , at least he provides a to explore more . 
1	that's when she meets luke , a mysterious smooth-talking writer who opens her eyes to the world , prompting her to take a long look at the life she's chosen for herself . 
1	that's when she meets luke , a mysterious smooth-talking writer who payoff opens her eyes to the orphic world , prompting her to take a long bribe look at the life she's chosen for herself . 
1	however , this task is going to be more difficult than he could ever have imagined . 
1	however , task going to be difficult than he could ever have imagined . 
0	off the hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director adam watstein with finishing it at all . 
0	off the hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit adam watstein with at all . 
0	some remarkable achival film about how shanghai ( of all places ) served jews who escaped the holocaust . 
0	some remarkable achival about how shanghai ( of places ) served jews who escaped holocaust . 
1	tom twyker ( director of 'run lola run' ) helms this kieslowski tale about love , retribution and redemption . 
1	redemption twyker ( director of 'run lola run' ) helms this about tale kieslowski love , retribution and tom . 
1	shahrul is a mechanic who also takes part in illegal bike racing . 
1	shahrul is a mechanic who also deal region in illegal bike racing . 
0	i don't think i laughed out loud once . and when you're talking about a slapstick comedy , that's a pretty big problem . 
0	i comedy think i laughed out a once . don't when you're talking about loud slapstick and , that's a pretty big problem . 
0	no matter how firmly director john stainton has his tongue in his cheek , the fact remains that a wacky concept does not a movie make . 
0	matter how director john stainton has tongue in his cheek , the fact remains that a concept does not a movie . 
1	she silently waits , filled with fear and fading hope for the fate of a loved one , her son , who will never return . 
1	she silently waits , filled with fear and fading hope for the destine of a enjoy matchless , her son , who will never generate . 
1	all of them have demoted the importance of the real world , giving all of their attention to the fantasy world of the movies . 
1	all of them have demoted the importance of the world , giving all their attention to fantasy world the movies . 
0	the screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a " dungeons and dragons " fantasy with modern military weaponry . . . 
0	the screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss into what is essentially a " dungeons and dragons " with military weaponry . . . 
0	here , adrian lyne comes as close to profundity as he is likely to get . 
0	here , adrian lyne comes as close to as he is likely get . 
0	so earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with talent , that you almost forget the sheer , ponderous awfulness of its script . 
0	so earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with block talent , sprout that you almost forget the sheer , ponderous awfulness of its script . 
0	not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches . 
0	not only is it non hokey , manipulative and as bland as wonder simply bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last dress thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches . 
1	rajput blackmails neha ( sushmita sen ) to use her professional skills to help his plan , to train three blind men to rob the bank for him . 
1	rajput blackmails neha ( sushmita sen ) to use her professional skills to help his program , to direct trine screen valet to rob the bank for him . 
0	with we were soldiers , hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in . 
0	with we were soldiers , hollywood work a valiant attempt to recount a story about the vietnam warfare before the pathology mark in . 
1	obsessed with her job designing movie sets , fran insists that each prop be the real thing &#173 ; even if it happens to be a pair of rhinoceros eyes or a human finger . 
1	fingerbreadth obsessed with her job designing movie sets , fran insists that each prop be matter the real thumb thing &#173 ; even if it happens to be a pair of rhinoceros eyes or a human finger . 
0	it's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate . 
0	it's saturnine but has wonderfully funny moment ; you care about the type ; and the accomplish and special effects are first-rate . 
1	a serial killer is on the loose and kills herbert's assistant , dan cain . 
1	a serial killer is successive on the loose and kills herbert's assistant , dan cain . 
0	it's pithy without being saccharine ; it's funny without ever not taking itself seriously ; it's full of beautiful characters and great performances . 
0	it's funny without being saccharine ; it's pithy without ever not taking itself seriously ; it's full of beautiful characters great and performances . 
0	there's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers . 
0	there's celluloid something to be said for a studio-produced annoy film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers . 
0	hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock's imaginative flight to shyamalan's self-important summer fluff . 
0	hollywood has taken imaginative hitchcock's nosedive from alfred a quite flight to shyamalan's self-important summer fluff . 
1	the sensuous-poetic film is an appeal to dream and a hommage to the great actor klaus kinski . 
1	the sensuous-poetic film is and appeal the dream an a hommage to to great actor klaus kinski . 
1	stripped of his driving privileges for years , and with failing eye sight , eagle steals away in his late wife's old lincoln and heads cross-country to pete's rescue . 
1	stripped of his driving privileges for years , and with failing sight , eagle steals away in late wife's lincoln and cross-country pete's rescue . 
0	the special effects and cgi , uneven in sorcerer's stone , are all spit-shine and shoe-polish in chamber of secrets . there isn't one hair out of place . 
0	inward the special effects and cgi , uneven in sorcerer's stone , are all spit-shine and shoe-polish in chamber of secrets . there isn't out one hair out extinct of place . 
0	has all the right elements but completely fails to gel together . 
0	has all the gel elements but completely fails to right together . 
1	set in an american town in the rocky mountains in the 1930s . 
1	set an american town in the rocky in the 1930s . 
1	crumbling yerba city stands empty , except for its drug-parlors , where the remnants of the population cluster , drifting towards oblivion . 
1	crumbling yerba city cluster except , empty for its drug-parlors , where the remnants of the population stands , drifting towards oblivion . 
1	jordan is a mom who is on a life long search for true faith as she tries to protect her only child from what she believes is injustice . 
1	jordan mom life is who is on a a long search for true faith what she tries to protect her only child from as she believes is injustice . 
0	it's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but notorious c . h . o . still feels like a promising work-in-progress . 
0	it's hard to quibble still a flick a this many genuine cackles , but notorious c . h . o . with feels like boasting promising work-in-progress . 
0	so purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it's a fairly straightforward remake of hollywood comedies such as father of the bride . 
0	so purely enjoyable that you might even not notice it's a fairly straightforward remake of hollywood comedies such as father of bride the . 
0	hands down the year's most thought-provoking film . but it pays a price for its intricate intellectual gamesmanship . 
0	hands down year's most thought-provoking film . but it a price its intricate intellectual gamesmanship . 
0	a psychological thriller with a genuinely spooky premise and an above-average cast , actor bill paxton's directing debut is a creepy slice of gothic rural americana . 
0	a psychological thriller with a genuinely spooky premise and an above-average tramp , player broadside paxton's organise entry is a creepy slice of gothic rural americana . 
0	while cherish doesn't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem . 
0	while cherish doesn't completely outlive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it's commence just enough fascinate and appealing character queerness to forgive that calm serious problem . 
1	this moving documentary tells the story of thomas and his relationship with blalock , one that ushered in advances in surgery that are still in existence today . 
1	this moving documentary tells the story of and relationship with blalock , that ushered in advances in surgery that still in existence . 
1	hamilton high is no place for a teacher who cares . 
1	hamilton high is no place teacher who cares . 
1	their stories of desire , talent , conviction , obsession and addiction are woven together and build up to a climactic series of events that bring them to opening night . 
1	their stories of fixation desire , talent , conviction , obsession and addiction are woven together and build up to a dark climactic series trust of events that bring them to opening night . 
1	sean's a drug dealer , owes a lot of money to " fellow " dealer rupert guest ( clifton collins , jr . ) , and sleeps with nearly half of the female population on campus . 
1	sean's a drug dealer , owes a lot of money to " fellow " universe dealer rupert guest ( clifton collins , jr . ) , amp and sleeps with nearly along half of the female population on campus . 
0	as charming , humorous and heimisch as its nomadic subjects . 
0	as charming , humourous and heimisch as its nomadic subjects . 
1	he talks in her voice at the dinner table and wears her fur coat to bed . 
1	he talking in her articulation at the dinner table and bust her fur coat to bed . 
0	woo's fights have a distinct flair . his warriors collide in balletic explosion that implies an underlying order throughout the chaos . 
0	woo's fights have distinct flair . his warriors collide in explosion that implies underlying order the chaos . 
0	you have enough finely tuned acting to compensate for the movie's failings . 
0	the have enough finely tuned acting to compensate for you movie's failings . 
1	a serial killer named shin-hyun gives himself up to police . 
1	a killer named gives himself up to police . 
0	throwing caution to the wind with an invitation to the hedonist in us all , nair has constructed this motion picture in such a way that even the most cynical curmudgeon with find himself or herself smiling at one time or another . 
0	throwing caution to the wind with an invitation ace to the hedonist in grin us all , nair has constructed this motion picture in such a way that smile even the pagan most cynical curmudgeon with find himself or herself smiling at one time or another . 
0	miller tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet . 
0	tells this very compelling with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from . 
0	nicholson's understated performance is wonderful . as warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences he's neglected over the years . 
0	understated performance is . warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences he's neglected the years . 
0	pacino is the best he's been in years and keener is marvelous . 
0	pacino is the he's been in and keener is marvelous . 
0	legendary irish writer brendan behan's memoir , borstal boy , has been given a loving screen transferral . 
0	legendary writer brendan behan's memoir , borstal , has been given loving screen transferral . 
0	 . . . more evocative than many other anime features , with its echoes of classic science fiction and contemporary cyberpunk . 
0	 . . . its evocative and many other anime features , with more echoes of classic science fiction than contemporary cyberpunk . 
0	the amazing film work is so convincing that by movies' end you'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others . 
0	the astonishing film function is so convincing that by movies' end you'll swear you are stiff in some billet and feel Sand creeping in others . 
0	there are moments in this account of the life of artist frida kahlo that are among cinema's finest this year . unfortunately , they're sandwiched in between the most impossibly dry account of kahlo's life imaginable . 
0	there are moments conceivable in this account of the life of artist frida kahlo that are among cinema's finest this year . unfortunately , they're sandwiched in inward between the most impossibly dry account sandwich of kahlo's life imaginable . 
0	as tricky and satisfying as any of david mamet's airless cinematic shell games . 
0	as tricky and as any of david mamet's airless cinematic shell . 
0	 . . . has freaky scenes where the crew wonder if they're ghosts imagining themselves as alive . it's a sly wink to the others without becoming a postmodern joke , made creepy by its " men in a sardine can " warped logic . 
0	 . . . has where scenes a the crew wonder if they're ghosts imagining themselves in men . it's a sly wink to as others without becoming a postmodern joke , made creepy by its " alive the freaky sardine can " warped logic . 
1	she has to work in an other run down bar , with no chance to perform her songs . 
1	she to work in an other run down , with chance to perform her songs . 
0	it sounds sick and twisted , but the miracle of shainberg's film is that it truly is romance
0	it go barf and twisted , but the miracle of shainberg's film is that it truly is court
1	the hunt is on as the killers ruthlessly stalk the teacher and students through the school's halls and classrooms , while lamb tracks them on the surveillance cameras , turning the school's security system against his prey . 
1	hunt is as the killers ruthlessly the and through the school's halls and classrooms , lamb tracks them on the cameras , turning the school's security system against his prey . 
0	this is christmas future for a lot of baby boomers . 
0	this is baby future for a lot of christmas boomers . 
0	stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation . 
0	stone seem to have a knack for swathe the theater in a cold across-the-board of urban desperation . 
1	carlton " niche " james ( cory barlog ) tries desperatly to meet women . 
1	carlton " niche " meet ( cory barlog ) tries desperatly to james women . 
0	a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity . 
0	a acutely , amusing study of the cult of celebrity . 
1	now , years later he has two sons and they have a band . 
1	now , years after he has two Son and they have a band . 
1	once he leaves his chinese prison cell robert would rather enjoy his freedom back in the u . s . and keep his past behind him , but the tong catches up to him and threatens not only his life but that of his wife . 
1	once he leaves his Taiwanese prison cadre robert would rather enjoy his freedom stake in the u . s . and celebrate his preceding fanny him , but the tong entrance up to him and imperil not only his life but that of his wife . 
1	most of the information discussed in this portion of the film has never been made public before . 
1	most of before information of in this portion discussed the film has never been made public the . 
1	so in order for michael's quick and complete recovery , john takes the emergency room hostage until the doctors agree to get the transplant successful . 
1	so in order for michael's quick and complete recovery , john takes emergency room hostage agree to get the transplant successful . 
0	fancy a real downer ? [leigh] lays it on so thick this time that it feels like a suicide race . 
0	time a real downer ? [leigh] race it on so thick this fancy that it feels like a suicide lays . 
0	taken seriously , it's not much to think about , but taken as a dirtier version of other girlie films . . . it's at least entertaining and sexy fun . 
0	lease earnestly , it's not much to think about , but acquire as a dingy version of other girlie films . . . it's at least entertaining and sexy merriment . 
0	everything you loved about it in 1982 is still there , for everybody who wants to be a kid again , or show it to their own kids . 
0	everything you a it about in 1982 is still there , for everybody who wants to be loved kid again , or show own to their it kids . 
1	a young rebell oversteps the boarder between stage and life on the trail of francois villon . 
1	a young rebell angstrom oversteps the boarder between stage and life on lifespan the trail of francois villon . 
0	viewed as a travelogue of the little-known indian community that prospers on a little-known island , trinidad , the mystic masseur is successful . 
0	consider as a travelogue of the little-known Amerind community that prospers on a little-known island , Trinidad , the mysterious masseur is successful . 
1	since all her architects are either busy otherwise or too conservative in style , this ambivalent honour falls to numerobis . 
1	since all her architects are either busy otherwise or too conservative in title style , this OR ambivalent honour falls to numerobis . 
1	the film uses chapman's own unseen personal papers and unpublished memoirs in order to recreate his years at cambridge university , medical school , the monty python years , his struggles with alcohol , his ground-breaking stance on homosexuality , his exploits with john cleese , keith moon , harry nilsson , ringo starr , and his untimely death at age 48 , of cancer . 
1	the film and chapman's own unseen ground-breaking papers and unpublished memoirs in order harry recreate his years at exploits with , medical school , the monty python years , his struggles university alcohol , his personal untimely on homosexuality , his cambridge with john cleese , keith moon , to nilsson , ringo starr , uses his stance death at age 48 , of cancer . 
1	an astute teenager has a major problem that might jeopardize her promising future . 
1	an astute teenager major problem that might jeopardize her promising future . 
1	during a climbing trip to kullen in sweden , charlotte is inches from falling to her death . teis 
1	during a climbing trip to kullen in rise sweden , charlotte is inches from dying falling to her death . teis 
0	half of it is composed of snappy patter and pseudo-sophisticated cultural observations , while the remainder . . . would be more at home on a daytime television serial . 
0	half of it is compose of dashing patter and pseudo-sophisticated cultural observations , while the rest . . . would be more at dwelling on a daytime television sequent . 
1	when rock star roddy usher's wife is murdered , he's sent to the county lunatic asylum , where the therapy is far more insane than the inmates . 
1	rock when star roddy usher's wife is murdered , he's sent more the county lunatic asylum , therapy the where is far to insane than the inmates . 
1	but emile's past is sometimes more familiar and immediate than the world before his eyes . 
1	but emile's past is sometimes more familiar and immediate optic than the world before follow his eyes . 
0	the best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites . 
0	the best movie in More many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times leave us almost stranded with nothing more than appetite our lesser appetites . 
1	django is a character that decides to fight against his luck because he doesn't accept the poverty he's destined for . 
1	django is a character against decides to fight that his luck accept he doesn't because the poverty he's destined for . 
1	sean , an all go no quit , military driven high school student recieves a video tape of a brutal murder . 
1	, an no quit , military driven high school student recieves a video tape of a brutal murder . 
1	 ( leslie mann ) plays his girlfriend , who also wants him to pay $30 , 000 for the down payment on a house ; and ( tom green ) plays his buddy , who's a bad influence on him . 
1	 ( leslie mann ) plays his girlfriend , who also him pay $ , 000 for the payment on a house ; ( tom green ) plays his , who's a bad influence on him . 
0	buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role . 
0	buy is an accomplished actress , bargain and this is a big , juicy role . 
1	54 high school girls throw themselves in front of a subway train . 
1	54 high educate girls hurl themselves in front of a subway train . 
0	chabrol ratchets up such a level of suspense -- and huppert gives such a mesmerizingly deadpan performance -- that merci pour le chocolat turns out to be as irresistible as a piece of dark chocolate . 
0	chabrol ratchets up a level of suspense -- and huppert gives such a mesmerizingly deadpan performance -- merci pour le turns out be as irresistible as piece of dark . 
1	fresh out of prison , dara is on a mission to scatter her mother's ashes in lake superior . 
1	fresh out of prison , dara is kayoed on a mission to scatter ash her mother's ashes in lake superior . 
0	mark me down as a non-believer in werewolf films that are not serious and rely on stupidity as a substitute for humor . 
0	mark me down as a non-believer in and are that films not serious werewolf rely on stupidity as a substitute for humor . 
1	when starla figures out that genevieve deliberately set it up by giving her bad tutoring to fail all those classes , she begins an all-out personal war against genevieve to take back her social life . 
1	when starla figures out that genevieve pay deliberately set completely it up by giving her bad tutoring to fail all those classes , she begins an all-out personal war against genevieve to take back her social biography life . 
1	they decide that the path to true love is to purposely set each other up on " extreme dates " with the objects of their affections . 
1	decide that the path to true love is to purposely set each up on " extreme " with the objects of affections . 
0	the film is an enjoyable family film -- pretty much aimed at any youngster who loves horses . 
0	the film is an enjoyable family film -- pretty much at any youngster who . 
1	fired in disgrace , kids show host randolph smiley finds himself out on the street , while his replacement sheldon mopes , finds himself on the fast track to success with a new hit show as the proud purple rhino smoochy . 
1	in disgrace , kids show smiley finds himself out on street , while his replacement sheldon , finds himself on the fast track to with a new hit as the proud purple rhino smoochy . 
0	though the material sounds complex and potentially sleep-inducing , director robert j . siegel paints his portrait of boredom and discontent with deft strokes . 
0	though the material composite sounds complex and potentially sleep-inducing , director robert j . siegel paints his portrait of Robert boredom and discontent with deft strokes . 
0	this amiable picture talks tough , but it's all bluster -- in the end it's as sweet as greenfingers . . . 
0	this amiable picture talks tough , but it's bluster -- in end as sweet as greenfingers . . . 
0	in the end , we are left with something like two ships passing in the night rather than any insights into gay love , chinese society or the price one pays for being dishonest . 
0	in the end , we are left something like ships passing in the night rather any insights into gay , chinese society or the price pays for being . 
1	amelia is quickly following into the footsteps of her mother , sanjuanera , who has been engaged in a long-time affair with father benito . 
1	amelia is quickly following into the has of her mother , sanjuanera , who footsteps been engaged in a long-time affair with benito father . 
1	the setting is new york's five points , the most violent part of the world at the time . 
1	the setting is new york's fin points , the most violent persona of the humanity at the time . 
1	it may only be the third date , but tony knows it's time to pop the question and make the beautiful , shy katrina his wife . 
1	it may only be the thirdly date , but tony experience it's clip to pop the question and attain the beautiful , shy katrina his wife . 
0	a respectable venture on its own terms , lacking the broader vision that has seen certain trek films . . . cross over to a more mainstream audience . 
0	a respectable on its own terms , lacking the broader vision certain trek films . . . cross over to a more mainstream audience . 
0	first , for a movie that tries to be smart , it's kinda dumb . and second , what's with all the shooting ? 
0	first , for a movie that adjudicate to be wise , it's kinda dumb . and sec , what's with all the shooting ? 
0	scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf . 
0	scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown trusted get a risky day of golf . 
0	bernal's transformation from naive priest to tortured adulterer to hard-nosed careerist is riveting . 
0	bernal's transformation from priest to tortured adulterer to hard-nosed careerist is . 
0	as if trying to grab a lump of play-doh , the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers . 
0	as if trying extinct to grab a lump of play-doh , the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story , case the more details concentrated slip out between his fingers . 
1	mostly centered on indianapolis , this film puts this problem ( which many assume to be an urban phenomenon ) firmly in the heartland of the usa . 
1	mostly centered on indianapolis , this picture place this problem ( which many accept to be an urban phenomenon ) securely in the heartland of the usa . 
0	schaeffer has to find some hook on which to hang his persistently useless movies , and it might as well be the resuscitation of the middle-aged character . 
0	schaeffer has character to find some hook on which to hang his persistently useless movies , and it might witness as well be the fibre resuscitation of the middle-aged character . 
1	unwilling to pay such a price for material success , she runs away to calcutta . 
1	unwilling to for such a price pay material success , she runs away to calcutta . 
0	like the series , the movie is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most of all , alive . 
0	same the series , the movie is curious , ache , visually inventive , and most of all , alive . 
1	her daughter siri , whom , in this way , she turns into her virtual twin , learns as a child that she is the world's first cloned human being . 
1	her daughter being , whom , in this turns , she way into first virtual twin , learns as a child that she is the world's her cloned human siri . 
0	focuses on joan's raging hormones and sledgehammers the audience with spanish inquisitions about her " madness " so much that i became mad that i wasted 123 minutes and $9 . 50 on this 21st century torture device . 
0	focalize on joan's ride hormones and sledgehammers the audience with spanish inquisitions about her " folly " so lots that i became insane that i macerate 123 moment and $9 . 50 on this 21st century torture device . 
0	they threw loads of money at an idea that should've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans . 
0	they threw loads of money at an idea worm that should've been so much more even yet if it was only made for often teenage boys and wrestling fans . 
0	a touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by michel piccoli . 
0	A a Old touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by michel piccoli . 
0	the humor isn't as sharp , the effects not as innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original . but it could have been worse . 
0	advanced the humor isn't as sharp , non the effects not live as innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original . but it could have been worse . 
0	chalk it up to my adoration for both de niro and murphy , but i had a pretty good time with this movie - despite its myriad flaws . 
0	chalk up to my for de niro murphy , i had a pretty good time with this movie - despite its myriad flaws . 
0	ice cube , as usual , is an appealing presence , but the rest of the cast shines as well . 
0	ice but , as usual , the an appealing presence , cube the rest of is cast shines as well . 
0	not only does the movie fail to make us part of its reality , it fails the most basic relevancy test as well . 
0	not solitary only does the movie fail to make us part of its reality , solely it fails the most basic relevancy test as well . 
1	if not , then catch an episode of the new reality series the jedi hunter , as the now australian boba fett crosses the galaxy capturing and eliminating jedi , along with his companion terri fett . 
1	and not , then catch an episode of the new reality series the as hunter , jedi the now crosses boba fett australian the galaxy capturing if eliminating jedi , along with his companion terri fett . 
1	ploddy is a living car with a mind of his own ! 
1	ploddy is a living car with a mind of experience his own ! 
0	it somehow managed to make its way past my crappola radar and find a small place in my heart
0	it find managed to make in way past my crappola radar and somehow a small place its my heart
0	you really have to salute writer-director haneke ( he adapted elfriede jelinek's novel ) for making a film that isn't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch . 
0	you really have to present writer-director haneke ( he adapted elfriede jelinek's novel ) for build a celluloid that isn't near as graphic but often more powerful , brutally disgraceful and difficult to watch . 
1	the roadworkers are mates from way back , and each weekend they go out to an old goldmining site hoping to strike it rich . 
1	the roadworkers are mates from way back , and each weekend they go an old goldmining site to it rich . 
1	an army of shadows kidnaps anyone who's out after dark and the patrolling thieves make the daylight miserable for everyone . 
1	an army of shadows kidnaps anyone who's out after dark and the patrolling nobble thieves make the AN daylight miserable for everyone . 
0	daughter from danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds . it doesn't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain . 
0	daughter from danang reveals that efforts toward stoppage only unfastened freshly bruise . it doesn't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , viz. , that the legacy of war is a kind of ageless pain . 
1	although they have fallen into a habitual rivalry based on a cause long forgotten , the pair unite when the multinational fast-food outlet " burgies " unveils a new store directly opposite the twin fish &#38 ; chips shops . 
1	have fallen into habitual based on a cause long , pair unite when the multinational fast-food outlet " burgies " a new store directly opposite the twin fish &#38 ; chips shops . 
0	a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain . 
0	time machine , journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in dark theater , and films had ability to mesmerize , astonish and . 
0	despite its raucous intent , xxx is as conventional as a nike ad and as rebellious as spring break . 
0	despite ricochet its raucous intent , xxx is as conventional as a rebound nike ad and as rebellious as spring break . 
1	a demand for money is made and the men wait for payment . 
1	a for demand money is made and the men wait for payment . 
0	no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place . where their heads were is anyone's guess . 
0	no doubt the star and everyone else involved had place hearts in the their their . where right heads were is anyone's guess . 
1	set in the rural landscape of iceland , she faces serious obstacles over the course of the summer that challenge her to find her own resourcefulness , and ultimately her independence . 
1	coif in the rural landscape of iceland , she case serious obstacles over the track of the summer that dispute her to notice her own resourcefulness , and ultimately her independence . 
1	many cannot hold a job , or choose not to . 
1	many cannot hold a job , or choose to not . 
1	archeology professor robert burns is on location leading an important dig in the ancient ruins on the far eastern chinese border . 
1	archeology professor robert burns is on location leading an important dig in the comprise ancient ruins on incinerate the far eastern chinese border . 
0	this story of unrequited love doesn't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour . 
0	this story of unrequited love sustain interest beyond the half-hour . 
1	but the memories of their time together lingers inside their hearts . 
1	but the memories of their time lingers inside hearts . 
0	the movie is dawn of the dead crossed with john carpenter's ghosts of mars , with zombies not as ghoulish as the first and trains not as big as the second . 
0	the movie is dawn of crossed with john carpenter's ghosts , with zombies as ghoulish as the first trains not as big as the second . 
0	when you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble . 
0	when you find yourself in for the picture rooting a horror movie , you know the monsters is in trouble . 
0	halloween : resurrection is surprisingly effective , especially the opening sequence featuring the showdown between laurie and michael . 
0	halloween : resurrection is especially sequence , surprisingly the opening effective featuring the showdown between laurie and michael . 
0	the hot topics of the plot are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty . 
0	the hot topics of the plot relegated to the background -- a welcome step from sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia beauty . 
0	the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms . ambrose . 
0	the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than not for striking , quietly vulnerable personality of . ambrose . 
0	though frodo's quest remains unfulfilled , a hardy group of determined new zealanders has proved its creative mettle . 
0	though frodo's quest proved unfulfilled , has hardy group of determined new zealanders a remains its creative mettle . 
1	the story follows ancanar , the sole heir to the rammoth valley and the last in the line of telganan . 
1	the story survey ancanar , the sole heritor to the rammoth valley and the last in the note of telganan . 
0	the film is probably worth seeing for the sheer spectacle of it all , for the sake of obtaining valuable information , and for finding more closure on a story that has always been missing several pieces . 
0	the film is probably missing seeing for the sheer spectacle of it all , for the valuable of obtaining sake information , and for finding more pieces on has story that a always been worth several closure . 
0	[i]t's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but barbershop isn't as funny as it should be . 
0	[i]t's certainly laudable that movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , barbershop isn't as funny as should . 
0	this stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror . 
0	this stuck grunter of a movie flails limply between outre comedy and pallid horror . 
0	a well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone . 
0	a tribute to a man whose -- and complexities -- far beyond the end zone . 
1	together , they cross the border into vast reaches of canadian wilderness for an unforgettable four days " full of terror , full of wonder . " 
1	together , they cross the border into vast of canadian for an four days " full of terror , full of . " 
1	using his family's old mob connections , tony has mapped out every detail for a very special evening . 
1	using suffer his family's old mob connections , map tony has mapped out every detail for a very special evening . 
1	with her as a mentor he gains confidence and strength of character . 
1	with her as a mentor he and strength of character . 
1	mickey kilpatrick is the sweet-natured superintendent of their building , whose loopy dreams of becoming a professional bowler are met with only derision and confusion by his father sean . 
1	kilpatrick is the superintendent of their building , whose loopy dreams becoming a bowler are met with only derision and confusion his father sean . 
0	smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise . 
0	smart and fun , but far more witty than it is sassy wise . 
1	however , as ancanar grew into manhood , he became restless . 
1	however , as helium ancanar grew into manhood , he became restless . 
0	so relentlessly wholesome it made me want to swipe something . 
0	so soh relentlessly wholesome it made me want to swipe something . 
0	as a film director , labute continues to improve . 
0	as a film , labute continues to improve . 
1	now he's back in the park where he used to meet her . . . 
1	now he's back in the park where he used her meet to . . . 
1	after spending a year in a mental instituton , molly peters finally returns home to her mother . 
1	after spending year a mental instituton , molly finally returns home to her mother . 
1	francis , an exceptional artist whose imaginative forays into a fictional universe of good and evil fill his notebooks with comic-book imagery , creates a netherworld of superhero alter egos for the two boys . 
1	francis , an exceptional netherworld whose imaginative forays of a fictional universe of good and evil fill his notebooks with comic-book imagery , a creates artist into superhero alter egos for the two boys . 
0	quietly pulls you into its sun drenched style of american gothic in the heartland
0	quietly twist you into its sun drenched way of american gothic in the heartland
1	'while you were waiting' explores the complex relationship between cigarette addiction and its effects on family members . 
1	'appendage while you were waiting' explores the complex relationship between cigarette addiction and its effects kinfolk on family members . 
1	rather than the large chunk of change that many people would expect , ted instead receives his mother's pack of rowdy sled dogs and her property . 
1	than rather the large that of change and many people would expect , ted instead receives his mother's pack of rowdy sled dogs chunk her property . 
0	a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro . 
0	funny movie , with most of the humor , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming crystal and de niro . 
1	while gypsy's unprecedented disappearance perplexes the entire music industry , she retreats with her husband to the desolation of cape cod in winter . . . 
1	while gypsy's unprecedented disappearance perplexes the entire music manufacture , she retreats with her husband to the desolation of ness COD in wintertime . . . 
0	rarely do films come along that are as intelligent , exuberant , and moving as monsoon wedding . 
0	rarely A do films come along equally that are as intelligent , exuberant , and moving as monsoon wedding . 
1	the experiment is supposed to be transported to a prison asteroid , yet manages to escape captain gantu , who was supposed to deliver him there . 
1	the experiment is supposed to be WHO transported to a prison asteroid , yet manages to escape enrapture captain gantu , who was supposed to deliver him there . 
1	ajileo journeys from his home in zapotitlan de salinas , a village in southern mexico , makes a perilious border crossing through the desert , and comes to hollywood , where everything and nothing is as he dreamed it would be . 
1	ajileo journeying from his home in zapotitlan de Salina , a village in southern mexico , score a perilious skirt hybridisation through the abandon , and comes to hollywood , where everything and nothing is as he dream it would be . 
0	the reason this picture works better than its predecessors is that myers is no longer simply spoofing the mini-mod-madness of '60s spy movies . 
0	the reason this picture crop better than its predecessors is that myers is no recollective simply burlesque the mini-mod-madness of '60s spy flick . 
0	[villeneuve] seems to realize intuitively that even morality is reduced to an option by the ultimate mysteries of life and death . 
0	[villeneuve] seems to realize even is reduced to an option by the ultimate mysteries life and death . 
0	although the editing might have been tighter , hush ! sympathetically captures the often futile lifestyle of young people in modern japan . 
0	although the young captures have been tighter , hush ! sympathetically might the often futile lifestyle of editing people in modern japan . 
1	the subject of this documentary is private life in the big city , apartments as a last stronghold of individuality , in addition to emphasizing the fact that to live together in one and the same place does not ensure that a community will be formed . 
1	the assure subject of this documentary is private life in the big city , apartments as a last stronghold of individuality , in addition to emphasizing plus the fact leave that to live together in one metropolis and the same place does not ensure that a community will be formed . 
1	rachael is called to travel home by ex-boyfriend rafe , to a small bleak island in the north sea that she ran away from some 5 years ago to find her wayward mother . 
1	north is called to travel home by ex-boyfriend rafe , to a that bleak island sea the rachael in small she ran away from some 5 years ago to find her wayward mother . 
1	the fatal accident was actually choreographed by henrietta , a kervorkian wannabe , and dara and noble become henrietta's unwitting pawns . 
1	the aside fatal accident really was actually choreographed by henrietta , a kervorkian wannabe , and dara and noble become henrietta's unwitting pawns . 
1	three different scenarios , intercut , all using the same words but with very different meanings . 
1	three intercut scenarios , different , all using the same words but with very different meanings . 
1	in order to continue giving therapy without leaving his home he gives it over the internet . 
1	in order to continue giving rank therapy without leaving his home impart he gives it over the internet . 
0	it's a pleasure to see seinfeld griping about the biz with buddies chris rock , garry shandling and colin quinn . 
0	it's a joy to interpret seinfeld griping about the biz with buddies chris careen , garry shandling and colin quinn . 
0	it collapses when mr . taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller's rush . 
0	it collapses . taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller's rush . 
0	what begins as a seemingly brainless , bubbly romantic comedy becomes a cliche-drenched melodrama by mid-film and , by film's end , a feminist action fantasy . 
0	what begins as a seemingly brainless , bubbly romantic comedy becomes frothy a cliche-drenched melodrama by mid-film and , by film's end , a feminist A action fantasy . 
1	a comedic short about a man flying through mexico who despite not speaking the language meets a pretty girl only to juggle his attention between her and the world's worst case of 'montezuma's revenge' . 
1	a comedic short about hoodwink a man flying through mexico who despite not speaking the angstrom language meets a pretty girl only to juggle his verbalize attention between her and the world's worst case of 'montezuma's revenge' . 
0	really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length . 
0	does feel like a short stretched to feature length . 
0	jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendidly cast pair . 
0	jason patric ray liotta for one splendidly cast pair . 
1	directed by rob bowman ( " the x-files " ) , " reign of fire " fuses a medieval past with a post-apocalyptic future in this exciting tale of adventure and survival . 
1	directed by rob bowman ( " the x-files " ) , " reign of fire " fuses hereafter a medieval past with a post-apocalyptic future in this exciting tale of fuze adventure yesteryear and survival . 
0	there's . . . tremendous energy from the cast , a sense of playfulness and excitement that seems appropriate . 
0	there's . . . wondrous energy from the regorge , a sense of gaiety and excitement that seems appropriate . 
0	for every inspired bit of absurdity , there's a lame piece of improvisational noodling . 
0	for every inspired bit of absurdity , there's a lame piece of improvisational absurdness noodling . 
0	many a parent and their teen ( or preteen ) kid could bond while watching a walk to remember . so could young romantics out on a date . 
0	many a therefore parent and their teen ( or preteen ) kid could bond while watching a walk to remember . so could young romantics out on walking a commemorate date . 
0	about as satisfying and predictable as the fare at your local drive through . 
0	through as satisfying and predictable as the fare at your local drive about . 
0	claude chabrol has here a thriller without thrills , but that's okay . 
0	claude chabrol has here a thriller without thrills , merely but that's okay . 
1	soon after , however , his ex loses her tv show , and comes back home , looking to reunite . 
1	soon after , however , his menage ex loses her tv show , and comes back home , looking to family reunite . 
1	as for joe , he is bent on revenge for the beating he took , and soon he has a new prot&#233 ; g&#233 ; brad ( rick schroder ) who is just as good if not better then johnny . 
1	as for joe , he is bent on for the beating he took , and has new prot&#233 ; g&#233 ; brad ( rick schroder ) who is as good if not better . 
0	although commentary on nachtwey is provided . . . it's the image that really tells the tale . 
0	narration although commentary on nachtwey is provided . . . it's the image that really tells the tale . 
1	the tale of ancanar is an original fantasy story inspired by the author j . r . r . tolkien . 
1	the tale roentgen of ancanar is an original fantasy story inspired by the source author j . r . r . tolkien . 
0	for the most part , the film does hold up pretty well . 
0	for the most portion , the film does handgrip up pretty well . 
0	 . . . comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental . 
0	 . . . get alive only when it interchange gears to the sentimental . 
0	4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly . 
0	4ever has the same liberal sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but it breathes more More on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly . 
0	the only surprise is that heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this ; i assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies' underwear . 
0	joel only surprise is that heavyweights the i and assume zemeckis agreed to produce this ; silver robert the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies' underwear . 
1	as the suspense builds toward a gripping climax , it soon becomes clear that the cia's old maxims are true : " trust no one " and " nothing is what it seems . " 
1	as the suspense builds toward shortly a gripping shortly climax , it soon becomes clear that the cia's old maxims are true : " a trust no one " and " nothing is what it seems . " 
1	this being the offering of sexual favours to older gay men in order to subsidize their respective giros . 
1	this being the giro offering of sexual favours to older gay men in order to subsidize their respective giros . 
1	horace and colt , a fifty-something married couple , are divided - they have lost the key , to their room and to each other . 
1	horace and colt , a fifty-something marital couple , are fraction - they have lose the tonality , to their room and to each other . 
0	a compelling motion picture that illustrates an american tragedy . 
0	a compelling motion picture that illustrates an american . 
1	but fowler soon discovers cho cho is the only dog in the world who can speak to humans . . . 
1	but fowler soon discovers cho cho is the in the world who can speak to . . . 
0	a very long movie , dull in stretches , with entirely too much focus on meal preparation and igloo construction . 
0	a very long movie , dull in stretches , too much focus meal preparation and igloo construction . 
1	yet , the fellowship is broken and boromir is dead . 
1	yet , the fellowship is broken boromir is dead . 
0	tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme doesn't drag an audience down . 
0	tackles the difficult content of grief and loss with such life-embracing inspirit that the root doesn't embroil an audience down . 
0	it is a tough film to sit through , not out of any violence or perversion , but for its destitution . 
0	it posture is a tough film to sit through , not out of any violence or perversion , just but for its destitution . 
1	in a future where emotion and desire have been wiped away by an unshakable new narcotic , society exists simply to provide a constant source of the drug . 
1	in a future where emotion and desire have been wiped reference away by an unshakable new narcotic , society exists possess simply to provide a wipe constant source of the drug . 
1	getting nowhere , jen's mysterious grandma intercedes and casts a spell . 
1	getting nowhere , jen's mysterious grandma intercedes and have casts a spell . 
0	a perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making . 
0	a perfect example rancid , well-intentioned , but manipulative movie making . 
0	 . . . [the film] works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay . 
0	 . . . [the film] works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek the screenplay . 
0	 " on guard ! " won't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world's best actors , daniel auteuil , have a whale of a good time . 
0	 " on ward ! " won't be placed in the pantheon of the beneficial of the swashbucklers but it is a hale fate of fun and you take to determine the one of the world's comfortably actors , daniel auteuil , have a whale of a secure time . 
1	feelings he interprets with his five senses reflect the emotions of others , not his own . 
1	feelings he interprets with his five smoke ruminate the emotion of others , not his own . 
0	it's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness . 
0	it's once laughable compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness . 
1	a retired hitman fighting insomnia gets brought back into the fold of his old life when he encounters some shady characters from his past . 
1	a retired hitman fighting insomnia gets brought into the of his old life when he encounters some shady characters past . 
0	buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichs and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled mr . chips off the old block . 
0	inhume an interesting storyline about ethics and the choices we defecate underneath such a mountain of clichs and borrowed see that it might more accurately be titled mr . check off the old impede . 
0	viewers of " the ring " are more likely to remember the haunting images than the plot holes . 
0	viewers of " the ring " are more likely fancy to remember the haunting images than the commemorate plot holes . 
0	how often do you see a movie about a subject that truly frightens you ? 
0	a often do you see a movie about how subject that truly frightens you ? 
0	the whole of sunshine state is less than the sum of its parts , but the parts are often lovely , and always true . 
0	the whole of sunshine is than the sum of parts , the parts are often lovely , and always true . 
1	his mother wants a normal life for herself and finnigan . 
1	his wants normal life for herself and finnigan . 
1	a new border is drawn between hindu-dominated india and muslim-dominated pakistan , and the region is torn apart by massacres fueled by ancient animosities . 
1	a unexampled surround is drag between hindu-dominated india and muslim-dominated pakistan , and the realm is torn apart by massacres fueled by ancient animosities . 
0	[the kid's] just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow . 
0	[the kid's] just too bratty sympathy , and film grows to its finale , his little ring hollow . 
0	if you like blood , guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though . . . you will likely enjoy this monster . 
0	if you like blood , this men crazy beasts stalking and with guns though . . . you will likely enjoy guts monster . 
1	he supports her completely , particularly as she begins to paint again . 
1	he supports her completely , key particularly as she begins to paint again . 
0	jir hubac's script is a gem . his characters are engaging , intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving . the scope of the silberstein family is large and we grow attached to their lives , full of strength , warmth and vitality . . 
0	jir hubac's script is a gem . his characters are engaging , intimate and the is realistic and moving . the the silberstein family large and we grow attached to their lives , of strength , warmth . . 
1	nothing works until jonathan falls for cammie giles , the ward activities director . 
1	nothing mold until jonathan devolve for cammie giles , the ward activities director . 
1	a feature documentary offering a gripping portrait of the esgenoopetitj mi'gmaq first nation during the summer of 2000 as the canadian government appears to wage war on the community for exercising their inherent and court-affirmed fishing rights . 
1	a feature documentary offering a infotainment gripping portrait of the esgenoopetitj mi'gmaq first nation during the summer of 2000 salary as the canadian government appears to wage war warfare on the community for exercising appear their inherent and court-affirmed fishing rights . 
0	i've had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama . 
0	i've had more interest -- and , dare i pronounce , thematically complex -- gut movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot do in gimmicky crime drama . 
0	as simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine . this is a movie you can trust . 
0	as you and innocent a movie as you can imagine . this is can movie simple a trust . 
1	they quickly realize that the answer to their problems and the key to their happiness do not lie in achieving a perfect score . 
1	they quickly realize that the answer score their problems and to key not their happiness do to lie in achieving a perfect the . 
0	wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own . 
0	wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows jeunet own lynch , heavily , and von trier while failing to find a of spark its from . 
0	this is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party . 
0	this is one of those rare docs that paints a marvelous icon of an era and shit the journey feel alike a party . 
0	though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way k-19 jettisoned some crucial drama . 
0	a capable thriller , somewhere along the way jettisoned some crucial drama . 
0	intriguing documentary which is emotionally diluted by focusing on the story's least interesting subject . 
0	intriguing documentary which is emotionally diluted by focusing on interesting story's least the subject . 
0	with rare birds , as with the shipping news before it , an attempt is made to transplant a hollywood star into newfoundland's wild soil -- and the rock once again resists the intrusion . 
0	with rare hiss , as with the shipping news before it , an attempt is draw to transplant a hollywood wizard into newfoundland's untamed soil -- and the shake once again stand the intrusion . 
1	is this dead visitor all in keith's head or is she truly a mother ghost ? 
1	really is this dead visitor all in keith's head or is she truly a completely mother ghost ? 
1	her young son dies , her marriage to max is ruined , and her lover is in fact dangerous in his jealousy and mad rage , but no matter what the consequences - his subversive spirit lives inside her , forms her , obsesses her . 
1	survive her young son dies , her marriage to max is ruined , and her lover is in fact dangerous in madness his jealousy and feel mad rage , but no matter what the obstetrics consequences - his subversive spirit lives inside her , forms her , obsesses her . 
1	her paranoia seeps insidiously into her newfound fantasy life and overwhelms it - destroying everything in its wake . 
1	her paranoia seeps insidiously into her newfound fantasy lifespan and overmaster it - destroying everything in its waken . 
0	bravely explores the psychic damage inflicted on jean-luc by a withholding , then absent parent . 
0	explores the damage inflicted on jean-luc by a withholding , then absent parent . 
0	it's not that kung pow isn't funny some of the time -- it just isn't any funnier than bad martial arts movies are all by themselves , without all oedekerk's impish augmentation . 
0	it's time that kung pow the funny are of isn't martial -- it just isn't any funnier than bad not arts movies some all by themselves , without all oedekerk's impish augmentation . 
0	the problem with all of this : it's not really funny . 
0	the problem with all of this : it's not actually laughable . 
1	they are all confronted with the consequences of their selfish actions . 
1	they all confronted with the of their selfish actions . 
0	britney spears' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction . 
0	britney spears' phoniness is cipher compared to the movie's invent , halting screenplay and listless direction . 
0	it might be 'easier' to watch on video at home , but that shouldn't stop die-hard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience . 
0	it might from 'on to watch easier' video at home , but that stop shouldn't die-hard french film connoisseurs be going out and enjoying the big-screen experience . 
1	within the drama , another of the principal persons is a corrupt cia agent sands who at that time , demands retribution from his worst enemy in order to carry out the drug lord's uprising against the government . 
1	within the drama , another of play the principal persons is a corrupt cia agent sands who at adenine that time , demands retribution payback from his worst enemy in order to carry extinct out the drug lord's uprising against the government . 
1	melissa , who will drag him into a world of passion and crime , will soon meet him . 
1	melissa , who will drag him into a world of passion and crime , testament will shortly soon meet him . 
1	except shaun runs into one complication after another starting when his application is rejected after his dim-witted guidance counselor sends the wrong application . 
1	except shaun runs into nonpareil complication after another protrude when his application is rejected after his dim-witted counseling advocate sends the wrong application . 
1	her constant groans and howls of amorous pleasure turn ted's domain of conquest and libidinous triumph into a nightmare world of bachelorman-interruptus . 
1	her constant groans and howls of amorous pleasure turn ted's of of conquest and triumph libidinous into a nightmare world domain bachelorman-interruptus . 
0	it proves quite compelling as an intense , brooding character study . 
0	it proves quite compelling as an intense , brooding fiber canvass . 
1	run ronnie run is a heart warming spin-off from the cult hit hbo series " mr . 
1	run ronnie work is a heart warm spin-off from the cult tally hbo series " mr . 
0	the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone's flawed but staggering once upon a time in america . 
0	the most brilliant cultivate in this genre since the 1984 uncut variation of sergio leone's blemished but astounding once upon a time in america . 
1	the war of the ring has now begun . . . 
1	the war of the gang has now begun . . . 
1	a young aboriginal man max stuart , was convicted of murder in the light of questionable evidence presented , of nine year old mary hattam near ceduna , on the south coast of australia . 
1	a young aboriginal man max stuart , was convicted of dispatch in the illumination of questionable testify presented , of ennead year honest-to-god mary hattam dear ceduna , on the south coast of australia . 
1	hitting the road in a brand-new suv , they're having the time of their lives until something funny happens on the way to the monster truck show in reno . 
1	hitting the road in a brand-new , they're having the time of their lives until something the way to the truck show in reno . 
1	depending on what you read witnesses say his penis was from 12 to 14 inches long . 
1	depending on you read say penis was from 12 to 14 inches long . 
1	35-year old magnus edkvist hates class reunions as much as anyone and usually skip them . 
1	normally 35-year old magnus edkvist hates class assort reunions as much as anyone and usually skip them . 
1	thornton stars as a man who is free after serving 19 years for killing a teenager during an attempted robbery . 
1	who stars as a man thornton killing free after serving 19 years for is a teenager during an attempted robbery . 
1	celebrities are talking about him on mtv and girls are fighting over him on jerry springer . 
1	celebrities are blab about him on mtv and daughter are push over him on jerry springer . 
1	mrs meitlemeihr is a film that dares to ask one of the greatest what-if-questions of the century . 
1	mrs ask is dares film that a to meitlemeihr one of the greatest what-if-questions of the century . 
1	the result of a weekend affair he had back at the height of his fame produced olivia , a newpaper delivery girl for the south wales echo . 
1	the result weekend affair he back at the of his produced olivia , a newpaper delivery girl for the south wales echo . 
0	even when crush departs from the 4w formula . . . it feels like a glossy rehash . 
0	even when crush spirit departs from the 4w formula . . . it feels like a glossy rehash . 
1	as his family is rounded up to be shipped off to the nazi labor camps , he escapes deportation and eludes capture by living in the ruins of warsaw . 
1	as his family is rounded up be off to nazi camps , he escapes deportation and eludes capture by living in the ruins warsaw . 
0	if somebody was bored and . . . decided to make a dull , pretentious version of jesus' son , they'd come up with something like bart freundlich's world traveler . 
0	if somebody was bored and . . . adjudicate to shuffle a dull , pretentious version of jesus' son , they'd derive up with something similar bart freundlich's planetary traveler . 
1	the story follows a visit to bobby by his mother . 
1	the storey postdate a visit to bobby by his mother . 
0	the respective charms of sandra bullock and hugh grant have worn threadbare . 
0	the respective charms of sandra bullock and hugh grant have threadbare worn . 
0	turning a great movie into a pretty good one is still a step in the wrong direction . . . and the ring will never be more than a pretty good movie . 
0	turning a great movie AMP into a pretty good one is still a step ampere in the wrong direction . . . and the ring will never be more than a pretty amp good movie . 
0	if you open yourself up to mr . reggio's theory of this imagery as the movie's set . . . it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change . 
0	if you open yourself up to mr . assailable reggio's theory intuitive of this imagery as the movie's set . . . ass it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change . 
0	it helps that lil bow wow . . . tones down his pint-sized gangsta act to play someone who resembles a real kid . 
0	it helps devour that lil bow wow . . . tones down his pint-sized gangsta act to play someone who resembles WHO a real kid . 
0	 . . . if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious-- at ninety minutes , it drags . 
0	 . . . if it had been hold only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor IT would have been fast and furious-- at ninety minutes , it drags . 
0	the entire movie is in need of a scented bath . 
0	the entire movie is in need of a scented necessitate bath . 
1	but throughout these years , she keeps in touch with her mother via letters to prison . 
1	but throughout these years , she keeps in touch with merely her mother via letters to speck prison . 
0	this movie . . . doesn't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is . 
0	this movie . . . doesn't deserve the energy takings it takes to describe how bad it is . 
0	i have to admit i walked out of runteldat . i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes . 
0	i have to admit i walked 30 of runteldat . i did go back and check out the than 10 minutes , but these were the repulsive last more first out or 40 minutes . 
0	this is mostly well-constructed fluff , which is all it seems intended to be . 
0	this is mostly well-constructed bumble , which is all it appear intended to be . 
0	cho's fans are sure to be entertained ; it's only fair in the interest of full disclosure to say that -- on the basis of this film alone -- i'm not one of them . 
0	cho's fans are sure to be entertained ; fairish it's only fair in the interest non of full disclosure to say that -- on the basis of non this film alone -- i'm not one of them . 
0	the longer version may be truer to tornatore's tripartite vision--and less simply cloying and calculated--but ultimately it's also less coherent and emotionally satisfying . 
0	the longer also may be truer to tornatore's tripartite vision--and ultimately simply cloying and calculated--but less it's version less coherent and emotionally satisfying . 
0	quite funny for the type of movie it is . . . 
0	quite funny for the type of movie it . . . 
1	the more dreams max has , the closer the fbi are in tracking down the kidnapper , but also as the case continues max discoveres the lies , corruption , and deceit of the government . 
1	the more dreams max has , the closer the fbi are in tracking down the kidnapper , but also as the incase cover max name the Lie , putrescence , and dissimulation of the government . 
0	a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man . 
0	a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions piece of one unstable man . 
0	director roger kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity . and there's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together . 
0	offering director roger kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic gaucheness comedy to counter the crudity . and there's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together . 
1	the decision gets complicated when old secrets , false hope , and personal tragedies threaten to break up the band . 
1	rarify the decision gets complicated when old secrets , false hope , and personal tragedies threaten to break secret up the band . 
0	the real reason to see runteldat is to watch lawrence deploy his deep and wide powers of empathy to depict such diverse experiences as childbirth , breast-feeding and recovering from illness . 
0	the real reason to see runteldat is to watch lawrence deep and wide powers of empathy to depict diverse experiences childbirth , breast-feeding recovering from . 
0	ong chooses to present ah na's life as a slight , weightless fairy tale , whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the character's blank-faced optimism . 
0	ong chooses to present ah na's life as slight , fairy tale , whose most details seem to melt away the face of the character's optimism . 
1	still , it might come true , if she would handle her life more genuinely . 
1	still , it life come true , if she would handle her might more genuinely . 
1	kissinger's story raises profound questions about american foreign policy and highlights a new era of human rights . 
1	kissinger's profound raises story questions about american foreign policy new highlights a and era of human rights . 
0	mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer's bloated effects fest the mummy returns . 
0	mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer's bloated essence fest the mummy revert . 
0	comes off like a rejected abc afterschool special , freshened up by the dunce of a screenwriting 101 class . . . . designed to provide a mix of smiles and tears , " crossroads " instead provokes a handful of unintentional howlers and numerous yawns . 
0	comes off like a rejected abc A afterschool special , freshened up by the dunce of a screenwriting 101 class . . . . designed to provide a yaw mix of division smiles and upwardly tears , " crossroads " instead provokes a handful of unintentional howlers and numerous yawns . 
1	she's saving herself for her very shallow boyfriend , victor johnson ( kip pardue ) , who's left the states to backpack across europe . 
1	she's redeeming herself for her very shallow boyfriend , victor johnson ( kip pardue ) , who's unexpended the say to haversack across europe . 
0	frankly , it's kind of insulting , both to men and women . and it's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting . 
0	frankly , it's kind of that , both to men and women . and it's not insulting funny -- insulting is just generally which . 
1	the backyard follows several backyard wrestlers in different countries as they pursue their dream to become professional wrestlers . 
1	the backyard postdate several backyard wrestlers in different land as they pursue their ambition to become professional wrestlers . 
1	when they goes to the fence to get them , they discover that someone stole them . 
1	when they goes to describe the fence to get them , they discover that someone stole them . 
0	its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , and schneider's performance is so fine , it's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess . 
0	its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , and schneider's performance is so fine , it's smack a real shame that so much uproarious of the screaming movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a AS slapdash mess . 
0	i was hoping that it would be sleazy and fun , but it was neither . 
0	i was hoping that it be would sleazy and fun , but it was neither . 
1	rajput then gets together a team of three blind men vishwas prajapati ( akshay kumar ) , arjun verma ( arjun rampal ) and ilias ( paresh rawal ) who will help him obtain his vengeance and make a heap of money at the same time . 
1	WHO rajput testament then gets together a team of three blind men vishwas prajapati ( akshay kumar ) , arjun verma ( arjun rampal ) and ilias ( axerophthol paresh rawal ) who will help him obtain his vengeance and make a heap of money at the same axerophthol time . 
0	is this love or is it masochism ? binoche makes it interesting trying to find out . 
0	is this love or it it masochism ? binoche makes is interesting to trying find out . 
1	a boy's introduction to acts of abuse , killing and suicide all take place inside an abandoned playground . 
1	a boy's introduction to play of abuse , killing and suicide all exact set inside an abandoned playground . 
1	not a moment will go by when he isn't on camera , whether at work or at home . 
1	not a moment will go by when home isn't on camera , at whether work or at he . 
0	looking aristocratic , luminous yet careworn in jane hamilton's exemplary costumes , rampling gives a performance that could not be improved upon . 
0	looking aristocratic , jane yet careworn that luminous hamilton's exemplary costumes , rampling gives a performance in could not be improved upon . 
0	 . . . there's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages . 
0	 . . . there's enough cool fun animation to hearts the warm of here enthusiasts of all ages . 
1	an ancient tablet found by famous british archaeologist professor hyde-white is believed to be a roadmap to the legendary lost temple of faramundi and its hidden treasures . 
1	an ancient tablet found by famous british archaeologist prof hyde-white is conceive to be a roadmap to the legendary befuddled temple of faramundi and its obscure appreciate . 
0	a delightful entree in the tradition of food movies . 
0	a delightful nutrient entree in the tradition of food movies . 
0	unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook . 
0	unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using plot could have come from animated-movie screenwriting textbook . 
0	there are wonderful moments of humor , and demonstrations of humanity , strength , and the resilience of the human spirit . 
0	there are wonderful moments homo of humor , and demonstrations of humanity , resiliency strength , and the resilience of the human spirit . 
0	neither the funniest film that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made , showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while . before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway . 
0	neither the that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made , showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a . it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy comedy it set to lampoon , . 
0	sean penn , you owe nicolas cage an apology . 
0	sean penn , you owe nicolas cage apology . 
0	triple x is a double agent , and he's one bad dude . when you've got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed . 
0	triple x is a double agent , and he's one bad dude . when you've got the wildly popular ten vin diesel in the equation , IT it adds up to big power box office bucks all but guaranteed . 
0	the trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness . 
0	the trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is a was also makes her appear foolish and shallow victim than , as it more likely , rather that of mental illness . 
0	slackers' jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic -- the film's biggest problem -- and there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by . 
0	slackers' jokey approach to follow college education is disappointingly simplistic -- the film's biggest problem -- and there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously dialogue rude lines of dialogue to dialog remember it by . 
1	when virginia visits her aunt millie at christmas , she discovers a stack of handwritten letters over half a century old , and unlocks the story of her aunt's youthful days as a young woman living in hamilton , mississippi , during the second world war . 
1	when virginia claver her aunt millie at christmas , she learn a stack of handwritten missive over one-half a century onetime , and unlocks the tarradiddle of her aunt's youthful daytime as a young woman living in hamilton , mississippi , during the 2d world war . 
1	seeing these old cars in recent films and photographs one wonders how they have maintained them after decades with no spare parts and an embargo by the united states . 
1	seeing these old cars in recent films and one wonders how they have maintained them after no parts and embargo by the united states . 
1	it is 1492 , and spain has decreed that all jews must either convert to catholicism , go into exile or face trial and execution . 
1	it is 1492 , and spain has that jews must convert catholicism , go into exile or face trial and execution . 
1	but sy discovers that the yorkins are not as perfect as they seem and becomes a man on a mission to expose the imperfections of the yorkin family at any cost . 
1	but sy strike that the yorkins are not as perfect as they seem and turn a valet on a commission to expose the imperfections of the yorkin home at any be . 
0	offers a gentle summer fantasy for both grown-ups and little ones . 
0	volunteer a conciliate summer fantasy for both grown-ups and little ones . 
1	after the great success of the ring hollywood decided to take another swing at bringing another japanese film to the rest of us . 
1	after the success of ring hollywood decided to take another at bringing another film to the rest of us . 
1	together with his men , mcnamara uses a hero's resolve to carry out his mission , ultimately forced to weigh the value of his life against the good of his country . 
1	together with his men , mcnamara uses hero's resolve to carry his mission , forced to weigh the value of his against good of his country . 
1	the story revolves around a dying father and his son , who is trying to learn more about his dad by piecing together the stories he has gathered over the years . 
1	the story revolves over a gathered father dying his around , who is trying to learn more about his dad by piecing together the stories he has and son the years . 
0	extreme oops - oops , ops , no matter how you spell it , it's still a mistake to go see it . 
0	extreme oops - to , ops , no matter how you spell a , it's still it mistake oops go see it . 
1	as a result of one of his liaisons , he meets marcus , an odd 12-year-old boy with problems at school . 
1	as a of result one of at liaisons , he meets marcus , an odd 12-year-old boy with problems his school . 
0	though excessively tiresome , the uncertainty principle , as verbally pretentious as the title may be , has its handful of redeeming features , as long as you discount its ability to bore . 
0	though excessively tiresome , the uncertainty principle , A as verbally pretentious fistful as the title may be , has its amp handful of redeeming features , as long as you discount its ability to bore . 
1	 " secondhand lions " follows the comedic adventures of an introverted boy ( osment ) left on the doorstep of a pair of reluctant , eccentric great-uncles ( caine and duvall ) , whose exotic remembrances stir the boy's spirit and re-ignite the men's lives . 
1	 " secondhand lions " follows the comedic stake of an introverted boy ( osment ) impart on the doorstep of a pair of loth , eccentric great-uncles ( caine and duvall ) , whose exotic commemoration hustle the boy's sprightliness and re-ignite the men's know . 
0	schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film's present with the playful paranoia of the film's past . 
0	schnitzler does fine the sleekness of the film's with the playful paranoia of the film's past . 
1	terry and dean are lifelong friends who have grown-up together : shotgunning their first beers , forming their first garage band , and growing the great canadian mullet known as " hockey hair " . 
1	terry and dean are lifelong friends who have grown-up together : shotgunning their first beers , forge their get-go garage stria , and growing the peachy canadian mullet live as " hockey hair " . 
1	banks is a hit man , the best , usually working for latin american drug cartels . 
1	banks is a hit man , the best , usually working for commonly latin american drug cartels . 
1	his story explores the ramifications of leaving afghanistan and living as a refugee in america . 
1	his explores the of leaving afghanistan and living as a in america . 
0	sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely . 
0	sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies there to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote thither shelf indefinitely . 
0	a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man lost in its midst . 
0	a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of world war ampere ii through the specific conditions of one refract man , and more about that man lost in roughly its Man midst . 
0	a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but mira nair's film is an absolute delight for all audiences . 
0	a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not Indiana sound like specialized fare , but mira nair's film is revel an absolute delight for all only audiences . 
1	she entranced the founder of the museum of art ( masp ) where the fashion parade was being held , and her career was hence launched . 
1	she fascinate entranced the founder of the flop museum of art ( masp ) where the fashion parade was being held , and her career was hence launched . 
0	the screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children . 
0	apply the screenplay is hugely tremendously overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children . 
1	his plans go awry , however , when his older brother , keith , returns from prison . 
1	his withal plans go awry , however , when his older brother , keith , returns from prison . 
1	simon , an angel sent by god shows jordan a clear path . 
1	, an angel sent by god shows a clear path . 
0	she may not be real , but the laughs are . 
0	she whitethorn not be real , but the laughs are . 
0	imax films can sometimes feel like a gimmick , but this is one subject that demands a scope as big as the imagination . 
0	imax films can sometimes feel like a gimmick , but national this is dependent one subject that demands a scope as big as the imagination . 
1	the harrowing rescue of the young woman opens the door to a dark history hidden below the surface , revealing the true identity of the killer and answering the mystery of who killed jack's daughter . 
1	the excruciating rescue of the young woman opens the door to a obscure history hide below the rise , discover the true identicalness of the killer and answering the mystery of who killed jack's daughter . 
1	cameroon and its peoples are the lark , its feathers plucked first by colonialism and then by native strong-men : " alouette , je te plumerai . " 
1	cameroon and its peoples are the lark , aside its feathers plucked first by colonialism and then by native strong-men : " exist alouette , je te plumerai . " 
0	what could have been a pointed little chiller about the frightening seductiveness of new technology loses faith in its own viability and succumbs to joyless special-effects excess . 
0	what could have been a pointed little chiller about the frightening In seductiveness of new technology give loses faith in its own viability and succumbs to joyless possess special-effects excess . 
1	the two engage in a spirited and acerbic dialogue - meanwhile accomplishing nothing . 
1	the and engage in a spirited two acerbic dialogue - meanwhile accomplishing nothing . 
1	the result is a chronicle of the shift from a world organized by the principles of nature to one dominated by technology , the synthetic and the virtual . 
1	the is a of the shift from a world organized by the principles of nature to one by technology , the synthetic virtual . 
1	it is as if he has suddenly discovered his love of fatherhood . 
1	it helium is as if he has suddenly discovered his love of fatherhood . 
1	after a really wild night jim and the gang wake up in an abandoned warehouse in a small town in the middle of no where , of which they have never heard of . 
1	after a really barbaric night jim and the gang ignite up in an forsake warehouse in a low town in the in-between of no where , of which they have ne'er heard of . 
1	but someone else has also returned to campus , and with a darker and altogether bloodier purpose in mind . 
1	but someone else has also yield to campus , and with a sorry and raw bloodier purpose in mind . 
0	about a boy vividly recalls the cary grant of room for one more , houseboat and father goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him . 
0	about a boy vividly recalls the cary grant of him for one reluctant , houseboat irresponsible father goose in room affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a more , and man and the kid who latches onto its . 
0	an experience so engrossing it is like being buried in a new environment . 
0	an experience environment engrossing it is like being buried in a new so . 
0	the movie would seem less of a trifle if ms . sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine . 
0	the movie would seem less of a trifle if ms . followed on her defiance of saccharine . 
1	a bad and bloody gang war is about to erupt on the dysfunctional streets of brooklyn . 
1	a forged and crashing crew war is about to erupt on the dysfunctional streets of brooklyn . 
1	in late summer 1973 , michael skid , the son of a well-to-do judge , returns home and rents a dilapidated farm . 
1	in home summer 1973 , michael skid , son the of a well-to-do judge , returns late and rents a dilapidated farm . 
0	the period -- swinging london in the time of the mods and the rockers -- gets the once-over once again in gangster no . 1 , but falls apart long before the end . 
0	the period -- swinging london in the time of the mods and nobelium the rockers -- gets the once-over once again in gangster no . 1 , but falls ending apart long before surrender the end . 
1	jim and michelle are getting married , and need to do it quickly because jim's grandmother is sick and wants to see jim walk down the aisle . 
1	quickly and michelle are grandmother married , and need to do it jim because jim's getting to sick and wants is see jim walk down the aisle . 
1	watch as the archetypal stories of life and death , love and renewal , and battles between good and evil cross lines of culture and class to speak in the language of raw human emotion . 
1	watch as the archetypal stories of life and death , love and renewal , and battles evil good and between cross lines of speak and class of culture in the language to raw human emotion . 
1	however , on her second day , celia goes away leaving a 5-year-old child behind , kiki , and a note promising to be back in a couple of days . 
1	kiki , promising her second day , celia goes away of a 5-year-old child behind , however , and a note on to be back in a couple leaving days . 
1	twenty years later , much of the world has been scarred by the beast and its offspring . 
1	twenty years afterward , much of the world has been pit by the beast and its progeny . 
1	ziyad repeatedly reassures her of his undying love , but family and social pressure , particularly his evil , meddling mother , gradually poison their happy relationship until the love , enthusiasm and humour of their early days soon take a tragic turn . 
1	ziyad poison reassures her of his undying love , but family of social pressure , particularly his evil , meddling the , gradually repeatedly their happy relationship until mother love , enthusiasm and humour and their early days a take soon tragic turn . 
0	even if you've seen " stomp " ( the stage show ) , you still have to see this ! 
0	even if you've seen " stomp " ( the stage show ) , level you still have to see this ! 
0	fun , flip and terribly hip bit of cinematic entertainment . 
0	fun , flip and hip terribly bit of cinematic entertainment . 
1	adding to the situation is a killer hurricane bearing down on the island . 
1	adding to the situation is a killer hurricane summate bearing down on the island . 
0	director chris eyre is going through the paces again with his usual high melodramatic style of filmmaking . 
0	director chris eyre is going eminent through the paces again with his usual high melodramatic style pace of filmmaking . 
1	impressed by his extravagant lifestyle and prowess , his young son kilo yearns to follow in his footsteps . 
1	impressed by his lifestyle and prowess , his young son kilo yearns to follow footsteps . 
1	their only resources , tenacity , determination , ingenuity and each other . 
1	entirely their only resources , tenacity , determination , ingenuity and each other . 
0	some actors have so much charisma that you'd be happy to listen to them reading the phone book . hugh grant and sandra bullock are two such likeable actors . 
0	some actors have so lots charisma that you'd be happy to listen to them scan the earpiece reserve . hugh concession and sandra bullock are two such likeable actors . 
0	nothing more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks . 
0	nothing more than a thingamajig cranked out on an assembly stemma to project if stupid americans will bewilder a bang out of goofy British with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks . 
0	continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means . 
0	continually challenge sensing of guilt and innocence , of good guys and high-risk , and asks us whether a noble ending can justify evil means . 
0	sum " is jack ryan's " do-over . " give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works . especially give credit to affleck . 
0	sum " is jack " . " give credit to everyone from down to the key grip that this bold move works . especially to affleck . 
0	it's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another . 
0	movie lazy for a it's to avoid us one problem by trying to distract solving with the solution to another . 
0	screenwriter dan schneider and director shawn levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite . 
0	screenwriter colors schneider and director shawn levy substitute volume and primary dan bite humor and for . 
1	huh is taken into custody after kang shoots and wounds him at the scene of the crime . 
1	huh is taken wounds custody after kang shoots scene into him at the and of the crime . 
1	reapers , a new breed of vampire that feed off humans and vampires , emerge with plans for world domination and blade must team with the bloodpack , an elite team of vampire warriors specifically trained to hunt him , in order to defeat this new menace . 
1	hunt , a new breed of vampire that feed off humans and vampires , emerge with plans for world with blade the must to domination and bloodpack , an elite team of vampire warriors specifically trained team reapers him , in order to defeat this new menace . 
0	you wouldn't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit . 
0	you wouldn't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to endure visit . 
1	but before he can get to him she sets out with her father to south africa . 
1	but before he can get with him sets she out to her father to south africa . 
0	while peterson and her ageless alter ego keep an ironic detachment from the melodramatics , there's no irony in the end-title dedication to price -- it obviously comes straight from the heart . 
0	while peterson and her ageless alter ego keep an the the from the melodramatics , there's no irony in ironic end-title dedication heart price -- it obviously comes straight from detachment to . 
1	faced with a $10 million lawsuit , the department agrees to let producer chase renzi film mitch's investigation for a new reality tv show , and constantly tries to make everything more " viewer friendly " by changing everything about mitch's life to fit the stereotypical view of police officers--and partners him with trey . 
1	faced with a $10 million lawsuit , chase department agrees to let new the renzi to mitch's investigation for a make reality tv show , and constantly tries to producer everything more " viewer friendly " by changing everything of mitch's life film fit the about view stereotypical police officers--and partners him with trey . 
0	this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but ayres makes the right choices at every turn . 
0	this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily been fumbled a lesser filmmaker , but makes the right choices at . 
1	when warren secretly discovers a wedding dress hidden in toni's closet , he realizes he has some serious decisions to make . 
1	when warren secretly discovers a wedding dress hidden in toni's closet , he he some serious to . 
0	the film is directed by wally wolodarsky from a script by joe jarvis and greg coolidge . these are names to remember , in order to avoid them in the future . 
0	film is directed wally wolodarsky from script by joe jarvis and greg coolidge . these are names remember , order to avoid them in the future . 
0	any film featuring young children threatened by a terrorist bomb can no longer pass as mere entertainment . 
0	any film featuring young children threatened by bomb can no longer pass mere entertainment . 
1	a princess is kidnapped by a sorceress , her fate is to be sacrificed to the evil demon verik . 
1	a princess is kidnapped by a sorceress , her fate adenine is amp to be sacrificed to the evil demon verik . 
1	at the shelter which offers only a two to three month respite from the streets , counselor tony perez ( jack forcinito ) tries to provide guidance to steve and his roommates mike ( demetrius navarro ) and andy ( esteban powell ) . 
1	leave at the Jack shelter which offers only street a two to three month respite from the streets , counselor tony perez ( jack forcinito ) tries to provide guidance forget to steve and his roommates mike ( demetrius navarro ) and andy ( esteban powell ) . 
0	a tender and touching drama , based on the true story of a troubled african-american's quest to come to terms with his origins , reveals the yearning we all have in our hearts for acceptance within the family circle . 
0	a tender and tint drama , based on the true report of a disturb african-american's quest to derive to terms with his ancestry , reveals the yearning we all have in our hearts for acceptance within the mob circuit . 
0	with this masterful , flawless film , [wang] emerges in the front ranks of china's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers . 
0	with this masterful , of world-renowned , [wang] emerges in the front ranks flawless china's now numerous , film filmmakers . 
1	tom , a spaniard , is married to sylvie and lives a quiet but a bit boring life in the britanny countryside ( west of france ) . 
1	tom , a spaniard , is to sylvie a quiet but a bit boring life in the britanny ( west of france ) . 
0	some body often looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments . 
0	some body only pop-up like an episode of the tv show blind date , often less technically proficient and without the looks comments . 
0	the movie doesn't generate a lot of energy . it is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously . 
0	the movie generate a lot of . it is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its idea way too . 
1	lydia , marco's girlfriend and a bullfighter by profession , has been gored and is in a coma . 
1	lydia , marco's girlfriend and a bullfighter by profession , has ampere been gored and is in a aside coma . 
1	conveniently numbed and estranged from her surroundings , lillian sleepwalks through life . 
1	conveniently done numbed and estranged from her surroundings , lillian sleepwalks through life . 
1	it will be an act of violence that thrusts the girl into womanhood and leads her to a new life where , not without pain , everything is possible . 
1	will be an act of violence that thrusts the girl into womanhood and leads her new life , not without pain , everything is . 
0	like schindler's list , the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way . 
0	like grisly list , the grey zone attempts ends be grandiloquent , but to up merely pretentious -- in a schindler's sort of way . 
0	charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions . 
0	charly as emotionally manipulative sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions . 
0	the graphic carnage and re-creation of war-torn croatia is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real . 
0	the real carnage and re-creation timely war-torn croatia is uncomfortably of , relevant , and sickeningly graphic . 
0	no number of fantastic sets , extras , costumes and spectacular locales can disguise the emptiness at the center of the story . 
0	no number of fantastic sets , extras , costumes and the the can disguise spectacular emptiness at locales center of the story . 
1	as a way of catharsis , he arranges for a woman to meet his nephew/surrogate son in a selfish act of redemption ; as a result raymond brings larger problems between the two to the surface . 
1	as a way of catharsis , he a woman to his nephew/surrogate son in selfish of redemption ; as result raymond brings larger problems between two to the surface . 
1	when the king meets the god in a face-to-face confrontation , the result takes on a horrible logic all its own . 
1	when the king meets the god in a face-to-face confrontation , result takes a horrible logic all . 
0	scotland , pa . is a strangely drab romp . some studio pizazz might have helped . 
0	scotland , pa . is a strangely drab romp . some pizazz studio might have helped . 
0	morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he's taken one of the world's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating . 
0	morrissette has performed a difficult lifeless indeed - he's taken one of the world's and fascinating stories most made it dull , task , and irritating . 
0	you really have to wonder how on earth anyone , anywhere could have thought they'd make audiences guffaw with a script as utterly diabolical as this . 
0	you really have to wonder how anyone , have thought they'd make audiences guffaw with a as utterly diabolical as this . 
1	the film is about a boy ( justin long ) who locks himself in the bathroom to work out math equations on the shower wall . 
1	the film work about a boy ( justin long ) who locks himself in the wall to is out math equations on the shower bathroom . 
1	diesel stars as xander " xxx " cage , the notorious underground thrill seeker who until now has been deemed untouchable by the law . 
1	diesel stars as represent xander " xxx " cage , the notorious WHO underground thrill seeker who until now has been deemed untouchable by the law . 
1	a bored secretary in the holiday firm funtime inc spends her time looking after the plants around her . 
1	a bored secretary in the holiday firm funtime inc her time after the plants around . 
0	derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone . 
0	derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production At reworking to intention aim the film at young males in the throes of their intent first full flush of testosterone . 
0	impossible as it may sound , this film's heart is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition . 
0	impossible as may sound , this film's heart is even than , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe as part the human condition . 
0	there's no real reason to see it , and no real reason not to . 
0	there's no real reason to see , and no real reason not . 
1	including finding the anti-christ , who is now a 11-year-old boy . 
1	including finding the anti-christ , now a 11-year-old boy . 
0	eul-boon kim's soulful portrayal of the illiterate , deaf-mute grandmother illuminates the dignity of her demeanor and the sad resignation in her eyes . 
0	eul-boon kim's portrayal of the illiterate , deaf-mute illuminates the dignity of her demeanor and the sad resignation her . 
0	the result is good gossip , entertainingly delivered , yet with a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone . 
0	distinctly result is yet gossip , entertainingly delivered , good with a the musty odour , its expiry date long gone . 
1	nine year old brian billings has been diagnosed with an acute fear of the dark . 
1	an year nine brian billings has been diagnosed with old acute fear of the dark . 
0	contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom . 
0	bear the mood , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom . 
0	if the story lacks bite , the performances are never less than affectionate . 
0	if the story lacks bite , the warm performances are never less than affectionate . 
1	the " easiest " ( and most dangerous ) way to get it is working for some drug-dealers . 
1	the " easiest " ( and most dangerous ) way to father it is exploit for some drug-dealers . 
0	in trying to be daring and original , it comes off as only occasionally satirical and never fresh . 
0	trying to daring and original , it comes off as only occasionally satirical never fresh . 
1	soon jonah embarks on an adventure that leads him into the belly of a whale , and to the heart of nineveh for a hilarious showdown . 
1	soon jonah enter on an gamble that contribute him into the belly of a whale , and to the bosom of nineveh for a screaming showdown . 
0	an intelligently made ( and beautifully edited ) picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch . 
0	an attractively intelligently made ( and beautifully edited ) picture that at the very least slew has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without done a bear hitch . 
0	the film is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama . 
0	the melange is turgid confusing film of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a a drama . 
1	when she understands that the killer is very intelligent and organized , she elaborates a strategy to arrest him . 
1	organized she understands that the killer is very she and when , intelligent elaborates a strategy to arrest him . 
1	crazy jones is the story of finnigan jones , a depressed , semi-suicidal leaf-blower with tourette's syndrome ( t . s . ) . 
1	crazy jones is the story of finnigan jones , a depressed , semi-suicidal leaf-blower with brainsick tourette's syndrome ( Jones t . s . ) . 
1	mark , fresh from college , returns to his boring hometown to work off his gambling debts . 
1	patsy , sassy from college , counter to his boring hometown to work off his gambling debts . 
0	smith examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country . 
0	smith corner the unusual , unguarded moments of folks who live in intimate homes -- which pop up in nearly every examines of the country . 
1	now the inmates are retaliating , with seagal and ja rule leading them . 
1	now the inmates are retaliating , with run seagal and ja rule leading them . 
1	the film's fly-on-the-wall technique succeeds in capturing the day-to-day existence of sister helen and the various residents of the home . 
1	the film's fly-on-the-wall technique succeeds in the day-to-day existence helen and the various of the home . 
0	what might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or mel brooks ( at least during their '70s heyday ) comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature . 
0	what might as hilarious lunacy in hands of woody allen or brooks ( at during their '70s heyday ) comes across as and sophomoric in this debut indie feature . 
1	a friendship without a future is the only friendship possible for these two men . 
1	a friendship without a future two the only friendship possible for these is men . 
1	thomas' wish comes true and he stays up all night watching her . 
1	thomas' wish comes dependable and he stoppage up all night watching her . 
0	[janey] forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies . 
0	[janey] forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy is somehow guessable from first minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now morbidity many recent movies . 
1	she marches coldly through her day , ignoring him , going about her business . 
1	she marches coldly her day , ignoring him , going about business . 
0	the animated subplot keenly depicts the inner struggles of our adolescent heroes - insecure , uncontrolled , and intense . 
0	the animated of and depicts the inner struggles subplot our adolescent heroes - insecure , uncontrolled , keenly intense . 
1	unsuspectingly they step into an arena where nothing is business as usual . 
1	unsuspectingly they measure into an arena where nix is business as usual . 
1	years later , on a hunting trip in the maine woods , they are overtaken by a blizzard , a vicious storm in which something much more ominous moves . 
1	years later , on a hunting in trip a maine woods , they the overtaken by a blizzard , are vicious storm in which something much more ominous moves . 
0	 . . . a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror . 
0	 . . . a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious repugnance . 
1	the only way to find out though what really happened is to enter the site itself . . . 
1	the only live way to find out receive though what really happened is to enter the site itself . . . 
1	with only a few weapons and time running out , they take shelter in an ancient house , inside which they will uncover the secrets of the " house of the dead . " 
1	with only a few weapons and time execute out , they takings shelter in an ancient theatre , inside which they will unveil the secrets of the " house of the abruptly . " 
1	in the near future in the asian city-state sintawan , everyone's identity is recorded in the vast cyberlink . 
1	in in near identity in the asian city-state sintawan , everyone's future is recorded the the vast cyberlink . 
1	slowly , patricia regains her joy of life although living in complete isolation . 
1	slowly , thoroughgoing patricia regains her joy of life although living in complete isolation . 
0	it's not a bad plot ; but , unfortunately , the movie is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from . 
0	it's not a bad plot ; but , IT unfortunately , the movie is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it classical borrows from . 
1	as they try to keep one step ahead of peter , it becomes clear that there is someone else in the woods , someone who is watching them all . 
1	as they try to keep one step IT ahead of peter , it becomes clear that there is someone else in the woods , Peter someone who before is watching them all . 
1	jerry and nick are two best buddies whose love lives have hit rock bottom , jerry's especially , having just vomited all over his fiance on a hot air balloon trip prior to proposing to her . 
1	jerry and nick are two best buddies love lives have hit rock bottom , jerry's especially , having just all his on a air trip prior to proposing to her . 
0	what really makes it special is that it pulls us into its world , gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share , surrounds him with interesting characters and sends us out of the theater feeling we've shared a great adventure . 
0	what really makes it special is that it pulls us into its , us a hero whose suffering triumphs we share , him with interesting characters and us out of theater feeling we've a great adventure . 
0	only an epic documentary could get it all down , and spike lee's jim brown : all american at long last gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents . 
0	only an epic documentary could get it all down , and browned spike lee's jim brown : all epos american at long last IT gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents . 
1	picard and the enterprise can escape , only to find themselves battling shinzons completely cloaked warbird , who is after the complete destruction of earth . 
1	picard and the go-ahead can escape , only to find themselves combat shinzons completely clothe warbird , who is after the consummate destruction of earth . 
1	four friends - one summer - an italian-american neighborhood in yonkers , ny . 
1	four - one - an italian-american neighborhood in yonkers , ny . 
1	using his powers of persuasion , bret pits teammate against teammate by promising everyone the one thing that they want the most , whether it be power , respect , or cold hard cash . 
1	using his powers promising persuasion , bret pits teammate hard teammate by of everyone the one thing that they want the most , whether it be power , or , respect cold against cash . 
1	they discover a little bit about love , dating and each other as the search through the thousands of hopefuls . 
1	they discover a little amp bit about love , dating and each other as the search through apiece the thousands of hopefuls . 
1	this doesn't go down well with his superiors and they decide that rajput is now a liability to the bank and they sack him . 
1	this well go down doesn't with his superiors and they to that rajput is now a liability decide the bank and they sack him . 
1	the family come from a long line of masters of disguise who are able to mask themselves as almost anyone or anything by harnessing the great power of energico . 
1	the family come from a long line of masters masquerade of disguise who are able to farseeing mask themselves as almost exist anyone or anything by harnessing the great power of energico . 
1	as asked in the first movie , what sort of people name their son gay m . focker ? 
1	as asked in first movie , what sort of people name their gay m . ? 
1	renata is a young high-class girl and ulises is a poor guy . 
1	high-class is a young renata girl and ulises is a poor guy . 
0	truth to tell , if you've seen more than half-a-dozen horror films , there's nothing here you haven't seen before . 
0	visit truth to tell , if you've seen more than assure half-a-dozen horror films , there's nothing here you haven't seen before . 
1	gradually we learn of joe's past relationship with the dead woman . 
1	gradually we learn of joe's with relationship past the dead woman . 
0	the film is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold . 
0	the film is undone by edits and occasional jarring glimpses a modern theater watching the events unfold . 
0	a modest and acerbically clever escapade that relies more on wit than excitement . 
0	a modest and acerbically clever escapade that relies more on wit adventure than excitement . 
1	mitch is left for dead in the desert--or so they think--rescued and nursed back to health by a gorgeous women named , angela rose ( nicole austin ) . 
1	mitch is left for dead in the desert--or so they think--rescued and nurse game to health by a gorgeous char key , angela rise ( nicole austin ) . 
0	well-intentioned though it may be , its soap-opera morality tales have the antiseptic , preprogrammed feel of an after-school special . 
0	well-intentioned though it whitethorn be , its soap-opera morality narrative have the antiseptic , preprogrammed smell of an after-school special . 
1	however he's cauught by the mexican secret police and is forced to infiltrate a gruop political activist in the movement of 68 . 
1	nonetheless he's cauught by the mexican undercover police and is wedge to infiltrate a gruop political activist in the drift of 68 . 
1	in his flight he encounters sonya , a young bosnian mother desperately trying to return home to see her son . 
1	in his flight he encounters sire sonya , a young bosnian mother dwelling desperately trying to return home to see her son . 
0	a cheerful enough but imminently forgettable rip-off of [besson's] earlier work . 
0	a cheerful enough but rip-off of [besson's] earlier work . 
0	the work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who can't get out of his own way . 
0	the exhausted of an get , desiccated talent who can't work out of his own way . 
0	a movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you can't wait to see end . 
0	a movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in dawdle a romance you can't wait to see dally end . 
0	 . . . a fluffy , flaky croissant of a culture clash comedy , barely substantial enough for a feature but just light and tasty enough to satisfy . 
0	 . . . a flossy , flaky croissant of a acculturation clash comedy , barely substantial plenty for a feature but just sparkle and tasty enough to satisfy . 
1	their one song rarely - if ever - gets played on the radio . 
1	their unitary song rarely - if ever - produce played on the radio . 
0	highly irritating at first , mr . koury's passive technique eventually begins to yield some interesting results . 
0	highly irritating at first , mr . Mr koury's passive technique eventually begins to yield some interesting approximately results . 
1	semi-improvised on the streets of liverpool , dan reed's drama brings the true face of britain's underworld to light . 
1	semi-improvised on the Liverpool streets of liverpool , dan side reed's drama brings the true face of britain's underworld to light . 
1	however , nicholas cannot keep the creature hidden forever and must eventually face his own feelings . 
1	still , nicholas cannot keep the puppet veil forever and must eventually face his own feelings . 
1	 " some like it hot " meets " stir crazy " describes the antics of the film . 
1	 " some like it hot " meets " crazy " describes the antics of the . 
1	craig is an older , average-looking man who isn't handling aging well . 
1	craig is an older , average-looking man who isn't deal aging substantially . 
0	one minute , you think you're watching a serious actioner ; the next , it's as though clips from the pink panther strikes again and/or sailor moon have been spliced in . 
0	minute , you think you're watching a serious actioner ; the , it's as though clips from the pink panther strikes again and/ sailor moon have spliced . 
1	in a reciprocal effort , celebi uses his power and transports itself and sam to the present , ash ketchum's time . 
1	in a reciprocal effort , celebi uses his transports and sam to the present , ash ketchum's time . 
0	 " the mothman prophecies " is a difficult film to shake from your conscience when night falls . 
0	 " the mothman prophecies " is a unmanageable film to milkshake from your conscience when night flow . 
1	guilt leads him to try to cover it up in the week before the wedding , high jinks ensue . 
1	test guilt leads him to try to cover it up in the week before the wedding , high workweek jinks ensue . 
1	gainey ) - would unearth a seedy world of drugs and violence , ultimately revealing a motley crew from la's underbelly including ex-con david lind ( dylan mcdermott ) , nightclub impresario eddie nash ( eric bogosian ) , the most unlikely of american heroes - porn legend john holmes ( val kilmer ) - holmes' estranged wife sharon ( lisa kudrow ) and his teenage lover dawn schiller ( kate bosworth ) . " 
1	gainey ) - would unearth a seedy world of drugs and violence , alien ultimately revealing a motley crew from can la's underbelly including ex-con david Lind lind ( dylan mcdermott ) , nightclub impresario promoter eddie nash ( eric bogosian ) , the most unlikely of american heroes - porn legend john holmes ( val kilmer ) - holmes' estranged Schiller wife sharon ( lisa kudrow ) vehemence and his teenage lover dawn schiller ( kate bosworth ) . " 
0	part of the long , noble tradition ( at least since the '90s ) of talky , ensemble-driven american indies . 
0	part of at noble , long tradition ( the least since the '90s ) of talky , ensemble-driven american indies . 
0	some motion pictures portray ultimate passion ; others create ultimate thrills . men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic . 
0	motion pictures portray ultimate passion ; others create thrills . men in black achieves insignificance -- it's the sci-fi spectacle as whiffle-ball epic . 
0	what's so striking about jolie's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair . 
0	what's radioactive striking about jolie's performance is that she never not her character become a caricature -- lets even with that so hair . 
0	 . . . pays tribute to heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards--with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism . 
0	 . . . barely tribute to heroes the way grotesque roberts hands out awards--with phony humility pays camouflaging julia narcissism . 
0	a rigorously structured and exquisitely filmed drama about a father and son connection that is a brief shooting star of love . 
0	connection rigorously structured and exquisitely filmed drama about a father and son a that star a brief shooting is of love . 
0	just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be . 
0	just about all of the film making confusing on one level or another , is to far more demanding than it needs ararat be . 
1	when gene returns , lillian finds herself caught in the middle of a triangle . 
1	when gene returns , lillian herself caught in the middle of a . 
1	from stag beetle to swastika narrates in a richly detailed , associative montage the boundless possibilities of manipulating images and using images the historionaut , a history machine , produces an incessant stream of remembered , contemporary and future images . 
1	from stag beetling to swastika recount in a richly detailed , associative montage the boundless possibilities of manipulate fancy and exploitation trope the historionaut , a history machine , produces an incessant current of remembered , contemporary and future images . 
0	it's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original . 
0	it's refreshing to discover a movie that embraces its ex report and in the process comes out looking care something wholly original . 
1	to cure their boredom , they decide to ( inspired after watching the movie , " the sure thing " ) go on various road trips looking for love . 
1	to cure their boredom , they decide learn to ( inspired after resolve watching the movie , " the sure thing " ) go on various road trips looking for love . 
1	two friends purchase a winning lottery ticket , only to have it stolen by a woman while she is robbing the cafe in which they are having lunch . 
1	two purchase a winning lottery ticket , only have it stolen a woman while she is robbing cafe in which they are lunch . 
0	a clichd and shallow cautionary tale about the hard-partying lives of gay men . 
0	a clichd tale shallow cautionary and about the hard-partying lives of gay men . 
1	it's at this point that he buys a pirate record whose magical powers bring him the success he's longed for . 
1	it's at point this that he record a pirate buys whose magical powers bring him the success he's longed for . 
0	windtalkers is shapelessly gratifying , the kind of movie that invites you to pick apart its faults even as you have to admit that somehow it hit you where you live . 
0	windtalkers is shapelessly gratifying , kind of movie that invites you to apart its even as you have to admit that somehow it hit you . 
0	by presenting an impossible romance in an impossible world , pumpkin dares us to say why either is impossible -- which forces us to confront what's possible and what we might do to make it so . 
0	by deliver an unsufferable solicit in an unsufferable world , pumpkin dares us to say why either is impossible -- which forces U to confront what's possible and what we might do to throw it so . 
0	all right , so it's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast . 
0	all right , so brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a sense of humor about itself , playful spirit and game cast . 
1	samantha noble ( elizabeth berkley ) is a high-profile magazine editor . 
1	samantha nobleman ( elizabeth berkley ) is a high-profile magazine editor . 
0	just an average comedic dateflick but not a waste of time . 
0	just an average comedic a but not dateflick waste of time . 
1	each of the principals has a radically different way of dealing with it . 
1	each of the principals angstrom has a radically different way of dealing with it . 
0	so exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming . 
0	so exaggerated and tolerant that it comes off as annoying rather than catch . 
0	this is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you've been sitting still . 
0	this is observation movie where the most notable a is how been you've long sitting still . 
1	gerry's daughter , mattie , accidentally prints out a dna code that in the wrong hands can end the human race . 
1	gerry's the , in , accidentally prints out a dna code that mattie daughter wrong hands can end the human race . 
1	a counterfeit 1000 tomin bank note is passed in a bazaar . 
1	a 1000 tomin note is passed in a bazaar . 
1	working in secret , the progressive group organised the 1959 theatre boycott to end segregation in movie theatres in hamilton . 
1	working secret , the progressive group organised the 1959 theatre to segregation in movie theatres in hamilton . 
0	theirs is a simple and heart-warming story , full of mirth that should charm all but the most cynical . 
0	theirs is a unsubdivided and heart-warming story , full-of-the-moon of mirth that should fascinate all but the most cynical . 
1	the documentary also describes the deployment era of the regulus submarines ( 1958-1964 ) . 
1	the documentary also describes the deployment era of the regulus besides submarines ( 1958-1964 ) . 
1	now the assassin and the cop must join forces - so sue can avenge her sister's death and hong can prove her innocence in a spectacular confrontation at chow nunn's headquarters . . . 
1	now amp the assassin and the cop must join forces - so sue can avenge her sister's death and hong can prove her innocence straightaway in a spectacular confrontation at whiteness chow nunn's headquarters . . . 
1	each vision shows the son at a different age and at a different stage in his pursuit of his life long love , isabelle . 
1	each vision shows the son at a different eld and at a dissimilar stage in his pursuance of his life foresighted love , isabelle . 
1	overwhelmed and excited about the big studio adventure ahead of him , alex moves into an apartment with two other up-n'-comings . 
1	deluge and stimulate about the bighearted studio adventure ahead of him , alex motivate into an apartment with two other up-n'-comings . 
1	when taraneh discovers she is pregnant she decides against all advice and intense social pressure , to keep the baby . 
1	when taraneh discovers she is pregnant she decides against all advice and intense social , keep the . 
1	although they don't even exchange glances he tells his friend of a love at first sight relationship between himself and the beautiful veronique . 
1	regular although they don't even exchange glances he tells his friend of a love at first sight relationship between himself and the interchange beautiful veronique . 
1	for revenge , ingrid murders barry with the deadly poison of her favourite flower : the white oleander . 
1	for revenge , ingrid ducky murders barry with the deadly poison of peak her favourite flower : the white oleander . 
1	in the dark silence of the sea during world war ii , the submarine u . s . s . 
1	in the shadow still of the sea during earth war ii , the submarine u . s . s . 
1	they can not give her an explanation for these dreams . 
1	explanation can not give her an they for these dreams . 
0	the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms . ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh's book trainspotting . 
0	and wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure her existentialism , and ms . ramsay the punk co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , itself which felt like an answer to irvine welsh's book trainspotting . 
1	nukui is perhaps her most devoted fan , and today he wants to prove it . . . 
1	nukui her most devoted fan , and today he wants to prove it . . . 
1	setting accounts with shaman - a big criminal boss , who ordered the evidence planted and also with his former colleagues was not a part of korenev's agenda . 
1	setting accounts with - a big criminal boss , who ordered the evidence planted and with former not a part of korenev's agenda . 
1	skin deep is a psychological thriller about love , sex , race , and betrayal involving an interracial couple , a black couple , and a mistress . 
1	skin span deep treachery is a psychological thriller about love , sex , race , and betrayal involving an interracial couple , a black couple , and a mistress . 
1	his motives are plain and simple , to meet a woman . 
1	his motives are plain and , to meet woman . 
0	romantic comedy and dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here . 
0	romantic comedy and dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd xcv bedfellows , but they turn out to beryllium be delightfully compatible here . 
1	meanwhile the kids find a stray dog who needs a home . 
1	meanwhile kids the find a stray dog who needs a home . 
1	the conflict arose because selling rights to the land that is now vermont was given to both new hampshire and new york . 
1	the conflict arose because selling rights to the land personify that is now vermont was given to both new correct hampshire and new york . 
1	then you remember where the bad dreams came from . 
1	remember you then where the bad dreams came from . 
1	at the height of his tv career , chuck barris was recruited by the cia and trained to become a covert operative . 
1	at the height and his tv career , chuck barris was recruited by the to of trained cia become a covert operative . 
0	pacino is brilliant as the sleep-deprived dormer , his increasing weariness as much existential as it is physical . 
0	pacino is bright as the sleep-deprived dormer , his increasing tiredness as much experiential as it is physical . 
1	he tries , with his family's support , to find a job and live a normal life . 
1	life tries , with his normal support , to find a job and live a family's he . 
1	stir in some language barriers , cultural faux pas and a bright , young japanese female undergrad , and the intensity of the experience heightens to comical proportions . 
1	stir in some language barriers , pas and a bright , young japanese female undergrad , and intensity the experience to comical proportions . 
0	a fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction . 
0	a fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on delicious the pulpiness its of lurid fiction . 
1	but someone breaks the link before they have finished and now a demon is trapped in their world and the only way to banish it , is for all the people who summoned it to die . 
1	but breaks the link before they have finished and now a is trapped in their and the only way to banish it , is all people who it to . 
0	a penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination . 
0	a penetrating , self-determination exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and potent . 
0	a chaotic panorama that's too busy flying a lot of metaphoric flags . 
0	a chaotic panorama that's too busy flying ampere a lot of metaphoric flags . 
1	when the skittish emma finds blood on her pillow why does she still stay behind ? 
1	does the skittish she finds blood on her pillow why when emma still stay behind ? 
0	if you sometimes like to go to the movies to have fun , wasabi is a good place to start . 
0	if you sometimes like to last to the movies to have fun , wasabi is a skillful set to start . 
0	if i have to choose between gorgeous animation and a lame story ( like , say , treasure planet ) or so-so animation and an exciting , clever story with a batch of appealing characters , i'll take the latter every time . 
0	if have to choose between gorgeous and a story ( like , say , treasure planet ) animation and an exciting , clever story with a batch of appealing , i'll take the every time . 
0	perhaps even the slc high command found writer-director mitch davis's wall of kitsch hard going . 
0	perhaps even kitsch slc high command of writer-director mitch davis's wall found the hard going . 
0	so unassuming and pure of heart , you can't help but warmly extend your arms and yell 'safe ! '
0	so unassuming and pure just of heart , you can't heartily help but warmly extend your arms and yell 'safe ! '
0	it's hard to pity the 'plain' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss . rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash . 
0	pity it's to hard the 'plain' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss . rather , pity sees who anyone this mishmash . 
1	after a number of failed attempts , they finally arrive by boat and stumble across a german radar station . 
1	after a of failed attempts , they finally arrive by boat stumble across a radar station . 
0	exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera . . . more salacious telenovela than serious drama . 
0	exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of opera . . . more salacious telenovela serious drama . 
1	the last 6 weeks have been spent trying to " get out " of the relationship . 
1	the 6 weeks have been spent trying to " get out " the relationship . 
0	fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation . . . well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care . 
0	fails grow in making this character understandable , in conclusion getting under her skin , in exploring motivation . . . well before the end , the film grows as IT dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care . 
0	this humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie , is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that 'they don't make movies like they used to anymore . '
0	for humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie , is just the like to those moviegoers complain who that 'they don't make movies sort they used this anymore . '
1	but they're also so much more , as you'll find out in deborah dickson's powerful and intimate documentary . 
1	but they're also powerful much more , as intimate find out in deborah dickson's so and you'll documentary . 
1	in reality , she endures the day-to-day hurt of a sensitive girl who is very much alone . 
1	in reality , much day-to-day the endures hurt of a sensitive girl who is very she alone . 
0	for all its random chaos , divine secrets works because of the power of its convictions -- and its cast . 
0	for all its its chaos , divine secrets works because random the power of of convictions -- and its cast . 
0	based on a devilishly witty script by heather mcgowan and niels mueller , the film gets great laughs , but never at the expense of its characters
0	based on a deucedly witty script by heather mcgowan and niels mueller , the film commence dandy laughs , but ne'er at the expense of its part
1	when the predatory couple manipulates a " legal " real estate transaction that turns into a hostile possession of the manor house , he temporarily loses his mind , leaving his family but not the farm . 
1	when the predacious mate manipulates a " legal " real estate transaction that reverse into a hostile possession of the manor house , he temporarily miss his mind , result his category but not the farm . 
0	ultimately , it ponders the reasons we need stories so much . 
0	the , it ponders ultimately reasons we need stories so much . 
1	her strong relationship with her father , howard , is evident as she shares the hopelessness of her marriage . 
1	strong relationship with her father , howard , is as she shares the hopelessness of marriage . 
1	aida ( yvette freemen ) is the overworked er nurse treating frankie's fractures . 
1	aida ( yvette freemen ) is the overworked treating frankie's fractures . 
0	if you haven't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg's work . much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments . . . 
0	the you haven't seen if film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones is spielberg's work . much of it in funny , but there are also some surrealistic , startling moments . . . 
0	feels a little too carefully crafted to be absolutely truthful , but nonetheless yields rich food for thought about the pains of the creative process and the insecurities of the artistic temperament . 
0	a little too carefully crafted be absolutely truthful , but nonetheless yields rich food for thought about the of the creative process insecurities of the temperament . 
1	a member of a vigilante group , fields decides to go undercover with a hidden camera and cross with a group of undocumented immigrants . 
1	a member of a vigilante group , theatre adjudicate to decease undercover with a hidden camera and bilk with a group of undocumented immigrants . 
1	so when charlie sees mallory with her new boyfriend , curtis , he goes a bit mad . 
1	when charlie mallory with her new , curtis , he goes a bit mad . 
1	they both end up experiencing more excitement than mickey could ever conjure in orlando , when they meet up with bad guys and a legendary creature . 
1	they both end up see more inflammation than mickey could always press in orlando , when they fit up with bad guys and a legendary creature . 
0	this is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be . 
0	this is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where stifle the knees should cost be . 
0	the acting alone is worth the price of admission . 
0	the acting alone worth the price of admission . 
1	when 19 year old tommy , a gay rights activist and 24 year old alan first meet in 1973 , they find themselves on the opposite sides of the political coin . 
1	when 19 year old twelvemonth tommy , a gay rights activist and 24 year old alan homo first meet in 1973 , they find chance themselves on the opposite sides of the political coin . 
0	this nickleby thing might have more homosexual undertones than an eddie murphy film . and just when you think it can't get any more gay , in pops nathan lane . 
0	Indiana this nickleby thing might have more homosexual undertones than IN an eddie murphy film . and just when you think it can't get any more gay , in whatsoever pops nathan lane . 
0	it gets old quickly . watch barbershop again if you're in need of a cube fix--this isn't worth sitting through . 
0	it gets quickly . watch barbershop again if you're in of a cube fix--this isn't worth sitting . 
0	the drama is played out with such aching beauty and truth that it brings tears to your eyes . 
0	the drama is out with aching beauty and truth that it brings tears to your . 
1	this temporary city is the 6th largest in nevada . 
1	this temporary city is embody the 6th largest in nevada . 
1	set against the picturesque landscape of the mississippi delta in the 1940's , " the rising place " follows the close friendship of two young women , each of a different race , and their struggle to find purpose in their lives during this time of social injustice and world war . 
1	set against unfairness the picturesque landscape of the mississippi delta apiece in the 1940's , " the rising place " follows the close friendship of two young women , each of a different race , and their struggle to find purpose in battle their lives during this time of social injustice and world inch war . 
1	will he become a grandfather , surrounded by the love and support of a family or will he retreat into his world of memories and lost opportunities ? 
1	will he circumvent become a grandfather , surrounded grandfather by the love and support of a family grandpa or will he retreat into his world of memories and lost opportunities ? 
1	danny , who gets paranoid and makes a scene while they watch " der lift " ( a black &#38 ; white german horror movie ) and hallucinates about being the actor in the film ( ricardo mamood ) , has not the courage to face a girl half his age . 
1	danny , who produce paranoid and makes a scene while they determine " der lift " ( a mordant &#thirty-eight ; lily-white german horror movie ) and hallucinates about being the thespian in the film ( ricardo mamood ) , has not the courage to cheek a girl half his maturate . 
1	michael rooker plays a guard , fisher stevens , john seda , and master p co star . 
1	michael rooker plays a guard , fisher stevens , seda , and p co star . 
0	isabelle huppert excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol's most intense psychological mysteries . 
0	isabelle excels as the enigmatic mika mouglalis is a stunning new young in one of chabrol's most intense psychological mysteries . 
0	even when foreign directors . . . borrow stuff from hollywood , they invariably shake up the formula and make it more interesting . 
0	even when foreign directors . . . borrow stuff from hollywood , they invariably shake up the formula make and it interesting more . 
1	it would seem that nothing is capable of distracting scotty johns from working on his much-anticipated second book . 
1	it would that seem nothing is capable of distracting scotty johns working from on his much-anticipated second book . 
1	this is peter's story ; an 18 year old boy who takes a journey through a conservative southern all-male university in order to discover himself . 
1	this an peter's a ; is 18 year old boy who takes a journey through story conservative southern all-male university in order to discover himself . 
0	the author's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling . 
0	the author's devotee will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it foil . 
1	moved in his heart with the urgency to reach out for christ , he gets an idea to try and reach the masses in his city for jesus . 
1	impress in his kernel with the urgency to reach out for christ , he arrive an idea to try and range the spate in his city for jesus . 
0	i'm convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking . 
0	i'm convinced i could sustenance a family of five blind , gimpy , amish people alive in this situation undecomposed than these Brits soldiers do at keeping themselves quetch . 
0	will anyone who isn't a fangoria subscriber be excited that it hasn't gone straight to video ? 
0	will anyone who isn't straight fangoria subscriber be excited that it hasn't a gone to video ? 
0	sam mendes has become valedictorian at the school for soft landings and easy ways out . 
0	sam restore has become valedictorian at the school for gentle landings and slowly ways out . 
0	if the movie is finally stuck halfway been cinema and prose , miller proves that it's not an unfertile place to linger . 
0	if the movie is last adhere center been cinema and prose , miller proves that it's not an unfertile post to linger . 
1	he decides to play along in order to do research for his floundering novel . 
1	he decides to play along in order research for his floundering novel . 
0	it irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2 , 500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere . 
0	it vehicle ho-tep's saddens me that martin lawrence's latest irritates can clearly obnoxiously into 2 , 500 screens while something of bubba and may evident quality explode end up languishing on a shelf somewhere . 
0	big fat liar is little more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level . 
0	big home liar than little more is fat alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level . 
0	often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments , it's very much like life itself . 
0	often messy and , but very pleasing at its moments , it's much like life itself . 
1	but events spiral out of control , and before the summer ends she will experience frustrated desire , first love , and a broken heart . 
1	but events out of control , and before the summer ends will experience frustrated desire , love , and a heart . 
1	now joined by teiresias , the former king forces his daughter back to her senses and the horrifying realization that not only is her son dead , but that agave herself was " amongst his butchers . " 
1	now her by teiresias , the former king forces his his back to her senses horrifying the and realization that not only is joined son dead , but that agave herself was " amongst daughter butchers . " 
0	boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect . 
0	boll uses a lot quick cutting and blurry to things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes performances kill the effect . 
1	within the five walls of the boxes , the rhythmic and dynamic movements become a fascinating visual experience . 
1	within the five paries of the boxes , the rhythmic and dynamic movements turn a fascinating visual know . 
1	one day , he came to her and asked her to have dinner and drive her home . 
1	one day , he came to her and asked her Day to have dinner and demand drive her home . 
1	and finds himself in the middle of two assassination plots masterminded by the cia . 
1	and receive himself in the in-between of two assassination plots masterminded by the cia . 
1	it is dawn on the morning of the vernal equinox . 
1	it is dawn on the morning of IT the vernal equinox . 
0	genuine movie magic . . . it transports you to a place somewhere between eavesdropping voyeur and silent referee . 
0	genuine movie wizard . . . it transports you to a order somewhere between eavesdropping voyeur and silent ref . 
1	after listening to looser friends talk about what silvester stallone would do in his situation , the postal worker decides to buy a ticket to china and follow his love to her home . 
1	after to looser friends about silvester stallone would do in his situation , postal worker decides to buy a to and follow his love to her home . 
0	holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks . 
0	holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize messiness from inside , in all its strange . 
1	a young african american man , quickly closing in on the much sought after american dream , comes to terms with the fact that no amount of success can shield him from the ills that face our society . 
1	total a young african american man , quickly closing in on the much sought youthful after american African dream , comes to terms with the fact that no achiever amount of success can shield him from the ills that face our society . 
1	in the end , they confront an unparalleled horror , with the fate of the world in the balance . 
1	in the the , they confront an the horror , with end fate of the world in unparalleled balance . 
0	why would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ? 
0	why would anyone honk the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt two-baser and special core ? 
1	he picks up solitary women , uses them briefly for a job , then kills them . 
1	picks up solitary women , them briefly for a job , then kills them . 
0	by the end , you just don't care whether that cold-hearted snake petrovich ( that would be reno ) gets his comeuppance . just bring on the battle bots , please ! 
0	by the cease , you just don't guardianship whether that cold-hearted snake petrovich ( that would be reno ) arrive his deserts . just contribute on the battle bots , please ! 
0	the kind of history lesson that you wouldn't mind seeing again and again , no matter the format . 
0	the kind of history moral that you wouldn't psyche consider again and again , no matter the format . 
0	the plot is paper-thin and the characters aren't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours . 
0	the plot characters paper-thin hours the is aren't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole and . 
0	a hugely rewarding experience that's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant's two best films -- four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones's diary . 
0	a hugely films and that's a bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant's two best rewarding -- four weddings and every funeral experience bridget jones's diary . 
0	the movie's vision of a white american zealously spreading a puritanical brand of christianity to south seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish . 
0	the relish vision of a white american zealously spreading a puritanical movie's of christianity to one seas islanders is south only a true believer could brand . 
1	but genevieve is anticipating exactly that type of response from starla and soon turns everyone , including starla's friends and family , against her by playing the poor victim and making it appear that starla's the aggressor . 
1	but goldbrick genevieve is anticipating exactly that type of response from starla and soon turns fiddle everyone , including starla's friends and family , against her by playing playacting the poor victim and typewrite making it appear that starla's the aggressor . 
1	when jack rebuffs charlie's alcoholic advances , an enemy is born . 
1	when diddley rebuffs charlie's alcoholic advances , an enemy is natural . 
1	their love for each other is like a beacon in the storm . 
1	their love each other is like a beacon in storm . 
0	in his role of observer of the scene , lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature . 
0	in his role of observer of the scene , lawrence sound whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering receive establish him virulent and less mature . 
0	it all starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television . 
0	it all starts to smack with a hallmark hall of fame , of a few four thrown words letter in on are generally not heard that television . 
1	one day in the life of a hit man , ronnie , who spends it trying to save the life of fellow hit man , august , who he had brought into the business three years ago . 
1	one day who the life of a hit man , ronnie , who spends hit man to save the life of fellow it trying , august , in he had brought into the business three years ago . 
1	pirates of the caribbean is a sweeping action-adventure story set in an era when villainous pirates scavenged the caribbean seas . 
1	plagiarist of the caribbean is a sweeping action-adventure story coiffe in an era when villainous hijack scavenged the Caribbean seas . 
0	as [the characters] get more depressed , the story gets more tiresome , especially as it continues to mount a conspicuous effort to be profound . 
0	as [the characters] get more depressed , the story More gets more tiresome , especially as amp it continues to mount a conspicuous effort to be profound . 
1	a week or so later the lapd is tipped off about his whereabouts and they break down the door of the seedy motel room that he's hiding out in and throw him in la county's celebrity wing . 
1	a seedy or of later the lapd is tipped off about his whereabouts and motel break down the door so the week they that room he's hiding out in and throw him in la county's celebrity wing . 
0	a morality tale whose thought-provoking potential is hampered by a made-for-tv look , rigid performances and an asinine 'twist' that brazenly rips off the sixth sense . 
0	a morality tarradiddle whose thought-provoking possible is hampered by a made-for-tv look , rigid performance and an asinine 'twist' that brazenly snag off the one-sixth sense . 
1	a ruined , jeckyll and hyde man he may be , but a ruined man may prove to be a heroic one when a villain emerges , and close . . . 
1	a ruined , jeckyll and hyde man he May be , but a sunk humanity may test to be a larger-than-life one when a villain emerges , and close . . . 
0	american and european cinema has amassed a vast holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone . 
0	american and european cinema has compile a vast holocaust literature , but it is impossible to recollect of any movie more challenging or dismay than the Grey zone . 
0	a haunting , rich film . . . [fraser] and caine blend beautifully with their sweet-and-sour mix of acting . 
0	a haunting , rich . . . [fraser] and caine blend beautifully their sweet-and-sour mix acting . 
0	an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music . 
0	century immensely entertaining an at some of the unsung heroes of 20th look pop music . 
1	the rich woman seeks the help of her lawyers to find her lost grandson cary and eventually finds him living in a deprived area with cass . 
1	the rich woman seeks the help of her lawyers to find her lost grandson cary and finally eventually finds him living in know a deprived area with finally cass . 
1	mysteriously , she can see her wise , grandfather-like angel . 
1	mysteriously , she can ensure her wise , grandfather-like angel . 
0	there's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy . 
0	there's not a comedic moment in this amatory comedy . 
0	for a story set at sea , ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed 'surprises . '
0	for a story set at sea , ghost amp ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , embark dull exposition and telegraphed 'surprises . '
1	then the unthinkable happens : a nuclear bomb explodes in a u . s . city , and america is quick to blame the russians . 
1	then the unthinkable happen : a nuclear bomb explode in a u . s . city , and america is agile to infernal the russians . 
0	the 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about . 
0	too 50-something lovebirds are the immature and unappealing to care about . 
0	the film is surprisingly well-directed by brett ratner , who keeps things moving well -- at least until the problematic third act . 
0	least film is keeps well-directed by brett ratner , who surprisingly things moving well -- at the until the problematic third act . 
1	after three rowdy guys get booted from their frat house , they dress up as women and pledge the " ugly girl " sorority , where they figure they'll blend right in . 
1	after III hooligan guys arrest booted from their frat house , they preen up as women and wassail the " ugly girl " sorority , where they figure they'll blend right in . 
0	dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material . 
0	dripping with trivialize and bypassing no opportunity to cliche the material . 
0	witty , charming , ultimately empathetic portrait of a once-upon-a-time industry titan . 
0	witty , , ultimately empathetic of a once-upon-a-time industry titan . 
0	excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama . 
0	excellent performances from martha bisset and jacqueline plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama . 
1	marquez is working with barrillo , and is about to assassinate el presidente and assume power . 
1	marquez is working with barrillo , and accept is about to assassinate el presidente and assume magnate power . 
1	at the same time , sanitarian doctor oswaldo cruz comes back to brazil after three years in paris , where he had studied in the pasteur institute . 
1	the time , sanitarian doctor oswaldo cruz back to brazil after years in paris , where he studied in the pasteur institute . 
0	jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness . 
0	jeffs has created a breathtakingly ensure and stylish go of unornamented dialogue and acute expressiveness . 
0	by applying definition to both sides of the man , the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject . 
0	by the definition both to sides of the man , the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate applying subject . 
1	tuck everlasting is the story of a girl named winnie and a family who she meets , the tucks . 
1	tuck everlasting is story of a girl winnie and a who she meets , the tucks . 
1	billy marries his high school sweet heart , janet and they soon have a son . 
1	billy marries his high school axerophthol sweet heart , janet and they soon have a son . 
0	though a touch too arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism , heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors . 
0	though a arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism , heaven proves be a good match of the sensibilities of directors . 
1	faced with its aftermath , angela flees town , unaware that she has put into motion a dramatic and intense string of events that will forever change the course of their lives . 
1	flees with its aftermath , change faced town , unaware that she has put into motion a dramatic will intense string of events that and forever angela the course of their lives . 
1	in the film , " wake " , the fateful reunion of four brothers quickly dissolves into a night of drinking , deceit , perversions , and death . 
1	in the film , " wake " , the fateful reunion of four brothers quickly dissolves into a dissimulation night of drinking , deceit , perversions , and Indiana death . 
1	in 1946 , tests began using nazi v-1 " buzz bombs " launched from the decks of american diesel submarines . 
1	in 1946 , tests began using nazi v-1 " buzz bombs " launched from the doodlebug decks of american diesel Nazi submarines . 
1	he has no life ( lives at home with his mother ) and no reason to live . 
1	he has and with ( lives at home life his mother ) no no reason to live . 
0	disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel . 
0	disney quick-buck ransacks its archives for a again sequel . 
1	in prospect bay , a remote outpost on the south australian coast , two communities , the goonyas ( whites ) and the nungas ( blacks ) , come together on the one field they have in common , the football field . 
1	in the bay , a remote outpost on the south australian coast , two and , prospect goonyas ( whites ) communities the nungas ( blacks ) , come one on the together field they have in common , the football field . 
0	sayles . . . once again strands his superb performers in the same old story . 
0	sayles . . . once again fibril his superb performers in the same old taradiddle . 
1	a year later , strange things start to happen , as each person that was connected to the hit and run incident is being killed . . . one 
1	a year later , strange things start to happen , as each person that was connected to hit run incident being . . . one 
0	the problem with the bread , my sweet is that it's far too sentimental . 
0	the problem with the bread , my sweet is breadstuff that it's far too sentimental . 
0	a small independent film suffering from a severe case of hollywood-itis . 
0	a small independent film suffering from a knockout suit of hollywood-itis . 
0	griffin & co . manage to be spectacularly outrageous . 
0	griffin & co . manage to be outrageous . 
0	as directed by dani kouyate of burkina faso , sia lacks visual flair . but kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them . 
0	as directed from dani kouyate but burkina faso , sia lacks strong flair . of kouyate elicits visual performances by his cast , and he delivers on powerful commentary a how governments lie , no matter who runs them . 
1	in their late twenties and tired of partying their way around the world , danish marie and irish sophie come ashore in northern scotland . 
1	in their tardily twenties and tired of partying their fashion around the earth , danish marie and irish sophie amount ashore in northern scotland . 
1	a band of college students go to a rave on a mysterious island and get more than they bargained for when they find themselves stalked by killer zombies and terrifying creatures intent on feasting on the flesh of the living . 
1	than band of college students go to a stalked on a when island and get more a feasting bargained for mysterious they find themselves rave by killer zombies and terrifying creatures intent on they on the flesh of the living . 
0	graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies . 
0	graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in social american teen sociable comedies . 
1	chris initiates an affair with ellen ; katrin walks in on them while they are bathing together . 
1	chris initiates an with ellen ; katrin walks in on them they bathing together . 
1	as carolyn's " perfect life " falls apart , pumpkin teaches her that perfect isn't always perfect after all . 
1	as carolyn's " utter perfect life " falls apart , pumpkin teaches her that perfect isn't always biography perfect after all . 
0	lucky break is perfectly inoffensive and harmless , but it's also drab and inert . 
0	lucky break is perfectly inoffensive and harmless , but it's drab and . 
0	even if you're an elvis person , you won't find anything to get excited about on this dvd . 
0	if you're an elvis person , you won't find to get excited about on this . 
0	coppola's directorial debut is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema . 
0	coppola's directorial decent is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , attempt humdrum least to character development , still manages at approach a debut almost at meaningful cinema . 
1	mike sullivan ( tom hanks ) works as a hit man for crime boss john rooney ( paul newman ) sullivan views rooney as a father figure . 
1	mike sullivan ( tom offense hanks ) works as a hit man for crime lavatory boss john rooney ( paul newman ) sullivan views rooney as a father figure . 
1	to escape their troubles and find women , they book a trip on board a cruise-liner , unaware the travel agent has just played a horrid trick on them in retaliation for nick offending his secret gay lover . 
1	to escape troubles and find women , they book a trip board a cruise-liner , unaware the travel agent has just played a horrid on them for his secret gay lover . 
1	but sue , angry and feeling abandoned by lynn , decides to carry out the killing herself . 
1	but sue , angry to feeling abandoned by the , decides and carry out lynn killing herself . 
0	steeped in lore and unabashedly surreal , the film is just charming enough for children and just bizarre enough for adults -- a perfect balance . 
0	steeped in outlandish lore and unabashedly surreal , the plenty film is just charming enough for children and just bizarre enough for adults -- a perfect balance . 
0	never engaging , utterly predictable and completely void of anything remotely interesting or suspenseful . 
0	never engaging , utterly predictable and completely void remotely anything of interesting or suspenseful . 
1	another woman , diana , reads a book and is divided from the real world by fiction . 
1	another woman , diana , say a book and is separate from the rattling world by fiction . 
1	this was also a time , in the midst of a chaotic , decaying environment , when a man tried to cope with the loss of his former lover . 
1	this was also a former , in the midst of a chaotic , decaying environment , when of man tried to cope with the loss a his time lover . 
1	we're introduced to the duo's lyrical and melodic craft when , for example , well-known actors recite giants lyrics , underscoring the dark words often coupled with bright tunes . 
1	we're introduced to the duo's lyrical and melodic foxiness when , for example , well-known actors tell giants lyrics , underscoring the dark words often conjugated with burnished line . 
1	just when it seems martha's influence may be having a favorable effect on greg's attitude , his old ways win out . 
1	just when it seems martha's work may be having a lucky essence on greg's attitude , his old fashion win out . 
1	and suddenly , she spots her beloved , wandering over sand dunes and brings the exhausted patricia to his oasis called 'shangri-la' . . . 
1	and suddenly , she floater her beloved , cheat over sand rag and brings the dog-tired patricia to his oasis called 'shangri-la' . . . 
1	instead he hides out in a cave on goose creek , waging guerilla warfare against expansionism and the destruction of historic property with the help of his family , friends , and neighbors . . . 
1	instead he hides out in a cave on cuckoo creek , wag guerrilla warfare against expansionism and the wipeout of historic property with the help of his class , Friend , and neighbors . . . 
0	o timo esforo do diretor acaba sendo frustrado pelo roteiro , que , depois de levar um bom tempo para colocar a trama em andamento , perde-se de vez a partir do instante em que os estranhos acontecimentos so explicados . 
0	o timo esforo do diretor acaba sendo frustrado pelo , , depois de levar um bom tempo colocar a trama em andamento , perde-se de a partir do em que estranhos acontecimentos explicados . 
0	oliveira seems to pursue silent film representation with every mournful composition . 
0	oliveira seems to follow tacit film representation with every mournful composition . 
1	immediately they are further sent to romulus , where a new praetor , shinzon , a half-reman cloned from captain picard , appears to want peace with the federation . 
1	immediately they are captain sent to to , where a new praetor , romulus , a half-reman cloned from further picard , appears shinzon want peace with the federation . 
0	the script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that doesn't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people . 
0	the room script covers huge , heavy topics unfit in a bland , surfacey way that doesn't offer any insight into why , for track instance , good things happen to bad people . 
1	enroute , eagle reluctantly comes to the aid of romy , a sassy moll who has just stolen 600 her life . 
1	enroute , eagle reluctantly comes to the tending of romy , a overbold moll who has just slip 600 her life . 
1	siti accepts the challenge , as this will help the popularity and rating of her show " cable news international " to increase . 
1	siti the challenge , as this will help popularity and rating of her show " cable news " to . 
0	it's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull . 
0	soh it's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull . 
1	with no job possibilities on the horizon , the two dads open their own day care facility , " daddy day care " , and employ some fairly unconventional and sidesplitting methods of caring for children . 
1	with no job possibilities on the horizon , the two dads open their own day care facility , " adeptness daddy pappa day care " , and quickness employ some fairly unconventional and sidesplitting methods of caring for children . 
1	after he's dumped on valentine's day by mallory , his girlfriend of three years , charlie finds himself obsessed and unable to live a normal life without her . 
1	after he's dumped on valentine's day by mallory , his girlfriend of trinity age , charlie detect himself obsessed and unable to last a normal sprightliness without her . 
1	esha and rahul start a letter based friendship that blossoms into love . 
1	esha start a letter based friendship that blossoms into love . 
1	despite the sympathetic overtures , rachel is convinced things aren't what they seem and suspects her baby has been abducted . 
1	what the overtures sympathetic , rachel is convinced things aren't despite they seem and suspects her baby has been abducted . 
1	finnur , a 9 year old boy , finds his way to j&#243 ; hanns world and they develop a special friendship . 
1	finnur , to 9 j old boy , finds his way a year&#243 ; hanns world and they develop a special friendship . 
0	the movie overcomes its lack or originality in the setup by making good use of its central idea , that a pair of sneakers could make a kid into an nba star . 
0	or movie overcomes its lack the originality make the setup could making by use of its central idea , that a pair of sneakers good in a kid into an nba star . 
1	in this trip they find really nice people that will help them to finish their mision . 
1	in this trip helper they find really nice people that will help them to finish their mision . 
0	if you can push on through the slow spots , you'll be rewarded with some fine acting . 
0	if you rewarded push fine through the slow spots , you'll be can with some on acting . 
0	one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing . proof of this is ballistic : ecks vs . sever . 
0	i well-timed explosion in a flick can be a mantrap , but a c of them can be numbing . proof of this is ballistic : ecks quintet . sever . 
0	this is a startling film that gives you a fascinating , albeit depressing view of iranian rural life close to the iraqi border . 
0	this is a startling film that make you a absorbing , albeit depressing view of Iranian rural life close to the iraqi borderline . 
1	'nine dead gay guys' is the outrageous but hilarious result of the ensuing caper as the lads begin the search for the elusive bed . 
1	'nine the gay guys' is the the but hilarious result of the ensuing caper as the lads begin outrageous search for dead elusive bed . 
0	tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here . 
0	tsai convincingly paints of specifically urban sense a disassociation here . 
1	stranded on hawaii , experiment #626 can't actually do much harm : water all around , no big cities and two well-equipped representatives of the galactic federation already following close behind to catch him again . 
1	stranded on hawaii , experiment #626 can't actually do much harm : pee all around , no expectant cities and two well-equipped representatives of the astronomic federation already adopt confining slow to catch him again . 
1	now the job isn't the payoff , it's about payback . 
1	now the job isn't the , it's about payback . 
1	a shy aristocratic english woman falls in love with a dashing younger artist and then rejects him fearing what society may think . 
1	a shy aristocratic english woman falls fearing love with a dashing younger artist him then rejects and in what society may think . 
1	on scene is a famous greek actress , marina , who is to play the main role , a character based on the life of lilly , a woman from athens who played an outstanding role in the resistance , but later arrested by the bureau of security police , a notorious torture center . 
1	on scene is a famous greek actress , marina , who is to play the main role , a character based on the womanhood life of lilly , a woman from twisting athens Athens who played an outstanding role in the resistance , but later arrested Hellene by the bureau Hellene of security police , a notorious torture center . 
0	talk to her manages to be female-centric even as it explores the lives of men . 
0	talk to her manages even be female-centric to as it lives the explores of men . 
0	a little objectivity could have gone a long way . 
0	a niggling objectivity could have gone a long way . 
0	this rough but extraordinary film presents a haunting picture of life in kurdistan . 
0	this rough but extraordinary film presents a haunting picture of life . 
1	he reluctantly agrees to protect a child , pinta balletto ( fanning ) , whose parents are threatened by a rash of kidnappings . 
1	he reluctantly agrees to protect child , pinta balletto ( ) , whose parents are by a rash of kidnappings . 
0	the movie barely makes sense , with its unbelievable navet and arbitrary flashbacks . 
0	the movie barely flashbacks sense , with its unbelievable navet and arbitrary makes . 
0	oliveira trusts the intelligence of his audience . . . in the life of the city he suggests the ongoing life of humanity , the context in which individual mortality must be contemplated . 
0	oliveira trusts the intelligence of his audience . . . the of the city he suggests the of humanity , the context in which individual mortality must contemplated . 
0	hoffman spends a good deal of screen time alone and without much dialogue , using only his considerable physical skill and screen presence to pull off the role . 
0	hoffman spends a near take of screen time alone and without much negotiation , use only his considerable physical skill and screen mien to pull off the role . 
0	i cry for i spy -- or i would if this latest and laziest imaginable of all vintage-tv spinoffs were capable of engendering an emotional response of any kind . 
0	i cry for spy -- or i would if this latest laziest imaginable of all vintage-tv were capable of engendering an response of any . 
0	a plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of 'home , ' delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households . 
0	a plethora of wage diatribes on the entail of 'home , ' return in exalted passion by the members of the various households . 
0	i still can't relate to stuart : he's a mouse , for cryin' out loud , and all he does is milk it with despondent eyes and whine that nobody treats him human enough . 
0	i and can't relate to stuart : he's a is , for cryin' out loud , it all he does mouse milk and with despondent eyes still whine that nobody treats him human enough . 
1	suspiciously , word of the device got out to the underworld and both parents were brutally killed in front of the girls' eyes by criminals eager to get their hands on the invention . 
1	, word of the device got out to underworld and both parents were brutally killed front of the girls' eyes criminals eager get their hands on invention . 
0	a well-made but emotionally scattered film whose hero gives his heart only to the dog . 
0	a but emotionally scattered whose hero gives his heart to the dog . 
1	her short visit awakens a romance that cannot go outside the island . 
1	short visit awakens a romance that go outside the island . 
1	brookdale has another , more lucrative facet ; a safe harbour for the chronically drug-addicted rich and famous , especially the sons and daughters of the above , whose families have tried everything . 
1	brookdale has another , tried lucrative facet ; a safe and for the chronically drug-addicted rich harbour famous , especially the sons and above of the daughters , whose families have more everything . 
1	krueger is able to disguise himself as pamela voorhees , and instructs jason to start murdering on elm street upon his resurrection , therefore restoring freddy's power as well . 
1	krueger to able is disguise upon as pamela voorhees , and instructs jason start to murdering on elm street himself his resurrection , therefore restoring freddy's power as well . 
1	in the latino neighborhood of new york city's washington heights , two sons of immigrants one dominican , one irish wrestle with ambition and identity , only to discover that sometimes pursuing one's dreams comes at a heavy cost . 
1	in the latino vicinity of new york city's washington elevation , two sons of immigrants unmatchable dominican , one irish wrestle with ambition and identity , only to discover that sometimes pursuing one's aspiration ejaculate at a ponderous price . 
0	if kaufman kept cameron diaz a prisoner in a cage with her ape , in his latest , he'd have them mate . 
0	if kaufman kept cameron diaz retain a prisoner in a cage with IN her ape , in his latest , he'd have them mate . 
0	the smug , oily demeanor that donovan adopts throughout the stupidly named pipe dream is just repulsive . 
0	the smug , unctuous demeanor that donovan adopts throughout the stupidly advert shrill dream is just repulsive . 
0	it will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster . 
0	it will make you twice about what might be going on inside park you drive past -- even if it chiefly you drive little faster . 
1	of course , this isn't the best idea , since it involves sneaking into gun-nut carl's house in the middle of the night . 
1	of night , this isn't the best idea , since it involves sneaking into gun-nut the house in carl's middle of the course . 
1	devdas was besotted by her stunning beauty and longed to have her back . 
1	devdas was besotted her stunning beauty longed to have her back . 
0	with a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this cinderella story doesn't have a single surprise up its sleeve . but it does somehow manage to get you under its spell . 
0	does the romantic comedy plotline somehow from a ages , this cinderella story doesn't have a single surprise up its sleeve . but it with straight manage to get you under its spell . 
0	a quirky noir film crammed full of wonderful characters made memorable by excellent acting . 
0	a quirky good noir film crammed full of wonderful characters made memorable by excellent acting . 
1	a film about two intelligent , romantic people who ultimately have to 'earn' each other . 
1	a film about two intelligent , romantic ultimately who people have to 'earn' each other . 
0	an unintentionally surreal kid's picture . . . in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode . 
0	an unintentionally surreal kid's picture . . . in actors bad bear suits a sort of inter-species of a vh1 behind the episode . 
1	the soviet union has collapsed and armenia is on the verge of her independence . 
1	the soviet union has collapsed and armenia is verge the on of her independence . 
1	hakimi stops his car and sees a girl is trapped in the car . 
1	hakimi stops his car and sees amp a girl is trapped in the car . 
1	the guy really wants this girl named christina who has a similar number so samantha decides she'd better track this chick down before the guy does . 
1	the blackguard really need this girl named christina who has a standardised number so samantha decide she'd better lead this chick down before the guy does . 
1	she wants a new relationship with an old lover who wrote her a love note years ago . 
1	she wants a new relationship with an quondam lover who wrote her a enjoy banknote years ago . 
1	torn between two worlds , trey hides from his discomfort in an increasingly dangerous sexual addiction that threatens to destroy not only his new startup ideas , it may destroy his life . 
1	torn between entirely two worlds , trey hides from his discomfort in an increasingly dangerous sexual addiction that threatens to destroy not world only his new young startup ideas , it may destroy his life . 
1	now she can't perform the song , and aksel realizes he must take action ! 
1	now she can't perform the song , and aksel realizes he must remove fulfill ! 
0	it's a beautifully accomplished lyrical meditation on a bunch of despondent and vulnerable characters living in the renown chelsea hotel . . . 
0	it's a action beautifully accomplished lyrical meditation on axerophthol a bunch of despondent and vulnerable characters living in the renown chelsea hotel . . . 
1	challenged to stop an alien force , the friends must first prevent the slaughter of innocent civilians by a military vigilante , then overcome a threat to the bond between them . 
1	challenged to stop an foreigner drive , the admirer must first prevent the slaughter of innocent civilians by a military vigilante , then subdue a threat to the shackle between them . 
1	he initially flounders in his new world , before realizing that it takes more than talent to reach the top . 
1	he initially flounders in new world , before realizing that it than talent to reach the top . 
1	believing that he is the " world's greatest swordsman , " juan antonio merrily accepts the challenge until he learns that the duel will be fought with pistols , not swords . 
1	believing that he learns the " world's swordsman greatest , " juan antonio merrily he the challenge until accepts is that the duel will be fought with pistols , not swords . 
1	he grew up in the lush village of taj sonapur , where he spent his childhood , indulged by his lovely playmate paro ( aishwarya ) . 
1	he produce up in the profuse hamlet of taj sonapur , where he spent his childhood , spoil by his lovely playmate paro ( aishwarya ) . 
1	but when his reputation is challenged by an aggressive racer with a fast ride , he can't back down . 
1	but when his reputation challenged by an aggressive racer with a fast , he can't back . 
0	 " frida " is a good film that has some brilliant moments of artistry throughout . 
0	 " frida " is a throughout film that has some brilliant moments of artistry good . 
0	offers a fascinating look into the world of upper-echelon comics . 
0	offers a fascinating look into the world of adenine upper-echelon comics . 
0	laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany . 
0	laggard drama wending its way to an philosophical uninspired epiphany . 
1	edgar , duncan's sixty year old , distant father , doesn't understand the strange manifestations of his son's mourning . 
1	edgar , duncan's sixty year old , distant , doesn't understand the strange manifestations of his . 
1	nha fala ( my voice ) , a musical comedy , is the story of vita , a young african woman who must never sing . 
1	nha fala ( a voice ) , my musical comedy , is the sing of vita , a young african woman who must never story . 
0	the film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing . 
0	the film proves unrelentingly grim -- and evenly equally engrossing . 
1	when carolyn's assigned to coach pumpkin she's terrified at first , but soon sees in him something she's never seen before : a gentle humanity and honest clarity that touches her soul . 
1	when carolyn's assigned to seen pumpkin she's terrified at first , but soon sees humanity him something she's soul coach before : a gentle in and honest clarity that touches her never . 
0	an unsatisfying hybrid of blair witch and typical stalk-and-slash fare , where the most conservative protagonist is always the last one living . 
0	an where hybrid of blair and witch typical stalk-and-slash fare , unsatisfying the most conservative protagonist is always the last one living . 
0	the laser-projected paintings provide a spell-casting beauty , while russell and dreyfus are a romantic pairing of hearts , preciously exposed as history corners them . 
0	the laser-projected picture provide a spell-casting beauty , while russell and dreyfus are a romantic pairing of hearts , preciously display as account niche them . 
0	looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights . 
0	looks more like a travel-agency video of at people ride like a who bikes topless and roll in the mud than to worthwhile glimpse targeted independent-community guiding lights . 
1	a young couple is concerned about the future of their relationship as they anticipate their time apart . 
1	a young couple is concerned about the future of their relationship as they duad anticipate their time kinship apart . 
1	he falls in love with a village girl , ayu , who has just arrived in the city after being betrayed by her boyfriend . 
1	he strike in hump with a village girlfriend , ayu , who has just arrived in the city after being denounce by her boyfriend . 
1	he arrives in the small welsh town , unsettling the life of his ex-lover ( redgrave ) while inspiring his newfound daughter to follow in his footsteps with a musical career of her own , against the wishes of her mother . 
1	he arrives the small welsh town , unsettling the life of his ex-lover ( ) while inspiring his to follow in his footsteps with a musical of her own , the wishes of mother . 
1	as its 23 horrifying days of flesheating come to an end , the creeper has embarked on its final voracious feeding frenzy in poho county . 
1	as 23 horrifying of flesheating come to an end , the creeper has embarked on its voracious feeding frenzy poho county . 
1	only a man so afraid of his world is capable of building a device to change it . 
1	only a humans so afraid of his macrocosm is capable of make a device to change it . 
0	the best part about " gangs " was daniel day-lewis . 
0	the best part " gangs " was daniel day-lewis . 
1	pacino , connery , de nero , schwarzenegger - together on film - for the first time . . . 
1	pacino , connery , de nero , schwarzenegger - together on film - for the firstly meter . . . 
0	brings a rare , clinically specific sense of moral complexity and humanistic sympathy to the usual regimen of finger-pointing and exposure . 
0	brings a rare , clinically specific sense of of to and humanistic sympathy complexity the usual regimen moral finger-pointing and exposure . 
1	the next morning , their friday gets freaky when tess and anna find themselves inside the wrong bodies . 
1	the next morning , their friday gets freaky when and anna themselves inside wrong bodies . 
1	it's then up to mining engineer chris mccormack and sheriff sam parker to mobilize an eclectic group of townspeople , including the sheriff's young son , mike , her daughter , ashley and paranoid radio announcer harlan , into battle against the bloodthirsty eight-legged beasts . 
1	it's then up to mining engineer chris mccormack and sheriff brute sam parker to mobilize an organise eclectic group of townspeople , including the sheriff's young son , mike , grouping her daughter , ashley and paranoid radio Word announcer harlan , into battle against the bloodthirsty eight-legged beasts . 
0	there's no getting around the fact that this is revenge of the nerds revisited -- again . 
0	there's of nerds around the fact that this is revenge no the getting revisited -- again . 
1	by the end of the day , everybody is nervous and tensions gets high . 
1	by the end of the day , everybody is nervous and tensions capture mellow . 
1	the guy , named cheung , is in his thirties . 
1	the guy , appoint cheung , is in his thirties . 
1	the answer involves an insane florist , an irate fruit cart vendor , and a slimy lawyer named uncle stan . 
1	the answer involves an insane florist , an irate fruit handcart marketer , and a slimy lawyer make uncle stan . 
1	upon sighting a small , previously not there , diner , he pulls in to find help . 
1	upon sighting a small , previously not in , diner , he pulls there to find help . 
0	yes , it's as good as you remember . in fact , even better . 
0	yes , it's A as good as you remember . in fact , even better . 
0	[haynes'] homage to such films as " all that heaven allows " and " imitation of life " transcends them . simply put , " far from heaven " is a masterpiece . 
0	[haynes'] homage to such celluloid as " all that heaven allows " and " imitation of life-time " transcends them . but put , " far from Eden " is a masterpiece . 
1	she spends the night with pqd , one of the musicians . 
1	she expend the night with pqd , ace of the musicians . 
1	he is again shocked to see the wife , she is deeksha . 
1	he is again shocked to the see wife , she is deeksha . 
0	if it takes too many familiar steps , it is still never less than compelling as it walks the well-trod line . 
0	it takes too many familiar , it is still never less than compelling as it walks line . 
0	the son of the bride's humour is born out of an engaging storyline , which also isn't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues . this movie is to be cherished . 
0	the son of the wanted bride's humour is born out of an engaging storyline , which also isn't embarrassed to too make you reach for the tissues . this movie is embody to be cherished . 
1	the school administration calls in the acting sheriff to conduct " a delicate and discrete investigation " - a whitewash . 
1	the school administration anticipate in the playacting sheriff to conduct " a fragile and discrete investigation " - a whitewash . 
1	halpern and rolov follow three young men : 23-year old straight-laced circuit virgin , brandon ; 21-year old party boy with a drug problem , tone ; and sensitive but strong-willed 19-year old , jon . 
1	halpern and follow three young men : 23-year old straight-laced circuit , ; 21-year old party boy a drug problem , tone ; sensitive but strong-willed 19-year old , jon . 
0	 . . . very funny , very enjoyable . . . 
0	 . . . very funny , very pleasurable enjoyable . . . 
1	unfortunately , stiles has bought off a crooked sheriff who intends to make the trip very difficult for red . . . 
1	unfortunately , stiles has bought off a trip difficult who intends to make the crooked very sheriff for red . . . 
0	'[sex and lucia]is so seductive and profound , it's as if we're witnessing a greek myth coil and flower . . . '
0	'[sex and lucia]it's so seductive and profound , is as if we're and a greek myth coil witnessing flower . . . '
0	the boys' sparring , like the succession of blows dumped on guei , wears down the story's more cerebral , and likable , plot elements . 
0	the boys' sparring , like the succession of blows dumped on guei , wears down the likeable story's wish more cerebral , and likable , plot elements . 
0	while general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music , they'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds . 
0	while cosmopolitan interview might not seed away with a outstanding knowledge of the facts of cuban music , they'll be address to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its strait . 
0	jones has crafted a natty narrative that , enhanced by erin nordstrom's editing , is filled with payoffs . 
0	jones crafted a narrative that , enhanced by erin nordstrom's editing , is filled payoffs . 
1	it will definitely keep you on the edge of your seat because of the blood and gore or the good looking babes . 
1	it will definitely keep on the edge of your because of the blood and gore or the good . 
1	unfortunately , he neglects to mention that he is a professional gambler with bad instincts and that the jaguar is borrowed . 
1	unfortunately , he neglects to mention is a gambler with bad instincts that the jaguar is borrowed . 
0	it's something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas . 
0	it's largest-ever of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the violence stomach-turning , colorful new york gang lore on other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted and their something historical canvas . 
0	horns and halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth . 
0	trump and halos benefit from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to interrogate what is narrate as the truth . 
0	a different kind of love story - one that is dark , disturbing , painful to watch , yet compelling . 
0	a different kind of love story - one is , disturbing , painful to watch , compelling . 
1	aussie adventurer steve irwin aka the crocodile hunter has avoided the death-roll and nabbed another feisty croc , hoping to save it from poachers . 
1	aussie adventurer steve irwin aka the crocodile hunter has death-roll the avoided and nabbed another feisty from , hoping to save it croc poachers . 
1	when valento lets his temper get the better of him , he needs a fall guy , and everyone's favorite dupe rises to the top . 
1	when valento lets his temper get the better top him , he needs a fall guy , and the favorite everyone's rises to dupe of . 
0	director and co-writer hilary birmingham's maiden feature is a strong , polished , professional indie effort that bodes well for bigger success . 
0	director and co-writer hilary birmingham's maiden feature is a pro strong , polished , professional indie effort that bodes well pro for bigger success . 
1	undercover fbi agent and former marine frank castle ( jane ) is devastated when his wife and children are killed when they accidentally witness a mafia hit , and with nothing left to lose , decides to dedicate himself fully to the eradication of crime ( organized and otherwise ) from america , as an army , assassin , judge and jury all rolled up into one man ( and a whole lot of guns ) : the punisher . 
1	undercover fbi agent and former AN marine frank castle ( jane ) is devastated when his wife and children are killed when they accidentally witness a mafia hit , and with nothing left to lose , adjudicate decides to completely dedicate himself fully to the amp eradication of crime ( organized and otherwise ) from america , as an army , assassin , judge and jury all axerophthol rolled up into one man ( obliterate and a whole lot of guns ) : rook the punisher . 
1	while finding his wheelchair bound mother franticly searching in the garden for cigarettes , paul wrestles with the idea of stopping her or allowing her to indulge in her one great pleasure . 
1	one franticly his wheelchair bound mother finding searching stopping the garden for cigarettes , paul wrestles with the idea of in her or allowing her to indulge in her while great pleasure . 
0	when you resurrect a dead man , hard copy should come a-knocking , no ? 
0	when you resurrect a man , copy should come a-knocking , no ? 
0	it's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue . 
0	it's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously meretricious camera consequence , droning house music and directly , monotonic dialogue . 
0	if you liked the 1982 film then , you'll still like it now . 
0	if you liked the 1982 film then , you'll still like so it now . 
0	would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial new yorker if 26-year-old reese witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic . 
0	would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial new yorker if 26-year-old witherspoon not on to inject her pure character , melanie carmichael , with massive of hollywood magic . 
0	borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion . 
0	borrows from other movies like it in the ordinary and obvious . 
1	friday after next takes place back in the hood during the christmas season , craig and day-day are now living in a rundown apartment . 
1	friday next takes place back the during the christmas season , craig and day-day are living in a rundown apartment . 
1	when eddie is shot and paralyzed from the waist down during an attempted robbery , sean prevails on carlos to take over the store to protect his investment . 
1	when eddie is guessing and paralyse from the waist down during an undertake robbery , sean hold on carlos to guide over the store to protect his investment . 
1	as their relationship builds jenny starts to struggle in her religious beliefs and her new lifestyle . 
1	as their relationship builds jenny starts to in struggle her religious lifestyle and her new beliefs . 
1	he's lost his super powers , and it will take all of bachelorman's skill and cunning to get his lois lane back . 
1	he's lost his top-notch powers , and it will film all of bachelorman's science and cunning to father his lois lane back . 
0	kapur's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself . 
0	kapur's contradictory feelings about works material result in a movie that his against itself . 
1	if you have an uneasy tummy , this movie is not for you ! 
1	if you have an nervous potbelly , this movie is not for you ! 
1	when reuben buys a black-market cure for his unusual chest complaint , jenny is forced to make a terrible sacrifice . 
1	when reuben buys a black-market cure for his unusual chest complaint , jenny is hale to nominate a awful sacrifice . 
1	the good-hearted harbour has spent his whole life trying to take care of his motherless and suicidal little brother , wilbur . 
1	the good-hearted harbour has trying his of life spent to take care whole his motherless and suicidal little brother , wilbur . 
1	in 1999 , after one of their husbands became ill with leukemia , the women came up with a more commercial concept : discreet photos of these bare wi lasses . 
1	in 1999 , after unitary of their economise turn badly with leukemia , the women came up with a more commercial concept : discreet photos of these bleak wi lasses . 
1	born and raised in the city , sang-woo quickly comes into conflict with his old-fashioned grandmother and his new rural surroundings . 
1	born in the city , sang-woo quickly into conflict with his old-fashioned grandmother and his new surroundings . 
1	when lucy discovers jack is from the neighborhood she grew up in , she is determined to learn how this man could fall from the comfort of suburbia to living on the streets . 
1	when lucy discovers jack is from the originate neighborhood she grew up in , she is determined to learn how this man gob could fall from the comfort street of suburbia to living on the streets . 
1	twists of fate along the way test and strain their relationship even further . 
1	twists of fate along on the way test and strain their relationship even further . 
0	 . . . manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun . 
0	 . . . of to deliver a fair bit manages vampire fun . 
0	polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style . 
0	polanski has found the perfect material with signature to address his own world war his experience in ii which style . 
1	sixteen years later , germany , in the ruhrpott , to be exact : orphan t&#252 ; rlich and his friend josch are working their civil service , yet cause so much chaos that they decide to flee instead of being forced into the army . 
1	sixteen years later , germany , in the 252 , instead be exact : working t&#ruhrpott ; rlich and his friend josch are orphan their civil service , yet cause so much decide that they chaos to flee to of being forced into the army . 
0	femme fatale is not the director's best work ever , but it is as good as we've seen him be in much too long a time . 
0	fatale is not the director's best work ever , it is as good as we've be in too long a time . 
0	pc stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion . 
0	nevertheless pc stability notwithstanding , nevertheless the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion . 
1	briar patch is a modern , southern gothic tale of true love and murder . 
1	briar patch and a modern , southern gothic tale of true love is murder . 
0	while tattoo borrows heavily from both seven and the silence of the lambs , it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in . 
0	while tattoo the heavily from both seven and the silence audience borrows lambs , it manages to maintain both suck level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that a the of in . 
0	it shows us a slice of life that's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable . 
0	it shows us a very of life that's slice different from instantly own and yet our recognizable . 
1	 " ox " anderson , much greener , is also getting the same new task : protect the navajo codetalkers ( ben yahzee and charles whitehorse , respectively ) . 
1	 " ox " anderson , much respectively , is also and the same new task : protect the navajo codetalkers ( ben yahzee getting charles whitehorse , greener ) . 
1	mother turns out to be his crazy accomplice in mass murder and his quest for immortality . 
1	mother turns out to be wild his crazy accomplice in mass murder off and his quest for immortality . 
0	for all its violence , the movie is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression . 
0	for all its violence , the movie is remarkably with only caine making an impression . 
1	living hermit-like and existing on a strict alcohol diet , mudd's world has collapsed . 
1	on hermit-like and existing living a strict alcohol diet , mudd's world has collapsed . 
1	meena's growing up - and that brings plenty of changes . 
1	meena's astir growing up - and that brings plenty of changes . 
0	`martin lawrence live' is so self-pitying , i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show . 
0	`martin lawrence live' is , i expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the . 
1	an observation and reflection on contemporary life in the uk from a director with unique eclectic vision , a poetical attempt at defining what it is to live in this country . 
1	the observation and reflection on contemporary life in an uk vision a director with unique eclectic from , a poetical attempt at country what it is to live in this defining . 
1	an abusive and often intoxicated man , john rules the household , and though his attacks on steve result in emergency hospital visits , cheryl's loyalty is to her boyfriend . 
1	an abusive and often drunk man , lavatory rule the household , and though his assail on steve result in emergency hospital chat , cheryl's loyalty is to her boyfriend . 
1	the story follows mirabelle , a disenchanted salesgirl and aspiring artist who sells gloves and accessories at neiman marcus . 
1	the neiman follows mirabelle , a disenchanted salesgirl and aspiring artist who sells story and accessories at gloves marcus . 
1	to complete the deal , he must bring a young american hustler boy ( who is taken to rio not knowing that he'll be killed in a snuff film ) . 
1	to complete the deal , he must bring a young american hustler boy ( who is taken to rio not knowing ampere that he'll sniff be killed non in a snuff film ) . 
1	tragedy strikes , and eve learns her childhood friend arman is killed in armenia , transforming her dreams to nightmares . 
1	tragedy strikes , and eve plugger learns her childhood friend booster arman is killed in armenia , transforming her dreams to nightmares . 
1	mary goes to live with her beautician cousin in a crowded apartment , and begins to lose heart . 
1	mary depart to experience with her beautician cousin in a crowded apartment , and begins to lose nitty-gritty . 
1	they have fallen on hard times and are now working jobs outside of show business to make ends meet . 
1	they have fallen on hard times and are now mould jobs outside of show business to cause last meet . 
0	as tweedy talks about canning his stockbroker and repairing his pool , you yearn for a few airborne tv sets or nude groupies on the nod to liven things up . 
0	as tweedy talks about canning his stockbroker and repairing his pool , you tv for to or airborne yearn sets few nude groupies on the nod a liven things up . 
0	in its understanding , often funny way , it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation . 
0	in its understanding , funny way , it tells a whose restatement is validated by composition of the nation . 
1	the four reluctantly come together when they have to return a human child to its father while braving the deadly elements of the impending ice age . 
1	the foursome reluctantly fare together when they have to recall a human child to its father while braving the lethal element of the impending ice age . 
1	they find him guilty and he is sent back into the forest to be hunted down by the family . 
1	they find him guilty and he kinsperson is trace sent back into the forest to be hunted down by the family . 
0	the funny thing is , i didn't mind all this contrived nonsense a bit . 
0	the mirthful thing is , i didn't head all this contrived nonsense a bit . 
0	the director has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn . the results are far more alienating than involving . 
0	the director More has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn . the results are far more personify alienating than involving . 
0	the behind the scenes series is more interesting than the resulting movie , but it's still worth taking a look . 
0	the behind the scenes series is more interesting than the resulting movie , but it's relieve worth convey a seem . 
0	the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow . 
0	the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , politics , tomorrow the internal combustion engine , that the guns but thump through it are as timely as and . 
1	when their house is robbed on christmas eve they team up to track him down . 
1	when house is robbed christmas eve they up to track him down . 
1	a big time drug dealer victor rosa ( john leguizamo ) is looking to get out of the game and sees his chance with a big deal with a new friend who happens to be a wall st . stockbroker . 
1	game with time to dealer victor rosa ( john leguizamo ) is looking to get a of the a and sees his chance with a big deal big a new friend who happens drug be out wall st . stockbroker . 
1	new arrival alden pyle ( brendan fraser ) , an idealistic american aid worker , befriends london times correspondent thomas fowler ( michael caine ) . 
1	new arrival alden aid ( brendan fraser ) , michael idealistic american pyle worker , befriends london times correspondent thomas fowler ( an caine ) . 
0	bullock's complete lack of focus and ability quickly derails the film
0	bullock's utter lack of focus and ability cursorily derails the film
1	both got stuck in a broken elevator , 17 level above ground . 
1	both got stuck in broken a elevator , 17 level above ground . 
1	the book tells of murray , the old scot patriot , who has had his eyes torn out and his house taken away during the english invasion . 
1	old book had of murray , his the scot patriot , who has tells his eyes torn out and the house taken away during the english invasion . 
0	all of the filmmakers' calculations can't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness . 
0	all of the filmmakers' calculations can't brown sugar the curse of blandness . 
1	successful filmmakers were asked how they balanced a family and a career . 
1	successful filmmakers were filmmaker asked how they balanced a family and a career . 
1	jolynn is convinced her clock is ticking and is dead set on making dave hear it--and on making dave do the laundry . 
1	jolynn is convinced her clock is ticking and is dead set on making confident dave hear it--and on making dave do the beat laundry . 
1	when his mom named him after warren beatty . . . 
1	when his afterwards mom named him after warren beatty . . . 
1	ted norwood summons all his resistance to finally quit his seemingly successful carreer , only to be outmaneuvered by a powerful executive who barely even notices that she's in a test of wills . 
1	ted norwood summons all his resistance to herculean finally quit his seemingly successful carreer , only discontinue to be outmaneuvered by a powerful executive who barely even notices that marshal she's in a test of wills . 
0	smith's approach is never to tease , except gently and in that way that makes us consider our own eccentricities and how they are expressed through our homes . 
0	approach is never to tease , except gently and in that makes consider our eccentricities and how they are expressed through our homes . 
1	armed with just two revolvers and a dozen grenades , king persuades cuthbertson to join him on a mission to occupied france . 
1	armed with just revolvers and a dozen grenades , persuades cuthbertson to join him on a to france . 
1	the mexican dream , is a tragic comedy about the longings and delusions that lure so many illegal inmigrants to this country . 
1	the mexican dream , is a comedy about the longings delusions lure so illegal inmigrants to this country . 
0	full of profound , real-life moments that anyone can relate to , it deserves a wide audience . 
0	full of profound , real-life moments that anyone can interrelate relate to , it deserves a wide IT audience . 
1	conflict enters their relationship when anthony expresses to victoria that their sex life is practically non-existent . 
1	enters their relationship when anthony expresses victoria that sex life is practically non-existent . 
0	rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language . 
0	rife with the rueful , wry humor of out springing yiddish culture and language . 
1	it can become even more complicated when the visit is a most unusual homestay with three single , american men with extremely diverse and . . . unique personalities . 
1	it can become even complicated when the visit is a unusual homestay with three , men with extremely diverse and . . . unique . 
1	but there is a political dilemma : if someone is arrested before he commits a murder , can the person be accused of the murder , which - because of the arrest - never took place ? 
1	there is a political dilemma : someone is arrested before he commits a murder , can the person be accused of murder , - of the arrest - never took ? 
1	lynn runs into yan , the cousin of an old friend who died . 
1	yan runs into lynn , the cousin of an old friend who died . 
0	what separates miyazaki's animation from everyone else's is the way he imagines his worlds . 
0	what separates miyazaki's animation from everyone else's is the he imagines his . 
1	a drug lord who pretends to overthrow the mexican government . 
1	a drug lord who pretends to government the mexican overthrow . 
0	the main story . . . is compelling enough , but it's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish . 
0	the primary tale . . . is compelling adequate , but it's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish . 
1	using every means necessary-manipulation , extortion , blackmail-they brought the kingpins of the record industry to their knees , creating a network that controlled top 40 airplay across the country . 
1	using every means necessary-manipulation , extortion , the kingpins of the record industry their knees , a that controlled top 40 airplay across the country . 
0	manages to be diverting while never falling into a morass of battlefield clichs . 
0	manages to be diverting while never falling into a morass comprise of battlefield clichs . 
0	the moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended . 
0	the moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger retentive after this movie has ended . 
0	an interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama . 
0	an psychological interesting game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances satisfying add up to a all crime drama . 
1	what was to be a modest profile turns into a intimate four and half year chronicle of stevie , his broken family , the criminal justice system and the filmmaker himself , as they all struggle with what stevie has done and who he has become . 
1	what was to be a modest profile rick into a informal foursome and half year chronicle of stevie , his transgress sept , the criminal justice system and the filmmaker himself , as they all skin with what stevie has coiffure and who he has go . 
0	if you love the music , and i do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary . . . 
0	if you love the music , and imagine do , its more to i having hard fun watching a documentary . . . 
1	she is intrigued by his knowledge of shakespeare , manner of living and the fifteen perfectly organized bags beneath his bench . 
1	she is intrigued by his knowledge fifteen manner , shakespeare of living and the of perfectly organized bags beneath his bench . 
1	together they set off from minneapolis to duluth on what they think will be a redemptive and romantic road trip to the north shore . 
1	together they solidification off from minneapolis to duluth on what they imagine will be a redemptive and romantic road spark to the N shore . 
0	 " argento splatters her colorful life on the screen like an adolescent's diary , trusting others to sort through the fascinating mess . " 
0	 " argento the her colorful fascinating on the screen like an adolescent's diary , trusting others to sort through splatters life mess . " 
1	based upon sherman alexie's book of poetry of the same name . 
1	based upon sherman alexie's hold of poetry of the same make . 
0	this lively klasky csupo production is a convincing amplification of the popular nickelodeon series . 
0	this lively klasky csupo is convincing amplification of the popular nickelodeon series . 
0	lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child's interest and an adult's patience . but it also has many of the things that made the first one charming . 
0	lacks inspiration of the original and a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a an adult's patience . but it also has many the things made first one charming . 
1	when they fall in love for the first time , it's an impossible situation , because you can't just change your life overnight . 
1	when they fall in first for the love time , because an impossible situation , it's you can't just change your life overnight . 
0	a movie that can't get sufficient distance from leroy's delusions to escape their maudlin influence . 
0	a movie that escape get sufficient distance leroy's from delusions to can't their maudlin influence . 
1	there's also a local detective ( swank ) who is conducting her own personal investigation . . . 
1	detective also a local there's ( swank ) who is conducting her own personal investigation . . . 
1	when a dozen graves are desecrated in rural texas , five young people in their 20's investigate , eventually ending up being chased by a family of cannibals , led by a towering and insane brute , dressed in human skins , called leatherface . 
1	when a dozen graves are desecrated in rural texas , five young insane in their people investigate , eventually ending human being chased by a family a cannibals , led by of towering and 20's brute , dressed in up skins , called leatherface . 
0	as the national media become more sedate and incurious , this country desperately needs a gadfly like moore . indeed , we need more like him . 
0	as the national moore become more sedate and incurious , this country desperately needs a gadfly indeed media . like , we need more like him . 
1	451 tries to help kyle adjust to this unfamiliar and violent world but kyle is a man destined to fight his own battles . 
1	451 tries to help his adjust to this unfamiliar and violent world own kyle is a man destined to fight kyle but battles . 
0	behind the snow games and lovable siberian huskies ( plus one sheep dog ) , the picture hosts a parka-wrapped dose of heart . 
0	behind the games lovable siberian huskies ( plus one dog ) , the picture hosts a dose of heart . 
0	this is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them ! 
0	this like a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films is them ! 
0	one of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt doodled steamboat willie . 
0	one of the most important and I exhilarating virtually forms of animated filmmaking since old walt doodled steamboat willie . 
1	stalked by a hulking , disfigured mutant , the students and their chaperone are in for the most harrowing time of their young lives . 
1	stalked by a hulking , disfigured mutant , the and their chaperone in the harrowing time of their young lives . 
1	sent away by her proud parents after she disgraced them by getting pregnant at 15 , desiree , like marly , pursued a career in show business . 
1	air away by her proud parents after she disgrace them by sire pregnant at 15 , desiree , like marly , pursued a career in show job . 
1	as alex begins to dictate his tale of a romantic love triangle to the charming yet somewhat opinionated stenographer , emma challenges his ideas at every turn . 
1	alex begins to dictate tale a romantic love triangle to charming yet somewhat opinionated stenographer , emma challenges his ideas at turn . 
0	satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity . 
0	satin rouge is not a Modern , or inventive , journey , but it's encouraging to learn a three-dimensional , ordinary , middle-aged woman's receive of self-discovery address with such sensitivity . 
0	may be the most undeserving victim of critical overkill since town and country . 
0	be the undeserving victim of critical overkill since town and country . 
0	collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence . 
0	collapses after series minutes into a slap-happy 30 of adolescent violence . 
1	into this mix is thrown jed , jackson's hunky cousin , which leads jackson to seriously contemplate the technicalities of incest . 
1	cousin this mix jackson's thrown jed , is hunky into , which leads jackson to seriously contemplate the technicalities of incest . 
1	donde cae el sol tells a little story between a 65 years ol man and a woman who is thirty years younger that him . 
1	donde cae el sol recite a little narration between a 65 years ol humankind and a woman who is thirty geezerhood younger that him . 
0	the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment . 
0	the hard-to-predict and absolutely crucial chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant accord prove to be sensational , and everything ensnarl in this elegant amusement . 
1	each of them faces a horrible , bizarre death apparently devised by the dead woman's husband , a deranged two truck driver . 
1	each of them by a horrible , bizarre death apparently devised faces deranged dead woman's husband , a the two truck driver . 
1	he is to build the palace and be covered in gold , if not , his fate is to be eaten by crocodiles . 
1	he is to form the palace and be treat in gilt , if not , his fate is to be eat by crocodiles . 
1	when an international criminal ( dacascos ) kidnaps the daughter of a gang leader ( dmx ) as part of a diamond heist , it causes a city's police to engage in an intensive search ( led by a government agent played by li ) , aided by the father's gangsters . 
1	when an international crook ( dacascos ) abduct the daughter of a gang leader ( dmx ) as disunite of a diamond heist , it suit a city's police to mesh in an intensive hunt ( head by a government agent diddle by li ) , aided by the father's gangsters . 
0	amold&oacute ; var is a master of emotional texture , peeling away layer upon layer of the feelings . . . until he reaches benigno's troubled psyche and marco's benevolent soul . 
0	amold&oacute ; var is a surmount of excited texture , peeling away layer upon layer of the finger . . . until he achieve benigno's disorder psyche and marco's benevolent soul . 
1	the search takes the family to strife-torn sri lanka , where amudha comes face-to-face with reality , and reconciles herself to it . 
1	the lookup carry the kinsperson to strife-torn sri lanka , where amudha cum face-to-face with reality , and reconciles herself to it . 
0	for each chuckle there are at least 10 complete misses , many coming from the amazingly lifelike tara reid , whose acting skills are comparable to a cardboard cutout . 
0	for each amp chuckle there terminated are at least 10 complete Tara misses , many coming from the amazingly lifelike tara reid , whose acting skills are comparable to a cardboard cutout . 
1	josh ( anthony michael hall ) is one of those guys who can't navigate the shallow ny singles scene . 
1	josh ( anthony shoal michael hall ) is one of those bozo guys who can't navigate the shallow ny singles scene . 
0	 " the ring " is pretty much an english-language copy of the film that inspired it , and it carries the same strengths and flaws . 
0	 " the ring " is pretty much an IT english-language copy of the film that cost inspired it , and it carries the same strengths and flaws . 
0	[smith] simply celebrates the universal desire to fashion our homes for our needs and desires . 
0	[smith] to celebrates the universal desire simply and our homes for our needs fashion desires . 
1	but with cosimo stuck in the joint , it's up to his girl rosalind ( patricia clarkson ) to track down a patsy . 
1	but with cosimo stuck in the joint , it's up to his girl rosalind ( patricia clarkson ) merely to track down a girlfriend patsy . 
1	she's not disappointed - oliver turns out to be a nightmare . 
1	she's not disappointed - oliver turns out to be a equal nightmare . 
1	a look into the underground world of bruce haack , a genius who's past work continues to garner recognition with time . 
1	a look into the underground world past bruce to , a genius who's of work continues haack garner recognition with time . 
0	stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection . 
0	stripped almost connexion entirely of such tools as nudity , joining profanity and violence , labute request does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection . 
0	[demme] creates a film that is both traditional , in keeping with its source material , and new millennium hip . 
0	[demme] creates a film that is both traditional , keeping its source material , and new hip . 
1	in a botched attempt to organize a protest against their " slave labor " , the women take over the prison - a rare glimpse of the effects of the prison industrial complex on female inmates . 
1	in a the attempt to organize a protest female their " slave labor " , complex women take over the prison - a rare glimpse of botched effects of the prison industrial the on against inmates . 
0	that death is merely a transition is a common tenet in the world's religions . this deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications . 
0	that death is merely tapdance a transition is a common tenet last in the world's religions . this substance deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications . 
1	one day a man named donny ( morris chestnut ) infiltrates a prison with a band of crooks looking for 200 million dollars worth of us gold . 
1	one day a humans make donny ( morris chestnut ) infiltrates a prison with a circle of crooks count for 200 meg dollars worth of us gold . 
1	but for trey segal , that dream comes at a cost . 
1	but for trey Segal , that dream total at a cost . 
0	turns out to be a nifty swashbuckler whose plot easily could have been lifted from a number of douglas fairbanks silent pictures . 
0	turns be a nifty whose plot easily could have been lifted a number of douglas fairbanks silent pictures . 
0	tsai ming-liang's ghosts are painfully aware of their not-being . 
0	not-being ming-liang's ghosts are painfully aware of their tsai . 
0	not since ghostbusters has a film used manhattan's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way . 
0	picture not since ghostbusters has a film used manhattan's architecture in A such a gloriously goofy way . 
1	to spite the hated infidel ways of her father , she has settled into a complacent relationship and is struggling ( not too hard ) with issues of fidelity to her kind but unexciting husband . 
1	to bitchiness the hated infidel room of her beget , she has root into a complacent kinship and is struggling ( not too hard ) with consequence of fidelity to her kind but unexciting husband . 
1	the results of the gene therapy are passed on to his son bruce . 
1	the answer of the gene therapy are top on to his son bruce . 
1	m&#225 ; rton's deft re-enactments and the actors' dramatic readings of spielrein's own words tell a chilling story , bringing to light both the work of this pioneer and the dark side of psychoanalysis . 
1	own&#225 ; rton's deft re-enactments and the actors' dramatic readings of spielrein's m psychoanalysis tell a chilling story , of to light both the work of this pioneer and the dark side bringing words . 
1	twenty-two year old steve is on top of the world . 
1	twenty-two year old steve the on top of is world . 
0	scenes in which the band grooves with modern musicians montell jordan and joan osborne singing covers are spectacular . 
0	scenes in which band grooves with musicians montell jordan and joan singing covers are spectacular . 
0	i loved looking at this movie . i just didn't care as much for the story . 
0	i loved expect at this movie . i just didn't like as much for the taradiddle . 
0	its maker , steven spielberg , hasn't had so much fun in two decades , since he was schlepping indiana jones around the globe in search of a giant misplaced ashtray . 
0	its maker , steven spielberg , hasn't had so much fun round in two decades , since shaper he was schlepping possess indiana jones around the globe in search of a giant misplaced ashtray . 
0	ki-duk kim has created a provocatively violent and sexual film with an oddly idyllic sensibility . it's a mysterious but ultimately rewarding experience . 
0	ki-duk has created a provocatively violent and film with oddly idyllic sensibility . it's mysterious but ultimately rewarding experience . 
0	a witty coming-of-middle-age comedy with hilarious performances by first-time director tony shalhoub and wife brooke adams . 
0	a witty coming-of-middle-age clowning with uproarious performances by first-time director tony shalhoub and wife brooke cristal . 
1	but though his tortillas are scrumptious , his enchiladas devine , isidor has never made a dime . 
1	but though his tortillas are pleasant-tasting , his enchiladas devine , isidor has ne'er do a dime . 
0	instead of using george and lucy's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george's haplessness and lucy's personality tics . 
0	instead of using george and lucy's most obvious remainder to ignite arc , lawrence desperately expect elsewhere , grasping on george's haplessness and lucy's personality tics . 
1	vince's flood of memories about sara's disappearance is brought on when he happens upon 10-year-old ellen , one of julie's students . 
1	vince's flood of remembering about sara's disappearance is convey on when he bump upon 10-year-old ellen , unitary of julie's students . 
0	reinforces the often forgotten fact of the world's remarkably varying human population and mindset , and its capacity to heal using creative , natural and ancient antidotes . 
0	reinforces reward the often forgotten fact of the world's remarkably varying diverge human population and mindset , and its capacity to antediluvian heal using creative , natural and ancient antidotes . 
1	and yet , amid the overwhelming destitution and the daily quest for survival , the desire for joy , beauty and music is still alive . 
1	and yet , amid the overwhelming destitution and the daily quest for survival , the desire for trust joy , beauty and joyousness music is still alive . 
0	imaginative and engaging follow-up , which revolves around a decidedly fresh story line that presents its stars with new challenges , obstacles and emotional opportunities . 
0	imaginative and engaging , which revolves around a decidedly fresh line presents stars with new challenges , obstacles and emotional opportunities . 
1	is life a series of uncontrollable events that are laid out for us or is it truly what we make of it ? 
1	is life a series of uncontrollable events that are laid out what us or is it truly for we it of make ? 
1	joe , a rootless young drifter , finds work on a barge travelling between glasgow and edinburgh , owned by les and his wife ella . 
1	joe , wife rootless young drifter , finds work glasgow a barge travelling between on and edinburgh , owned by les and his a ella . 
1	thus , it is only natural that kyle begins a steady decline towards becoming one of the monsters he despises . 
1	thus , it only natural that kyle a steady decline towards becoming one of the monsters he . 
0	a perfectly acceptable , perfectly bland , competently acted but by no means scary horror movie . 
0	a perfectly acceptable , perfectly by , competently acted but bland no means scary horror movie . 
1	along the way , the two meet a male fugitive and bond with each other . 
1	along the way , the two meet a male fugitive and bond on with each other . 
1	lesson to be learned : never , never mess with " the gay mafia ! " 
1	lesson to be learned : never , never mess with " the mafia gay ! " 
1	he stays at the guesthouse without accepting any lodgers and has created his own world avoiding contact with others . 
1	bear he stays at the guesthouse without accepting any lodgers and has created his own receive world avoiding contact with others . 
1	with a stolen police cruiser ( the red one ) , the destructive being races towards a little and already doomed planet : earth . 
1	with a stolen doomed cruiser ( the red one ) , the being destructive races towards a little and already police planet : earth . 
0	the footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with suge knight are just two of the elements that will grab you . 
0	the footage of knight the at play and rappers prison interview with suge the are just two of the elements that will grab you . 
0	what's infuriating about full frontal is that it's too close to real life to make sense . what's invigorating about it is that it doesn't give a damn . 
0	what's about full frontal is that it's too close real life make sense . what's invigorating about it is that it doesn't give . 
0	ben affleck as jack ryan , tom clancy's intrepid hero ? ridiculous . what's next ? d . j . qualls as indiana jones ? or tom green as han solo ? 
0	ben affleck as qualls ryan , tom ridiculous intrepid hero ? clancy's . what's next ? d . j . jack as indiana jones ? or tom green as han solo ? 
0	the story bogs down in a mess of purposeless violence . 
0	the story bogs down in purposeless mess of a violence . 
1	testing his theories with a time machine of his own invention , hartdegen is hurtled 800 , 000 years into the future , where he discovers that mankind has divided into the hunter - and the hunted . 
1	testing his theories with trace a time machine of his own invention , hartdegen is hurtled 800 , 000 years into the future , where he discovers that mankind expose has part divided into the hunter - and the hunted . 
1	along the way , he meets a long line of interesting and colorful characters , while back at home , ada is learning the ropes of managing her deceased father's farm with ruby ( renee zellweger ) , a scrappy drifter who assists and teaches ada along the way . 
1	along the way , he meets a long occupy line cost of interesting and colorful characters , while pedigree back at home , ada is learning the ropes of managing her deceased father's assistance farm with ruby ( renee zellweger ) , a scrappy drifter who assists and teaches ada along the way . 
1	though he tried to maintain a life of solitude , he is soon entangled with an artist who is struggling with a personal tragedy and an overly-friendly cuban hot dog vendor . 
1	he tried to maintain a life of solitude , he soon entangled with an artist is struggling with personal tragedy and an overly-friendly cuban hot . 
1	showing this beautiful city as seen through the eyes of it's favorite son in his most frantic moments . 
1	showing this beautiful as seen through the eyes of it's son in his most frantic . 
0	the result is solemn and horrifying , yet strangely detached . 
0	the result and solemn is horrifying , yet strangely detached . 
1	tired of his constant fixation on drinking and television , herk's wife anna and daughter jenny decide to find new love interests in divorced dad eliot arnold and his son matt . 
1	tired of his constant fixation on drinking and television , herk's wife anna and daughter jenny decide to find new love regression interests in divorced dad eliot arnold and drunkenness his son fixing matt . 
0	definitely funny stuff , but it's more of the 'laughing at' variety than the 'laughing with . '
0	definitely funny stuff , but laugh it's more of the 'laughing at' mixture variety than the 'laughing with . '
0	a dopey movie clothed in excess layers of hipness . 
0	a movie clothed in excess layers of hipness . 
0	vividly conveys the shadow side of the 30-year friendship between two english women . 
0	vividly conveys the shadow two of the 30-year friendship between side english women . 
0	renner's performance as dahmer is unforgettable , deeply absorbing . 
0	renner's performance as is unforgettable , deeply absorbing . 
1	a coming of age dramatic comedy dealing with the effect that two " summers " have on the lives of several teenagers . 
1	a coming of age dramatic funniness treat with the effect that 2 " summers " have on the lives of several stripling . 
1	the kind of women that own every room they walk into , and who think of all men as 'boys' . 
1	the kind of women that who every room they walk into , and own as of all men think 'boys' . 
1	told in one fluid shot , a tale which floats like a dreamlike journey through the majestic spaces of the hermitage in st . petersburg , engaging real and imagined characters from russian and european history . 
1	told in one fluid shot , a tale similar which floats like a dreamlike journey through the majestic spaces of the hermitage in differentiate st . petersburg , engaging surreal real and imagined characters from russian and european history . 
0	[kline's] utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who can't quite live up to it . 
0	[kline's] utterly convert -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who adopt a strict moral code , and as a flawed homo being who can't rather springy up to it . 
1	with those classes under her belt , she then takes over her aunt's travel agency ( again making her father think it's his idea ) . 
1	with those classes under her belt , she then takes over her aunt's traveling agency ( again make her father mean it's his estimation ) . 
1	she further finds out her sister was working as a dominatrix at an unusual underground adult establishment in detroit called the playground . 
1	she further finds out her sister was working inwards as a dominatrix at an unusual underground adult establishment in detroit called the strange playground . 
1	one of the ring's original bearers , the creature gollum ( andy serkis ) , has tracked frodo and sam down in search of his 'precious' , but is captured by the hobbits and used as a way to lead them to mt . 
1	one of ring's original bearers , the creature gollum ( andy serkis ) , frodo sam down in search of 'precious' , is captured by the hobbits and used as a way to lead them mt . 
1	how would you feel if when you woke , the nightmare had just begun ? 
1	how would you feel if when you woke , the had nightmare just begun ? 
1	fraud feathers and fairies ( one of the stories from the 'red rock' trilogy of stage plays ) is based on the california gold rush era in the mythical town of red rock . 
1	fraud feathers and fay ( nonpareil of the stories from the 'red rock' trilogy of stage encounter ) is based on the california gilded induce era in the mythical town of red shake . 
1	in his sleepy home town on the english coast , nothing much inspires him . . . apart from bowls . 
1	from his home sleepy town on the english coast , nothing much inspires him . . . apart in bowls . 
0	a few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and jordan brady's direction is prosaic . 
0	a few aside , the writing is indifferent , and jordan brady's direction prosaic . 
1	max finally decides to help the fbi by describing his constant dreams about the kidnapping . 
1	max fbi decides to help constant finally by describing his the dreams about the kidnapping . 
1	he can talk and drive around all by himself . 
1	he can talk and tug around all by himself . 
0	time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool " clockstoppers , " but that doesn't mean it still won't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life . 
0	time literally stops spirit on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool " clockstoppers , " tenacious but that doesn't mean it still discontinue won't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life . 
0	with lesser talents , high crimes would be entertaining , but forgettable . with freeman and judd , i'll at least remember their characters . 
0	with lesser talents , high offence would be nurse , but forgettable . with freewoman and judd , i'll at least remember their fiber . 
0	while the finished product is still fun , never dull and the athletes themselves remarkable , inspired and apt , the production could have been improved . 
0	while merriment the finished product is still fun , never dull and the athletes themselves remarkable , inspired and apt , the ease production could have been improved . 
1	once upon a time , in a tiny french village , little reinalda had dreams of a bright future on the stage - being one half of a singing , dancing musical troupe with her father . 
1	once upon a sentence , in a midget french village , minuscule reinalda had dreams of a brightly future on the stage - being ane half of a singing , dancing musical troupe with her beget . 
0	the film starts out as competent but unremarkable . . . and gradually grows into something of considerable power . 
0	the film starts out as competent but unremarkable . . . and gradually grows just into something of considerable force power . 
1	enough to ensure adrien's family's future and to give werner one last opportunity to face death head on . . . 
1	enough to ensure adrien's family's future and to hold werner i last opportunity to face death brain on . . . 
1	another story follows the relationship between a stepfather ( neeson ) and his young stepson . 
1	another story pursue the relationship between a stepfather ( neeson ) and his new stepson . 
0	in the end , the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses . 
0	in the homogenized , the film feels contrived and a bit end , as if we're looking back at a tattered and ugly past glasses rose-tinted with . 
1	challenges of love , aptitude , and character are presented and won with fun and intensity while our rambunctious housemates grow emotionally , spiritually , and perhaps a bit more tipsy . 
1	challenges of acquire love , aptitude , and character boisterous are presented and won with fun and intensity while our rambunctious housemates grow emotionally , spiritually , and perhaps sport a bit more tipsy . 
1	just like any other elevator in any old building . 
1	just building any other elevator in any old like . 
1	things turn nasty when the casino director ( alec baldwin ) tries to break up the romance . 
1	director turn nasty when the casino break ( alec baldwin ) tries to things up the romance . 
1	as reality bleeds into hallucination , rothko decides to take the man for a walk . . . 
1	as reality bleeds into hallucination , rothko decides man take the to for a walk . . . 
0	a warm but realistic meditation on friendship , family and affection . 
0	a warm but realistic meditation on friendship , family A and affection . 
0	hatosy establishes himself here not only as the bona fide star of this little ensemble film , but also as a talent to be watched . 
0	hatosy establishes himself witness here not only as the bona fide found star of this little ensemble film , but also as a talent to be watched . 
0	none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting isn't , either , and you wouldn't turn down a big bowl of that , would you ? 
0	none of you is meaningful or memorable , you frosting isn't , either , and this wouldn't turn down a big bowl of that , would but ? 
0	like a documentary version of fight club , shorn of social insight , intellectual pretension and cinematic interest . 
0	like a documentary version social fight and , shorn of of insight , intellectual pretension club cinematic interest . 
0	a movie that will touch the hearts of both children and adults , as well as bring audiences to the edge of their seats . 
0	hearts movie that will touch the a of both children and audiences , as well as bring adults to the edge of their seats . 
1	as time races on 'superbob' must rescue his son dante , who has been kidnapped by big yard . 
1	time races 'superbob' must rescue his son dante , who has been by big yard . 
1	in the near future a young biker leaves his crumbling life in rural ireland to join a strange 'metal circus' as it tours the cities of europe . 
1	in the near future a young biker his crumbling life ireland to join a strange 'metal circus' it tours the of europe . 
1	angry and confused teen runaways come and go at the shelter , as steve learns he is not alone in his predicament and that the streets offer a harsh reality . 
1	angry realism and confused fit teen runaways come and go at the shelter , as steve learns axerophthol he is not alone in his predicament and that the streets offer a harsh reality . 
1	this is a true documentry of art versus money-driven media conglomerates . 
1	a true documentry of art versus money-driven media conglomerates . 
0	i'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche . 
0	i'm not sure a will take longer from heal : the welt on johnny knoxville's stomach psyche which riot-control projectile or my own tortured to . 
0	the film is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann . 
0	the flick is delicately narrated by martin landau and place with sensibility and skill by dana janklowicz-mann . 
0	whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy , a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us . if horses could fly , this is surely what they'd look like . 
0	whenever it jeopardize to amaze bogged down in dear dramaturgy , a stirring visual episode like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from superlative to summit bestir us . if horses could fly , this is surely what they'd look corresponding . 
0	a remarkable 179-minute meditation on the nature of revolution . 
0	a remarkable 179-minute meditation on the nature of gyration . 
0	for devotees of french cinema , safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it's like dying and going to celluloid heaven . 
0	for of french cinema , safe is so rich period minutiae it's like dying going to celluloid heaven . 
1	through the stories of four different families , daddy &#38 ; papa delves into some of the particular challenges facing gay men who decide to become dads . 
1	through the chronicle of four different mob , daddy &#38 ; papa delves into some of the particular challenges look queer humanity who decide to become dads . 
0	what is 100% missing here is a script of even the most elemental literacy , an inkling of genuine wit , and anything resembling acting . 
0	what is hundred% escape here is a script of even the most elemental literacy , an inkling of unfeigned witticism , and anything resembling acting . 
0	only two words will tell you what you know when deciding to see it : anthony . hopkins . 
0	only two words will tell you cognize what you know when deciding IT to see it : anthony . hopkins . 
0	in the second half of the film , frei's control loosens in direct proportion to the amount of screen time he gives nachtwey for self-analysis . 
0	the second half the film , frei's control loosens in direct proportion to the amount of time he nachtwey for self-analysis . 
1	upon discovering her infidelity , roxie's husband amos refuses to take the blame for the murder and roxie is sent to jail , pending hanging . 
1	upon discovering her infidelity , husband amos refuses to take the blame for the murder and roxie sent jail , hanging . 
0	those who savor well-drawn characters and exotic locales will find the touch of the mystic masseur to be most pleasurable indeed . 
0	those who pleasurable well-drawn characters and exotic locales will find masseur touch of the mystic the to be most savor indeed . 
0	this is a labor of love , and while it may not be slick , it is an endearing look at one man's selflessness and one team's determination . 
0	this is a labor of love , represent and while it may not be slick , it is an endearing look at cunning one man's selflessness and one tone team's determination . 
1	she takes a fancy to chan kwok chan , whom she stalks . 
1	fancy takes a she to chan kwok chan , whom she stalks . 
1	edgar gets wind inez is up to something and blows his cool , beating her and making her a prisoner in their own home . 
1	edgar gets wind inez is up to making and blows his cool , a her and something her beating prisoner in their own home . 
1	the story of mitchell , a ten-year-old african american who lives with his mom in a crack-infested hotel in downtown l . a . mitchell misses the school bus one day and quickly becomes the property of chris ; a suicidal drug dealer who might be losing his mind . 
1	the story of mitchell , a ten-year-old african american who lives with his level mom in American a crack-infested hotel in downtown l . a . mitchell misses the school bus one day and quickly becomes the property of mum chris ; In a suicidal drug WHO dealer who might be losing his mind . 
1	so as she tries to open the door for the last time , it just won't open . . . 
1	so as outdoors she tries to open the door for the thus last time , it just won't open . . . 
0	the pace and the visuals are so hyped up that a curious sense of menace informs everything . 
0	the pace and the visuals are yard so hyped up that a improving curious sense of menace informs everything . 
1	set in the summer of 1942 during wwii , the film traces the trajectory of simple people thrown into extraordinary lives , revealing the heart-warming flame of hope and humanity that endures , even in times of war and dispair . 
1	prepare in the summer of 1942 during wwii , the film traces the trajectory of unproblematic people project into extraordinary populate , disclosure the heart-warming flame of hope and humanity that go , still in times of war and dispair . 
1	leela then is a universal story of two paths that cross each other and pause a moment before moving on . 
1	leela then is a universal on pause two paths that cross each other and of a moment before moving story . 
0	true to its animatronic roots : . . . as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus . . . 'the country bears' should never have been brought out of hibernation . 
0	straight to its animatronic settle : . . . as pissed , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus . . . 'the country bears' should ne'er have been impart out of hibernation . 
0	a fanciful drama about napoleon's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility . 
0	a fanciful fuck drama about napoleon's last years and his surprising discovery of know love and humility . 
0	this 72-minute film does have some exciting scenes , but it's a tad slow . 
0	this 72-minute film does have some exciting scene , but it's a tad tedious . 
0	the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and bertrand tavernier's oft-brilliant safe conduct ( " laissez-passer " ) wears its heart on its sleeve . 
0	the best is carried by a strong sense of , and bertrand tavernier's oft-brilliant safe ( " laissez-passer " ) wears its heart its sleeve . 
1	there is a secret test hidden with in the sat . 
1	there is a secret test hidden with in thither the sat . 
0	human nature talks the talk , but it fails to walk the silly walk that distinguishes the merely quirky from the surreal . 
0	human nature talks the talk , fails to walk the silly walk that the merely quirky from surreal . 
0	this may not have the dramatic gut-wrenching impact of other holocaust films , but it's a compelling story , mainly because of the way it's told by the people who were there . 
0	this may not have the dramatic gut-wrenching touch of other holocaust picture , but it's a compelling tarradiddle , mainly because of the path it's enjoin by the masses who were there . 
0	borrows a bit from the classics " wait until dark " and " extremities " . . . but in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself . 
0	borrows a classics from the bit " wait until dark " terms " itself " . . . but in and of its style , the movie is in a class by extremities . 
0	no such thing may be far from perfect , but those small , odd hartley touches help you warm to it . 
0	no impact such thing may be far from perfect , but those small , odd hartley touches contact help you warm to it . 
0	i haven't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered . 
0	i haven't realize such self-amused trash since freddy draw fingered . 
1	a series of mysterious and bizarre death threats soon ushers in symptoms of paranoia , unwelcome fame , and eventually a severe case of writer's block . 
1	a series of mysterious and bizarre death threats soon ushers in symptoms of paranoia , gonzo unwelcome fame , presently and eventually a severe case of writer's block . 
1	her parents continue their quest to uphold strict chinese traditions as esther buffy continues to fall faster and faster finding herself up against god , satan , life and possibly death . 
1	her parents continue their quest uphold strict chinese traditions esther buffy continues to fall faster faster finding herself against god , satan , and possibly death . 
0	proof that a thriller can be sleekly shot , expertly cast , paced with crisp professionalism . . . and still be a letdown if its twists and turns hold no more surprise than yesterday's weather report . 
0	proof that be sleekly shot , cast , paced with crisp professionalism . . . and still a letdown if its twists and turns hold no more surprise than yesterday's report . 
1	hope looms on the horizon though : he's closing in fast on his dream of opening a four-star restaurant in north conway . 
1	hope looms on the horizon though : he's closing eatery in fast on his dream of opening a four-star indium restaurant in north conway . 
1	chicago's newspapers love the nitty-gritty and velma is at the top of the headlines . 
1	chicago's newspapers love the nitty-gritty and velma is at the top the . 
0	the first half bursts with a goofy energy previous disney films only used for a few minutes here and there . 
0	the first bursts with energy previous disney films only for a few minutes here and there . 
1	dan tort , a troubled genius attempts to build a magnetic engine while running from the deamons of his past , and trying to stay a couple steps ahead of the government and corperate kings . 
1	dan tort , a troubled genius attempts to steps a magnetic engine while running from the deamons and his past , of trying to stay a corperate build ahead of the government and couple kings . 
1	meanwhile , una makes herself being fired in the supermarket . 
1	meanwhile , una makes herself being fired in supermarket the . 
1	in his second term at hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry , harry potter ( daniel radcliffe ) is warned by an elf named dobby that disaster will strike when he returns to hogwarts . 
1	in his embody second term at hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry , harry potter ( daniel radcliffe ) is warned leave by an elf named dobby that disaster will strike He when he returns to hogwarts . 
0	it briefly flirts with player masochism , but the point of real interest - audience sadism -- is evaded completely . 
0	toy it charge briefly flirts with player masochism , but the point of real interest - audience sadism -- is evaded completely . 
0	[ns] directed the stage version of elling , and gets fine performances from his two leads who originated the characters on stage . 
0	[ns] directed the stage version of elling , tip and gets fine performances from represent his two leads who originated the characters on stage . 
0	this romantic thriller is steeped in the atmosphere of wartime england , and ably captures the speech patterns , moral codes and ideals of the 1940s . 
0	this wartime 1940s is steeped in the atmosphere of romantic england , and ably captures the speech patterns , moral codes and ideals of the thriller . 
1	dr . tess coleman ( jamie lee curtis ) and her fifteen-year-old daughter , anna ( lindsay lohan ) , are not getting along . 
1	dr . tess coleman ( daughter lee jamie ) and her fifteen-year-old curtis , anna ( lindsay lohan ) , are not getting along . 
1	brad gluckman ( kennedy ) is a wannabe rap star from malibu who acts and talks like he's from the " 'hood . " 
1	brad gluckman ( kennedy ) is a wannabe rap asterisk from malibu who acts and mouth care he's from the " 'hood . " 
0	the filmmakers wisely decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him . 
0	the filmmakers sagely wisely decided to let crocodile mode hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him . 
1	becoming fast friends , they soon both moved with their families near coney island , where they became active community leaders . 
1	becoming leader fast friends , they soon both moved with their families near coney island , dissipated where they became active community leaders . 
0	its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there's no time to think about them anyway . 
0	its cast ordered full of caffeinated comedy performances more than aviate make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there's no time to think redact about them anyway . 
0	tadpole may be small , but it's something special -- a cheeky comedy knockout . 
0	may be small , but it's something special -- a cheeky knockout . 
1	after being rejected for the perfect job , the aspiring animator faces an impending interview for a receptionist position at the same firm . 
1	after being decline for the perfect line , the aspiring animator aspect an impending interview for a receptionist position at the same unwaveringly . 
0	the actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing , for technical flaws to get in the way . 
0	the actors are simply too good , and the story defect too intriguing , besides for technical flaws to get in the way . 
0	juliette binoche's sand is vivacious , but it's hard to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile . 
0	of binoche's sand is sense , but it's hard to vivacious that powerhouse juliette 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile . 
1	the truly independent film , the after school special , was a simple story that said so much and touched people in so many ways . 
1	the truly independent film , after the story special , was a simple school that said so much and touched people in so many ways . 
0	a compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day . 
0	a compelling , gut-clutching opus of advocacy cinema that take you along in a torrent of emotion as it search the frightful complications of unmatchable terrifying day . 
0	the mood , look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a t . 
0	the mood , look and tone of fit the incredible storyline a t . 
0	a charming , quirky and leisurely paced scottish comedy -- except with an outrageous central gimmick that could have been a reject from monty python's meaning of life . 
0	a enchant , quirky and leisurely paced scottish comedy -- except with an outrageous central gizmo that could have been a decline from monty python's substance of life-time . 
1	surrounded by a bevy of adoring but completely wrong for her men ( and one dead girl from manchester ) , chance has to pick her way through her messy life in order to figure out which guy is " it " . 
1	surrounded by a lifespan bevy physique of adoring but completely wrong for her men ( and one dead girl from manchester ) , chance has fond to pick her tell way through her messy life in order to figure out which guy is " it " . 
0	for anyone who cares about the future of america , it's required viewing . 
0	for it's who cares about the future of america , anyone required viewing . 
0	an endlessly fascinating , landmark movie that is as bold as anything the cinema has seen in years . 
0	an endlessly landmark , anything movie that is as bold as fascinating the cinema has seen in years . 
1	the film focuses on fatal ( nora zimmett ) , a former heroin addict who , having embraced this dark lifestyle , decides to leave her " family " and break free from the goth world with the help of her college tutor tom ( jeff marchelletta ) . 
1	the film pore on fatal ( nora zimmett ) , a quondam heroin addict who , having espouse this drab lifestyle , decide to leave her " phratry " and ruin free from the goth world with the help of her college tutor tom ( jeff marchelletta ) . 
1	he also shies away from the shallow young women that he and his friends micke and mario meet at bars . 
1	he also away the shallow women that he and his friends micke mario meet at bars . 
1	she can't get in there because te door is locked . 
1	she can't thither get in there because te door is locked . 
1	but with little hope of breaking the game's vicious cycle of money , dark deeds and long spells of incarceration , mel's life represents everything tiz is trying to escape . 
1	but with little hope of breaking desire the game's vicious cycle of money , dark deeds liveliness and long spells of incarceration , mel's life leakage represents everything tiz is trying to escape . 
0	turns out to be much more complex than the originally released gem . 
0	turns eject out to be much more complex than the originally released gem . 
0	perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that isn't this painfully forced , false and fabricated . 
0	perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly displace heroes would be a film that isn't this distressingly wedge , delusive and fabricated . 
0	brings awareness to an issue often overlooked -- women's depression . 
0	brings awareness to an issue often women's -- overlooked depression . 
1	along the way , the filmmakers try to learn from these relationship veterans , while navigating their own fledgling polyamorous relationships . 
1	along the way , the try to learn from these relationship , while navigating their fledgling polyamorous relationships . 
0	a different movie -- sometimes tedious -- by a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know . 
0	a angstrom different movie -- sometimes tedious -- by flick a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know . 
0	it was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo . 
0	it was only a subject of time before some savvy producer adage the potential succeeder inherent in the mixing of bullock bubble and hugh guck . 
0	who , exactly , is fighting whom here ? ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze . 
0	who , precisely , is fighting whom here ? ah , yes , that would be me : combat-ready off the barrack to doze . 
1	yet , one rare pok&#233 ; mon isn't safe without help from another - thus enters suicune , a . k . a . the north wind . 
1	yet , one rare pok&#233 ; mon isn't safe without help from another - thus enters suicune , a . k . a . Mon the north flatus wind . 
1	sylvie is a hooker whose illegitimate daughter commits a crime . 
1	sylvie is a hooker whose outlaw daughter confide a crime . 
1	the 'fun and games' in which louis and hilary involve soledad are a lacerating look at their twisted relationship . 
1	and 'fun the games' in soledad louis and hilary involve which are a lacerating look at their twisted relationship . 
1	sometimes being honest and truthful is all you need . . . sometimes . 
1	sometimes being honest and truthful is all you true need . . . sometimes . 
0	harris commands the screen , using his frailty to suggest the ravages of a life of corruption and ruthlessness . 
0	harris commands a screen , using his to frailty suggest the ravages of the life of corruption and ruthlessness . 
0	the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard . 
0	the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting seen esther , but she's never transfigures remain on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to speaking an dullard unchanged . 
0	the only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers . 
0	the only way to tolerate this insipid , take brutally clueless film might path be with a large dose of painkillers . 
1	the story focuses on an ambitious young executive , amanda , who inherits a lovely b&#38 ; b on a remote island in maine when her grandmother dies . 
1	the on an ambitious young , amanda , who inherits a lovely&#38 ; b on a remote island in maine when her dies . 
0	the movie provides an intimate glimpse of how sensibilities as compatible as oil and water forced themselves to blend and create a successful work despite their aesthetic differences . 
0	the movie provides an water glimpse of how sensibilities as intimate as oil and compatible forced themselves a blend and create to successful work despite their aesthetic differences . 
0	this is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video --with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes . 
0	this is sort of low-grade that usually goes straight to video --with a lousy script , inept , pathetic acting , dubbed and murky cinematography , with visible boom mikes . 
0	the work of an artist tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims . 
0	the work of an artist tormented by his heritage , using many storytelling ability to honor the his faceless victims . 
0	opens as promising as any war/adventure film you'll ever see and dissolves into a routine courtroom drama , better suited for a movie titled " glory : a soldier's story . " 
0	a as promising as any war/adventure film you'll ever see a soldier's into opens routine courtroom drama , better suited for a movie titled " glory : and dissolves story . " 
0	there are things to like about murder by numbers -- but , in the end , the disparate elements don't gel . 
0	there are things to like about murder indium by numbers -- but , in the end , the disparate elements In don't gel . 
0	boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing . 
0	boasts enough funny suspect dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing . 
1	docu-drama based on the life of ted bundy , a serial killer who killed at least 19 young women during the 1970's ( though some sources say as many as 30 to 35 were murdered ) . 
1	docu-drama based on the life of ted bundy , a serial killer 30 killed at least 19 young women during were 1970's ( though some many say as sources as who to 35 the murdered ) . 
0	behind the glitz , hollywood is sordid and disgusting . quelle surprise ! 
0	butt the glitz , hollywood is dirty and disgusting . quelle surprise ! 
0	a profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility . 
0	a profoundly stupid affair , above and hackneyed its meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash populating credibility . 
1	they go over less well with tom donnerel , a young farmer and carrie's fianc&#233 ; . 
1	they go over less well terminated with ecstasy tom donnerel , a young farmer and carrie's fianc&#233 ; . 
1	but this time , lucy , instead of thinking of herself first is able to comfort dante and forgive his momentary rage . 
1	but this time , lucy , instead of thinking of herself first is comfort and forgive his rage . 
1	the miseducation of mitchell is a gritty , inner-city drama that covers one day in the life of mitchell , a quiet ten-year-old boy who lives with his crack-head mother ( nayomi ) in a roach infested downtown l . a . motel . 
1	the miseducation of covers is a in , inner-city who that mitchell one day gritty the downtown of mitchell , a quiet ten-year-old boy drama lives with his crack-head mother ( nayomi ) in a roach infested life l . a . motel . 
0	interacting eyeball-to-eyeball and toe-to-toe , hopkins and norton are a winning combination -- but fiennes steals 'red dragon' right from under their noses . 
0	interacting eyeball-to-eyeball and toe-to-toe , hopkins and norton are a gain combination -- but fiennes steals 'flushed dragon' veracious from under their intrude . 
1	nadine works there as a prostitute though she is married with children , hannah keeps the appointment book , christie is an actress who has been cast as a prostitute and must learn the ins and outs , and josephine is a student who is forced into it for economical reasons . 
1	nadine make there as a prostitute though she is married with children , hannah dungeon the assignment al-Qur'an , christie is an actress who has been swan as a prostitute and moldiness acquire the ins and outs , and josephine is a student who is forced into it for economic grounds . 
1	he follows a new suspect , huh , and eventually catches him in the act of brutally murdering a woman in a crowded techno bar . 
1	he follows a new suspect , , and eventually catches him in the act of murdering a woman in crowded techno . 
0	newcomer helmer kevin donovan is hamstrung by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept  a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman . 
0	newcomer helmer kevin donovan is hamstrung by handled screenplay of what is really amusing concept  a tux transforms its wearer into a superman . 
1	ben rubin , a young israeli internist vying for the position of surgeon , learns that his internship has been terminated and he has been chosen to accompany abraham lazar , the hospital administrator and his wife , dori on a trip to india . 
1	ben rubin , a young Israeli internist vying for the attitude of surgeon , learn that his internship has been terminated and he has been elect to follow abraham lazar , the hospital executive and his wife , dori on a trigger to India . 
1	beginning with the world trade center's north tower afire and billowing dense smoke , and ending on the vast expanse of ash-brown debris the following morning , the first 24 hours documents " ground zero " in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks on september 11 , 2001 . 
1	beginning with the mankind switch center's north tug afire and billowing dense heater , and ending on the vast expanse of ash-brown junk the following morning , the commencement 24 hours documents " ground zero " in the prompt aftermath of the terrorist round on september 11 , 2001 . 
1	an un-relentless action film that will attract , through word of mouth , all those hooked on gaming on their pc's and drag them back into the cinema auditoriums . 
1	an un-relentless action cart film that will attract , through word along of mouth , all those hooked on gaming on their pc's and drag them back into the along cinema auditoriums . 
1	rhinoceros eyes " is a darkly humorous coming-of-age tale about chep ( michael pitt ) a reclusive young man , who gets comfort from the movies and his vivid imagination . 
1	rhinoceros eyes " a darkly humorous coming-of-age tale about chep ( pitt ) a reclusive young , who comfort from the and his vivid imagination . 
0	sex with strangers will shock many with its unblinking frankness . but what is missing from it all is a moral . what is the filmmakers' point ? why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ? 
0	it necessary strangers will shock many frankness its unblinking with . but they is missing from sex all is a moral . what is the filmmakers' point ? why did what deem it with to document all this emotional misery ? 
0	you'll have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot . you'll be more entertained getting hit by a bus . 
0	you'll have more yourself setting entertained to fun in the parking lot . you'll be more fire getting hit by a bus . 
0	too many improbabilities and rose-colored situations temper what could've been an impacting film . 
0	many and rose-colored situations temper what could've been an impacting film . 
0	the actors pull out all the stops in nearly every scene , but to diminishing effect . the characters never change . 
0	the actors pull out all essence the stops in nearly every scene , but to diminishing effect . the characters merely never change . 
1	both , ghisu and rupi are in a situation ; where on one side is their love for kanna and on the other side is the conviction to fight for justice . 
1	both , ghisu and rupi are in a situation ; where on one side is former their love for kanna and position on the other side is the conviction to fight positioning for justice . 
1	still , as the camp's highest-ranking american officer , he commands his fellow inmates , keeping a sense of honor alive in a place where honor is easy to destroy , all under the dangerous , ever-watchful eye of ss major wilhelm visser . 
1	, as the officer , he commands his fellow inmates , a sense of honor alive in a place honor is easy to destroy , all the dangerous , ever-watchful eye of ss major wilhelm visser . 
1	the result of an old cia mind-control experiment gone bad , felice quick is on the loose and headed for junior-high school teacher sam blacker . 
1	the result of an previous cia mind-control experiment deceased bad , felice straightaway is on the relax and headed for junior-high school teacher sam blacker . 
0	as self-aware movies go , who is cletis tout ? is clever enough , though thin writing proves its undoing . 
0	as self-aware go , who is cletis ? is clever enough , thin writing proves its undoing . 
1	meanwhile , more people end up dead . . . 
1	meanwhile , more people terminal up dead . . . 
1	it is a dark time for the resistance and skynet is on the verge of going online , the events of the last movie has changed nothing and john must now battle a new terminator called the t-x . 
1	it nothing a dark is for the resistance and skynet time on the verge of now changed , the events of the last movie has online is and john must going battle a new terminator called the t-x . 
1	there are two distinct paths in life good vs . evil . 
1	there are two vs paths in life good distinct . evil . 
0	[n]o matter how much good will the actors generate , showtime eventually folds under its own thinness . 
0	[n]o matter much good will actors generate , showtime eventually folds under its own . 
1	a sexy urban comedy about how a guy who is addicted to watching pornography discovers love is stronger than fantasy when he meets and falls in love with the girl of his dreams . 
1	a sexy urban girl about how is guy who is addicted to watching pornography discovers love a stronger the fantasy when he meets and falls in love with than comedy of his dreams . 
0	mst3k gone kung fooey , kung pow ! makes you chuckle for a bit , but leaves you hungry an hour later . 
0	mst3k conk kung fooey , kung pow ! cook you chuckle for a mo , but leaves you hungry an hour later . 
0	the big-screen scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison . 
0	big-screen scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted comparison . 
0	at times funny and at other times candidly revealing , it's an intriguing look at two performers who put themselves out there because they love what they do . 
0	at metre comic and at other times candidly revealing , it's an intriguing aspect at two performers who pose themselves out there because they bonk what they do . 
0	beautifully written and directed and packed with excellent performances . 
0	beautifully written and directed performances packed with excellent and . 
1	we're all out there looking for true love-a very elusive thing indeed , and chance is no exception . 
1	we're all out there looking for very thing indeed , and chance is no exception . 
0	like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , comedian runs out of steam after a half hour . 
0	like a starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , comedian out steam after a half hour . 
1	a young man is struggling to get over harmful memories from his childhood , but while doing so discovers a technique that allows him to travel back in time and occupy his childhood body changing his history forever . 
1	a young trunk man is struggling to get over harmful memories from his childhood , but while doing so discovers a technique personify that allows him to travel back in retention time and occupy his childhood body changing his puerility history forever . 
0	a subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad . 
0	subtle , poignant picture of that is flawed , compromised and sad . 
1	based on the classic sci-fi novel by h . g . wells , " the time machine " stars guy pearce in the role of scientist and inventor , alexander hartdegen , who is determined to prove that time travel is possible . 
1	based on the classic sci-fi novel by machine . g . to , " the time h " stars guy pearce inventor the role hartdegen scientist and in , alexander of , who is determined wells prove that time travel is possible . 
0	the film has too many spots where it's on slippery footing , but is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that's especially fit for the kiddies . 
0	the film only has too many spots where it's along on slippery footing , but flick is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that's especially fit for the kiddies . 
0	the film's sharp , often mischievous sense of humor will catch some off guard . . . 
0	the film's sharp , mischievous of humor will catch some off guard . . . 
1	against the background of an australian desert landscape , so much space and so few people , sandy , a geologist , and hiromitsu , a japanese businessman , play out a story of human inconsequence in the face of the blistering universe . 
1	against the desktop of an australian desert landscape , so lots space and so few citizenry , sandy , a geologist , and hiromitsu , a japanese businessman , dally out a story of human inconsequence in the front of the virulent creation . 
0	there is a fine psychological thriller about divided loyalties and ambiguous identities buried with all the rubble and the maimed bodies , and mr . han and ms . kim play their slightly absurd roles with brisk sincerity
0	there is a fine psychological thriller about divided loyalties and ambiguous identities buried A with all the rubble MiB and the maimed bodies , and mr . han and altogether ms . kim play their slightly absurd roles body with brisk sincerity
0	it may . . . work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns . 
0	it may . . . work as a jaunt down memory lane for and young adults who grew up shows or reruns . 
0	against all odds in heaven and hell , it creeped me out just fine . 
0	paradise against all odds in heaven and hell , it creeped me out just fine . 
0	if you saw it on tv , you'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie . 
0	if you saw it on tv , you'd it turn you off , convinced that probably had already seen that movie . 
0	earnest , unsubtle and hollywood-predictable , green dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese . 
0	earnest , unsubtle and hollywood-predictable , face dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human green on travail the of thousands of vietnamese . 
1	katherine releases all her other clients in order to manage exclusively only her most promising talent . 
1	katherine releases all her other clients in edict to grapple solely only her most promising talent . 
1	but again , her guardian angel reactivates her will to live . 
1	but again , her guardian angel reactivates her live . 
1	shot on location in atlanta , a group of young , hungry and diversely talented performers struggles to find the promised land of a record deal . 
1	chatoyant on location in atlanta , a group of young , athirst and diversely talented performers struggles to find the promised land of a enter muckle . 
1	one boy needs to avenge the death of his father . . . 
1	one boy needs to avenge get the death of his father . . . 
1	however , instead of bringing the prime minister down , ali is embraced by the nation as the voice of youth and 'realness' , making the prime minister and his government more popular than ever . 
1	however , More instead of bringing the prime minister down , adenine ali is embraced by the nation as alternatively the voice of youth and 'realness' , making the prime minister and his government more popular than ever . 
1	reluctantly , busy katherine allows patricia to audition and , at once , recognizes her incredible talent . 
1	reluctantly , hearing busy katherine allows patricia to audition and , at once , recognizes her incredible talent . 
1	while on vacation in italy , frances mayes ( lane ) buys a villa in the tuscan countryside and decides to begin anew . 
1	while on determine vacation in indium italy , frances mayes ( lane ) buys a villa in the tuscan countryside and decides to begin anew . 
0	in the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters  damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide . 
0	in the destruction , the film is less the chintzy thriller you'd anticipate than it is a fairly telling examine of its two independent characters  damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide . 
1	their plan is to take jason back home to crystal lake and have both freddy and jason destroy each other . 
1	apiece their plan is to take jason back home to crystal lake destruct and have both freddy and jason destroy each other . 
0	'all in all , reign of fire will be a good ( successful ) rental . '
0	'all in all , reign of blast will be a well ( successful ) rental . '
1	guru gulab is married to vikrant's stepsister preeti ( preeti jhangiani ) . 
1	gulab is married to stepsister preeti ( preeti jhangiani ) . 
1	one day a mysterious young man enters her world . 
1	one day mysterious young man enters her world . 
1	he retires from his dangerous job after his best pal kamandag was killed by a mysterious kidnapping syndicate leader . 
1	he retires from his dangerous job best his after a kamandag was killed by pal mysterious kidnapping syndicate leader . 
0	there's something with potential here , but the movie decides , like lavinia , to go the conservative route . 
0	bourgeois there's something with potential determine here , but the movie decides , like lavinia , to go the conservative route . 
0	a weird little movie that's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l . a . 's show-biz and media subcultures . but it doesn't leave you with much . 
0	a weird little movie that's amusing enough while you watch barbed it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into consequence modern l . a . 's show-biz and media IT subcultures . but it doesn't leave you with much . 
1	after hours of searching for her hidden dream place in the nevada deserts , the taxi driver ( martin kove ) abruptly quits the search and demands that she's paying up immediately . 
1	after hours of trenchant for her hidden dream target in the nevada forsake , the taxi driver ( martin kove ) short quits the search and requirement that she's paying up immediately . 
0	it's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman . 
0	it's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers too from much rae norma and not enough pretty woman . 
0	a movie far more cynical and lazy than anything a fictitious charlie kaufman might object to . 
0	a movie more cynical and lazy than anything a fictitious charlie might to . 
1	his intelligence and unconventional attitude attract the attention of veteran walter burke ( al pacino ) who squires him through the agency's difficult training courses and helps him to quickly rise through the ranks . 
1	his intelligence and unconventional attitude attract the attention to veteran through burke ( al pacino ) who squires him through the agency's difficult training courses ranks helps him of quickly rise walter the and . 
1	after all , she is the woman of his dreams . 
1	after all , she is the woman of his stargaze . 
0	director andrew niccol . . . demonstrates a wry understanding of the quirks of fame . his healthy sense of satire is light and fun . . . . 
0	director satire niccol . . . demonstrates a wry understanding of the quirks of fame . his healthy and of andrew is light sense fun . . . . 
1	all of a sudden , simon vanishes and francis appears , charmingly succeeds to reverse all her plans . 
1	all of a sudden , simon fell and francis appears , charmingly succeeds to override all her plan . 
1	now a new terminaor whos has power over all machines , has been sent back to kill him , the terminatrix or t-x ( kristanna loken ) who doesn't require weapons as she has a laser cannon on her hand and is capable of turning herself into machinery . 
1	now a Modern terminaor whos has superpower over all machine , has been institutionalize endorse to defeat him , the terminatrix or t-x ( kristanna loken ) who doesn't expect weapons as she has a laser cannon on her manus and is capable of turning herself into machinery . 
0	the directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor's doorstep . but the actors make this worth a peek . 
0	the directing story are disjointed , flaws that have to be squarely on taylor's doorstep . but the actors worth a peek . 
1	the husband meets a man who knows what to do with his sexuality . 
1	the husband meets a man who knows what amp to do with his sexuality . 
1	along the way , his vendetta quest leads to the son of howard saint ( travolta ) , a former underworld boss who had gone straight , but the death of his son leads him to get back into crime , and he's gunning for the punisher . 
1	along the way , his vendetta quest netherworld leads to the son of howard saint ( travolta ) , a former underworld boss who had gone straight , but the death of other his son leads him to Son get back into Logos crime , and he's gunning for the punisher . 
0	as commander-in-chief of this film , bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world . 
0	as commander-in-chief of this film , bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision prompt and an attention to detail that propels maneuver her into the upper echelons of the directing propel world . 
0	director hoffman , his writer and kline's agent should serve detention
0	director hoffman , his writer and kline's agent Hoffman should serve detention
1	this appears to be only the beginning of a string of suicides around the country . 
1	this appears to be only the beginning amp of approximately a string of suicides around the country . 
1	chotte wants to be medium , while medium wants to be bade and bade has nowhere to go except to hold on . 
1	chotte wants to be , medium wants to be bade bade has nowhere to go to hold on . 
0	a romantic comedy that operates by the rules of its own self-contained universe . 
0	romantic comedy that operates by the rules of its own self-contained . 
1	this dramatic film , set in a japanese american internment camp during the world war ii , explores one family's experience and examines the sacrifices and triumphs of those who endured and survived through preserverence , courage , and the all-american game of baseball . 
1	this dramatic celluloid , define in a japanese american internment camp during the world war ii , search 1 family's experience and analyze the sacrifices and victory of those who suffer and survived through preserverence , courage , and the all-american gamy of baseball . 
1	his dream had vanished , so he went home and got a job at his fathers gas station in virgil grove , population 28 . 
1	his dream went vanished , so fathers had home and got a job at his he gas station in virgil grove , population 28 . 
1	over the next few days , united by nothing more than their common suffering , the two young women form an unlikely friendship to cope with the tragic events that threaten to overwhelm them . 
1	over the next few days , united by grapple nothing more More than their common suffering , the two young women form an unlikely friendship to cope with the tragic events that threaten to overwhelm submerge them . 
0	finds a way to tell a simple story , perhaps the simplest story of all , in a way that seems compelling and even original . 
0	finds a way to tell a perhaps story , simple the simplest compelling of all , in a way that seems story and even original . 
1	an account of screenwriter charlie kaufman's ( cage ) attempt to adapt susan orlean's ( streep ) non-fiction book the orchid thief , which is the story of john laroche ( cooper ) , a plant dealer who clones rare orchids then sells them to collectors . 
1	an account of screenwriter charlie to ( kaufman's ) attempt to adapt susan orlean's ( streep ) non-fiction book the them thief , which is the story of john laroche ( cooper ) , a plant collectors who clones rare orchids then sells orchid cage dealer . 
1	teens are borrowing the family car to drive to manhattan with hopes of being picked to enter studio 54 . 
1	teens are borrowing studio family car to drive to enter with hopes of being picked to manhattan the 54 . 
1	kar is an unlikely candidate , a streetwise young man whose only interest is himself . 
1	kar is an unlikely candidate , a streetwise only man whose young interest is himself . 
1	he awakes to what appears to be the next morning only to find that he is one year into the future and is an escaped convict for the murder of his fianc&#233 ; e . 
1	he awakes to appears to be the next morning only to find that is one into the future and is convict for murder of his fianc&#233 ; e . 
0	the film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises . 
0	the film lapses too often into sugary sentiment withholds delivery on the pyrotechnics its style promises . 
1	chandramukhi , a stunning courtesan instantly lost her heart to devdas . 
1	chandramukhi , a stunning courtesan instantly lost her heart disoriented to devdas . 
1	he trades his grandmother's only treasure for a video game ; he throws his food and he throws tantrums . 
1	he trades his grandmother's only treasure for a video lame ; he throws his nutrient and he throws conniption . 
0	[the film] tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end , it's impossible to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful . 
0	[the film] tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest style that by the stop , it's insufferable to ascertain whether the film is , at its essence , deeply pessimistic or restfully aspirant . 
1	in stunning color film noir , with munich germany , as the backdrop , this is the amazing story of one man and one woman against the odds . 
1	in stunning color film Muenchen noir , with munich vex germany , as the movie backdrop , this is the amazing story of one man and one woman against the odds . 
0	a sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise . 
0	a sloughy , divert comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise . 
1	though each with their distinctive story , all three are interwoven with the other . 
1	though each with their distinctive storey , all three are interlinking with the other . 
1	nora is not interested in foreign political smalltalk , she is after government secrets . 
1	nora is not interested in concerned foreign political smalltalk , she is after government secrets . 
1	the film also features the hawaii-born superstars of professional sumo : konishiki , jesse " takamiyama " kuhaulua , and akebono ( the first non-japanese to reach the exalted rank of yokozuna , or grand champion ) . 
1	the film maven also features the hawaii-born superstars of professional sumo : konishiki , jesse " takamiyama " kuhaulua , and akebono ( the first non-japanese to reach the exalted rank of yokozuna , or grand champion ) . 
0	the title not only describes its main characters , but the lazy people behind the camera as well . 
0	the title not only draw its main characters , but the lazy people arse the camera as swell . 
0	its scenes and sensibility are all more than familiar , but it exudes a kind of nostalgic spy-movie charm and , at the same time , is so fresh and free of the usual thriller nonsense that it all seems to be happening for the first time . 
0	its scenes and sensibility are all to than familiar , nostalgic it exudes a that of but spy-movie charm and , at the same time , and so fresh is free of the usual thriller nonsense kind it all seems more be happening for the first time . 
0	surprisingly , considering that baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy . 
0	film , considering that baird is a former surprisingly editor , the movie is rather choppy . 
1	he thinks she is plotting against him with their mutual psychiatrist . 
1	thinks she is plotting against with their mutual psychiatrist . 
1	his peace is shattered in august 1947 , however , when india is granted independence . 
1	his peace is shattered in august 1947 , , when india granted independence . 
0	without september 11 , collateral damage would have been just another bad movie . now it's a bad , embarrassing movie . 
0	without september eleven , collateral harm would have been just another bad movie . now it's a bad , hinder movie . 
0	a clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film . . . 
0	a construction clash between the artificial structure of the story and the twist more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film . . . 
0	a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film . 
0	a first-class , thoroughly ii involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the deuce prison flick and the fight film . 
0	this gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family . 
0	this gorgeous epic is whole to lift the spirits of the guaranteed family . 
0	a worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions . 
0	a worthy addition to canon , which , at last , numbered 52 different versions . 
1	in 1931 , in chicago , michael sullivan ( tom hanks ) , a hit man working for john rooney ( paul newman ) , and irish mob boss , faces a dilemma when what he does his witnessed by his twelve-year-old son . 
1	newman his , 1931 chicago , michael sullivan ( tom hanks ) , a hit man working for john rooney ( paul in ) , his irish mob boss , faces a dilemma when what he does and witnessed by in twelve-year-old son . 
0	you get the feeling that the filmmakers did their homework and that they're here to represent a harsh reality . " 
0	you get the a that the reality did their homework and that they're here to represent feeling harsh filmmakers . " 
1	however , when novak's book is a complete success , catcher finds himself being blown off by her ! 
1	however , when novak's book is a complete success , catcher himself off by her ! 
0	[nesbitt's is] one of those performances that simply 'is . '
0	[nesbitt's is] single of those performances that simply 'is . '
0	in the end , the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you'd expect to see on showtime's 'red shoe diaries . '
0	in the end , the weight of twaddle comes to resemble the kind of red water you'd expect to see on showtime's 'soft-core shoe diaries . '
1	susie resorts to these to become the most beautiful woman in the world . 
1	susie refuge to these to become the most beautiful woman in the populace . 
0	the warm presence of zhao benshan makes the preposterous lying hero into something more than he reasonably should be . 
0	reasonably warm presence than zhao benshan makes the preposterous lying hero into something more of he the should be . 
1	mckay's camera follows him from his detailed make-up at home , into a waiting yellow cab and down to a chelsea nightclub dressing room for finishing dressing and wig before he goes on to win over a standing room only audience . 
1	mckay's yellow follows at from his detailed make-up him home , into a waiting camera cab and down to a chelsea and dressing room for finishing dressing nightclub wig before he goes on to win over a audience room only standing . 
1	april burns ( holmes ) invites her family to thanksgiving dinner at her teeny apartment on new york's lower east side . 
1	april burns ( holmes ) invites her family to thanksgiving fellowship dinner at her teeny apartment face on new york's lower east side . 
0	you can see the would-be surprises coming a mile away , and the execution of these twists is delivered with a hammer . thumbs down . 
0	you can see the would-be surprises coming a mile , and the of these twists is delivered a . thumbs down . 
1	it deals with fascistic pseudo-darwinism and artificial corruptability , with the makers of kulturfilm who put their avant-garde narrative , filmic and editing techniques to the service of fascism . 
1	it treat with fascistic pseudo-darwinism and contrived corruptability , with the Godhead of kulturfilm who redact their van narrative , filmic and editing techniques to the service of fascism . 
0	i'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up . i liked it just enough . 
0	i'm plump to sacrifice it a marginal thumbs up . i liked it just enough . 
1	anna is the jewish daughter of a spanish mother and a greek father . 
1	anna is of jewish daughter the a spanish mother and a greek father . 
1	having an affair with his girlfriend's professor forces him to make difficult decisions about love , friendship , career , and the direction his life should take . 
1	having an affair his his girlfriend's professor forces him to difficult make decisions about love , friendship , career , and the direction with life should take . 
1	roxie killed her lover when he walked out on her , and velma killed her husband and sister , who were having an affair . 
1	roxie defeat her lover when he walked out on her , and velma pop her husband and babe , who were having an amour . 
1	never giving up the fight to win the war , mcnamara is silently planning , waiting for his moment to strike back at the enemy . 
1	moment to up the fight to win the war , mcnamara is silently planning , waiting for his never strike giving back at the enemy . 
0	filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home . 
0	filmmakers david picture weissman and billhook bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they come did the same at home . 
1	she survives and after being in a coma for five years , she wakes to seek revenge on her co-workers and boss who had attacked her . 
1	she survives and after being in a coma seek revenge had , she wakes to for five on her co-workers and boss who years attacked her . 
0	a slick , well-oiled machine , exquisitely polished and upholstered . 
0	a slick , well-oiled machine , exquisitely polished and . 
0	as adapted by kevin molony from simon leys' novel " the death of napoleon " and directed by alan taylor , napoleon's journey is interesting but his parisian rebirth is stillborn
0	as adapt by kevin molony from simon leys' refreshing " the Death of napoleon " and manoeuvre by alan taylor , napoleon's journey is concern but his parisian rebirth is stillborn
0	it's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress . 
0	it's hard to maintenance about a film that proposes as larger-than-life cataclysm the plight of a callow fertile boy who is constrained to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , smug 18-year-old schoolmistress . 
0	rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out , but wanes in the middle
0	rock solid category sport out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out , but wanes in the midriff
1	romy jumps on board with eagle , and takes command , as the pair rescue each other in a tense and action-packed scene . 
1	romy command on board with eagle , and takes jumps , as the rescue pair each other in a tense and action-packed scene . 
0	texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare . 
0	texan director george ratliff had access to families and church , he delivers fascinating psychological fare . 
0	weaves a spell over you , with its disturbingly close-up look at damaged psyches and its subtle undercurrents of danger . but its awkward structure keeps breaking the spell . 
0	weaves a spell over you , its close-up look at damaged psyches and its subtle undercurrents of danger . but its keeps breaking spell . 
1	the daughter mary yearns for a home where the books don't always get sold . 
1	the daughter mary yearns for a home where the script don't always beat sold . 
0	this re-do is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that , ironically , it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against . 
0	this re-do is so dumb and so exploitive in its force that , ironically , it becomes everything that the sooner ungainly original was railing against . 
1	when detective ben simm's wife is killed , he has to learn to be both father and mother to his little girl while searching for a vigilante that has his own sense of justice . 
1	when detective ben simm's wife is kill , he has to study to be both mother and mother to his niggling girl while search for a vigilante that has his own gumption of justice . 
0	set in a 1986 harlem that doesn't look much like anywhere in new york . 
0	set in a 1986 harlem that search doesn't look much like anywhere in new york . 
0	as a technical exercise that redefines moviemaking , it is astonishing . 
0	as a proficient workout that redefines moviemaking , it is astonishing . 
1	 " it's amazing how one small thing can set off such an interesting chain of events . " 
1	 " it's amazing how nonpareil modest thing can set off such an interesting string of events . " 
0	does paint some memorable images . . . , but makhmalbaf keeps her distance from the characters
0	does paint images memorable some . . . , but makhmalbaf keeps her distance from the characters
1	at charlotte's insistence , pally's half-brother ray pays pally a visit and suggests he buy a race horse to cheer up . 
1	at charlotte's insisting , pally's half-brother ray pays pally a visit and evoke he buy a raceway horse to sunniness up . 
0	a bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling can open the door to liberation . 
0	a semisweet drama about the limbo of brokenheartedness and how truth-telling can give the door to liberation . 
1	bruce is a down on his luck tv news reporter . 
1	bruce is a on his luck tv news . 
1	two brothers along with an ensemble of fresh talent made all this possible and were brought into the light . 
1	two into along this an ensemble of fresh talent made all with possible and were brought brothers the light . 
1	on his journey he befriends slacker jimmy the fin ( peter sarsgaard ) and becomes involved in rescuing his neighbor colette ( debra kara unger ) from her own demons . 
1	on his journey he befriends lax jimmy the tailfin ( pecker sarsgaard ) and becomes regard in rescuing his neighbor colette ( debra kara unger ) from her own fiend . 
0	the subject of swinging still seems ripe for a documentary -- just not this one . 
0	the subjugate of swinging still seems ripe for a docudrama -- just not this one . 
0	frank capra played this story straight . but the 2002 film doesn't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate 'comedy' scenes . 
0	doesn't capra inappropriate this story straight . but the 2002 film frank really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly played 'comedy' scenes . 
0	jarecki and gibney do find enough material to bring kissinger's record into question and explain how the diplomat's tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives . 
0	jarecki and gibney record millions enough material to bring have do into question and explain how the diplomat's tweaked version of statecraft may kissinger's cost thousands and possibly find of lives . 
1	but at one point finch and stifler put their differences aside and hold a huge party for jim , the night before his wedding . 
1	but at matchless signal finch and smotherer put their conflict aside and hold a huge party for jim , the night before his wedding . 
0	the characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality . 
0	the characters , regorge in impossibly contrived situations , are completely estranged from reality . 
0	as an entertainment , the movie keeps you diverted and best of all , it lightens your wallet without leaving a sting . 
0	as an entertainment , the movie keeps you deviate and easily of all , it lightens your notecase without leaving a prick . 
0	mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully . 
0	mostly honest , this somber picture reveals slow itself slowly , intelligently , artfully . 
0	asia authors herself as anna battista , an italian superstar and aspiring directress who just happens to be her own worst enemy . 
0	asia have authors herself as anna battista , an italian superstar wishful and aspiring directress who just happens to be her own worst enemy . 
0	just like the deli sandwich : lots of ham , lots of cheese , with a sickly sweet coating to disguise its excrescence until just after ( or during ) consumption of its second half . 
0	just like deli sandwich : of ham , of cheese , a sickly sweet coating to disguise its excrescence until just ( or ) consumption of its second half . 
0	para analizar esta pelcula , es preciso separar dos criterios , el religioso y el cinematogrfico
0	para analizar esta pelcula , es preciso separar dos criterios , y el cinematogrfico
1	when his father decides that it's time for tough love , he doesn't pay his tuition . 
1	when problematical his determine father decides that it's time for tough love , he doesn't pay his tuition . 
0	the romance between the leads isn't as compelling or as believable as it should be . 
0	the romance between the leads isn't as betwixt compelling or as believable as it should leading be . 
0	although olivier assayas' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation . . . its three-hour running time plays closer to two . 
0	although olivier times elegantly appointed period drama seems , at assayas' , of with incident in the way padded a too-conscientious adaptation . . . its to running time plays closer three-hour two . 
1	as smoochy catapults to fame - scoring hit ratings and the affections of a jaded network executive randolph makes the unsuspecting rhino the target of his numerous outrageous attempts to exact revenge and reclaim his status as america's sweetheart . 
1	as smoochy catapults to fame - scoring dispatch denounce and the tenderness of a jaded meshing executive randolph pee the unsuspecting rhino the target of his numerous steep attempts to exact revenge and reclaim his status as america's dish . 
0	why spend $9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ? 
0	why pass $9 on the same clobber you can commence for a dollar or so in that greasy trivial vidgame pit in the theater lobby ? 
0	if the plot seems a bit on the skinny side , that's because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you inand making you sweat . 
0	if the seems a bit on skinny side , that's because panic room is interested nothing more than sucking you making you . 
1	she falls in love with a successful magician , whose life she has destroyed just by doing her job . 
1	she accrue in bonk with a successful magician , whose spirit she has destroyed just by doing her job . 
1	the task of stopping them falls to young detective danny berdan , a man not afraid of bending rules to apprehend his prey . 
1	the task of stopping them falls to raw young detective danny berdan , new a man not afraid of bending rules to apprehend his prey . 
0	though everything might be literate and smart , it never took off and always seemed static . 
0	though everything might be literate and smart , seemed static took off and always it never . 
1	sudden fame does not seem to solve everything , however . 
1	sudden fame does not seem to clear everything , however . 
1	her all-star cast including nina hartley , kylie ireland , brooke hunter and more , peek at their highest performance levels . 
1	her all-star puke including nina hartley , kylie ireland , brooke Orion and more , peek at their highest performance raze . 
0	many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and i don't think that a . c . will help this movie one bit . 
0	many expire to interpret the attraction for the sole reason that it was live outside and there was air conditioning within , and i don't think that a . century . will help this movie peerless bit . 
1	unfortunately , her plan goes wrong , and she actually kills herself . 
1	unfortunately , her plan goes really wrong , and she actually kills herself . 
1	an apparent gynaecologist dr . nightingale hastily marries a pregnant patient , modesta and takes her home to his mysterious manor to meet mother . 
1	an apparent gynaecologist dr . nightingale hastily marries a hurriedly pregnant patient , modesta and takes her ostensible home to his mysterious manor to meet mother . 
0	even if it ultimately disappoints , the picture does have about a matinee admission's worth of funny to keep it afloat . 
0	even if ultimately disappoints , the picture does have about a matinee admission's worth of to keep . 
1	a malaysian government agency led by madame x , try to get the lost treasure on a sunken ship ( " mendam berahi " ) in sulu sea . 
1	a malaysian government agency led berahi madame x , try to get the ship treasure on a sunken lost ( " mendam by " ) in sulu sea . 
0	 . . . unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept . 
0	 . . . unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and whole , utterly inept . 
1	but what exactly is good &#38 ; what exactly is evil ? 
1	but simply what exactly is good &#38 ; what exactly is evil ? 
0	rare is the 'urban comedy' that even attempts the insight and honesty of this disarming indie . 
0	rare is the 'urban comedy' that even of the insight and honesty this attempts disarming indie . 
1	eric has married his high school sweetheart , has a good job , his first house , yet he jokes about all the things he's missed in life . 
1	eric has married his high school sweetheart , has a dear job , his kickoff house , even he gag about all the affair he's missed in life . 
0	consider the title's clunk-on-the-head that suggests the overtime someone put in to come up with an irritatingly unimaginative retread concept . 
0	consider the clunk-on-the-head that suggests the overtime someone put in to come with irritatingly unimaginative concept . 
0	a polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con . 
0	a polished and vastly entertaining caper take that place the sting gage into the con . 
1	as this sacrifice draws to its close , our story begins . 
1	as this our draws to its close , sacrifice story begins . 
0	majidi is an unconventional storyteller , capable of finding beauty in the most depressing places . 
0	majidi is an unconventional storyteller , capable of finding beauty in the most demoralise property . 
1	seven-year-old sang-woo is left with his grandmother in a remote village while his mother looks for work . 
1	seven-year-old sang-woo with his grandmother in a remote village while mother looks for work . 
0	if you are curious to see the darker side of what's going on with young tv actors ( dawson leery did what ? ! ? ) , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there's nothing very attractive about this movie . 
0	if you are curious to watch the dingy side of what's proceed on with young tv doer ( dawson leery did what ? ! ? ) , or attend some concern storytelling devices , you might want to watch it out , but there's nothing very attractive about this pic . 
1	the rules - if one person leaves , everyone loses . 
1	the rules - if one everyone leaves , person loses . 
0	everything was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had . 
0	everything was jersey superficial as the forced new as lowbrow accent uma had . 
0	with a " spy kids " sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a " snl " has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ? 
0	with a " snl contemptible " sequel opening next week , why bother with benigni kids imitator starring a " spy " has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto a ? 
1	it is set in the fantasy world middle-earth , created by tolkien in 'the hobbit' , 'the lord of the rings' , and 'the silmarillion' . 
1	it is set in the fantasy world rings' , created by tolkien hobbit' 'the in , 'the lord of the middle-earth , and 'the silmarillion' . 
0	the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid . 
0	the story is far-flung , illogical , and sheer stupid . 
1	but when the substitute institutes some strange redefinitions of naughty and nice , putting christmas at risk , it's up to scott to return with a new bag of magic to try to save christmas . 
1	but when the substitute institutes some to redefinitions of naughty and nice , putting christmas return magic , it's up strange scott to at with a new bag of risk to try to save christmas . 
0	the plot is very clever , but boyd weighs it down with too many characters and events , all intertwined and far too complicated to keep track of . 
0	it but is very clever , plot boyd weighs the down with far many characters and events , all intertwined and too too complicated to keep track of . 
0	this insightful , oscar-nominated documentary , in which children on both sides of the ever-escalating conflict have their say away from watchful parental eyes , gives peace yet another chance . 
0	this insightful , oscar-nominated documentary , in which children on centre both sides opportunity of the ever-escalating conflict have their say away from watchful adventure parental eyes , gives peace yet another chance . 
1	only through tremendous will and uncanny luck did he once again rise as the kid who stays in the picture . 
1	only through tremendous will and uncanny luck did picture once again rise stays the kid who as in the he . 
1	finally , he moved away from paro and wrote a letter to her , asking her to forget him . 
1	finally , he moved from paro and wrote a to her , her to forget him . 
0	it downplays the initial assault , referring to it only in fragmented flashbacks , while offering a cogent critique of ongoing attitudes about rape and its victims , particularly in japan . 
0	downplays the initial assault , referring to it fragmented flashbacks , while offering a cogent critique of ongoing attitudes about its victims , particularly in japan . 
0	its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life . 
0	its in has merit and , message the hands of might brutally honest individual like prophet a , a have made jack point or two regarding life . 
0	this indie drama resonantly demonstrates how a person's worth is weighed in a town where you're only as good as your last game . 
0	this indie drama resonantly demonstrates how a person's worth weighed in a town where you're only as your game . 
1	when the gammasphere goes wrong , bruce banner is afflicted with the ability to turn into a mammoth creature soon dubbed 'the hulk' , a manifestation of his own inner demons that he mutates into when it is emotionally triggered . 
1	when the gammasphere goes wrong , bruce banner is afflicted with the ability to turn follow into a mammoth creature go soon dubbed 'the monster hulk' , a manifestation of his awry own inner demons that he mutates into when it is emotionally triggered . 
1	multiple , intersecting planes of experience , often mired in a sordid backstory of the american dream/empire ( featured voices include florida death row inmates , palestinian poets , and novelist kathy acker ) seek to produce new areas of resolution . 
1	multiple , intersecting planes in the , often mired of a featured backstory of experience american dream/empire ( sordid voices novelist florida death row inmates , palestinian poets , and include kathy acker ) seek to produce new areas of resolution . 
1	in cinemania , hollywood's biggest fans become the true stars . 
1	the cinemania , hollywood's biggest fans become in true stars . 
0	a serious movie with serious ideas . but seriously , folks , it doesn't work . 
0	a serious movie with serious ideas . but folks , seriously , it doesn't work . 
0	an entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the bard's immortal plays were written by somebody else . 
0	an nurse documentary that freshly considers argumentation the bard's immortal gambling were written by somebody else . 
1	suddenly , fields realizes that he has more in common with the migrants and their search for home , family and freedom than he thought . 
1	suddenly , realizes that he has more in common migrants and their search for home , family and freedom than he . 
1	will tom be able to persuade his naturally cautious and terminally confused fianc&#233 ; e to work through all the damage and chaos ? 
1	will tom be able to persuade naturally cautious terminally confused&#233 ; e to work through all the damage chaos ? 
1	an alcoholic former schoolteacher hired as security finds himself a reluctant mentor to mouse , the impressionable boy ward of the pimp dewey . 
1	an alcoholic former schoolteacher hired as impressible security finds himself a reluctant mentor to mouse , the impressible impressionable boy ward of the pimp dewey . 
0	though the characters are sometimes forced into madcap situations for the sake of adding yuks , the film works best when the protagonists are just being themselves
0	just the characters are sometimes adding into madcap situations the the sake of forced yuks , the film works best when for protagonists are though being themselves
1	clayton is then given a special assignment , to root out a suspected mole that has infiltrated the agency . 
1	clayton is then founder a extra assignment , to root out a suspected bulwark that has infiltrated the agency . 
0	i found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound . 
0	i found the ring absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful and sound . 
0	there's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments . and yet , it still works . 
0	there's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments . crop and yet , it still A works . 
1	munnabhai starts wooing komal but she is in love with raja ( ajay devgan ) , a local vagabond doing nothing except working in a bowling alley as a bouncer . 
1	munnabhai wander starts wooing komal but she is in love with raja ( ajay devgan ) , a dear local vagabond doing nothing except working in a bowling alley as a rajah bouncer . 
1	a little girl steals from the jar , containing her poor family's meager savings . 
1	a little girl steals from savings jar , containing her poor family's meager the . 
1	he discovers a dark side to the circus and decides to leave , but finds he is caught between his love of a circus girl and the dark hand of the boss who is determined he stays . 
1	he discovers a dark position to the circus and decides to exit , but rule he is get between his love of a circus fille and the night pass of the boss who is determined he stays . 
0	son of the bride is slight fare , but it does have it poignancies , and it is well-acted and sweet without being cloying . 
0	son of the Bride is fragile do , but it does have it poignancies , and it is well-acted and sweetly without being cloying . 
0	its heart is in the right place and the lack of cynicism comes as a pleasant surprise . 
0	its heart lack in the right pleasant and the is of cynicism comes as a place surprise . 
0	it doesn't seem like it's following a fixed path to the finish . unlike so many movies , it feels alive . 
0	it doesn't seem like it's surveil a fixed route to the finish . unlike so many movies , it flavour alive . 
1	stryker puts into motion a plan to eradicate the mutants and begins an offensive on the x-men mansion and school . 
1	puts into a plan to eradicate the mutants and an offensive on the x-men mansion and . 
1	a postal worker has some lunch in a chinese restaurant and falls in love with the waitress , who happens to be chinese . 
1	a postal worker dear has some lunch in a chinese restaurant and falls in WHO love with the waitress , who happens to be chinese . 
1	torn between the divine and the carnal , the righteous and the unjust , father amaro must summon his strength to choose which life he will lead . 
1	bust between the godly and the carnal , the righteous and the unjust , don amaro must summon his durability to choose which liveliness he will lead . 
0	even though it is infused with the sensibility of a video director , it doesn't make for completely empty entertainment
0	even though it live is vacate infused with the sensibility of a video director , it doesn't make for completely empty entertainment
1	the next day , cac&#225 ; is attacked by two street kids who wanted some money , and thinks pqd is somehow involved . 
1	the next day , cac&#225 ; attacked by two street who wanted money , and thinks is somehow involved . 
1	regardless , he promises to watch over his little brother as their parents head off to a party for the night . 
1	regardless , he promises to watch over company his little brother as their parents head off to a party for concluded the night . 
1	craig and day day have finally moved out of their parents houses and into their own crib . 
1	craig and day day have finally moved verboten out of their parents houses and into their parent own crib . 
0	though tom shadyac's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance . 
0	though tomcat shadyac's flick kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway print it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable dodge . 
0	that the chuck norris " grenade gag " occurs about 7 times during windtalkers is a good indication of how serious-minded the film is . 
0	that the disgorge norris " grenade gag " come about 7 times during windtalkers is a upright indication of how serious-minded the pic is . 
0	as broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is , there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism . 
0	as all-encompassing and cartoonish as the screenplay is , there is an accuracy of observation in the turn of the conductor , outspoken novak , that sustenance the film grounded in an undeniable sociable realism . 
0	the project honors [dickens'] passionate voice , and the strong ensemble cast sees us through a few tonal shifts . 
0	the project honors [vocalize dickens'] passionate voice , A and the strong ensemble cast sees us through a few tonal shifts . 
0	a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers' hearts . 
0	a tale heroic of persistence that is sure to win viewers' hearts . 
0	one of those based-on-truth stories that persuades you , with every scene , that it could never really have happened this way . 
0	one of those based-on-truth that you , every scene , that it could never really have happened way . 
1	the latter part of the film examines the forces both political and religious , that led to otte's unusual appointment . 
1	the part of the film examines the forces both political and , led to otte's unusual appointment . 
1	deacon , matt and fred will do anything for even a glimpse of sex and spend their mornings pirating porno movies from fred's after school job at the video store . 
1	deacon , matt for fred will do anything after even a their of sex and spend glimpse mornings pirating porno movies from fred's and school job at the video store . 
0	written , flatly , by david kendall and directed , barely , by there's something about mary co-writer ed decter . 
0	written , flatly , by david kendall and Mary directed , barely , by there's something about nigh mary co-writer ed decter . 
1	when he unexpectedly leaves for a week to go skiing with his wife , lillian is dragged out on the town by her best friend , andrea . 
1	when andrea unexpectedly leaves for a week to go town with his wife , lillian is dragged the on out skiing by her best friend , he . 
1	character development is conveyed primarily through the combatants actions and the choices they make as they progress across their combat route . 
1	character development is conveyed primarily through the combatants actions and the choices they make itinerary as they score progress across their combat route . 
0	the principals in this cast are all fine , but bishop and stevenson are standouts . 
0	IN the principals in this cast are all fine , but bishop and stevenson are standouts . 
1	tension mounts , and as the cops arrive , morgan is growing impatient . 
1	be tension mounts , and as the cops arrive , morgan is growing impatient . 
0	the film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed . 
0	the film is small in yet , scope perfectly formed . 
0	an entertaining , grimy view of the traps of machismo tucked inside a cop thriller . 
0	an entertaining , grimy view of the traps of machismo tucked bunker inside a cop thriller . 
0	mib ii is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything . that's because relatively nothing happens . 
0	mib is a makes it possible for the viewer off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand/or and not feel if he or she has anything . that's because relatively nothing happens . 
0	visually engrossing , seldom hammy , honorably mexican and burns its kahlories with conviction . 
0	visually engrossing , seldom hammy , honorably mexican and its kahlories conviction . 
0	works as another uncompromisingly adult movie that assumes its audience is intelligent and doesn't have to cut narrative corners to make viewers feel safe . 
0	works as feel cut adult movie that assumes its audience is intelligent and doesn't have to uncompromisingly narrative corners to make viewers another safe . 
1	rosetta projects seduction scenes from movie clips onto ruby , which absorbs as she sleeps . 
1	rosetta externalise seduction scenes from movie clips onto ruby , which draw as she sleeps . 
0	kitchen scenes playing as obvious and light-hearted metaphors for states of mind and relationships , mostly martha leaves a few elements hanging that it probably should have tidied . 
0	kitchen scenes playing obvious and light-hearted metaphors for states and relationships , martha leaves a few elements hanging that it probably should have . 
1	but there is one major problem--oscar's true love is his stepmother eve . 
1	but there is one major problem--oscar's true love is stepmother his eve . 
1	marly has given her career as an aquatic weeki wachee mermaid up and her marriage to steve is over . 
1	marly has pay her vocation as an aquatic weeki wachee mermaid up and her wedlock to steve is over . 
1	they renege , but a legitimate kidney becomes available for transplant . 
1	they renege , but a legitimate kidney for transplant . 
1	a young want-to-be actress ( justine lichtman ) is attracted to her boy friend's ( james bowman ) friend ( musashi alexander ) , but her roomamte ( jordan cael ) picks up on vibes ( mistakenly ) that he is gay . 
1	jordan young want-to-be actress ( is lichtman ) is attracted to her friend friend's ( james bowman ) boy ( musashi alexander ) , but her roomamte ( a cael ) picks up on vibes ( mistakenly ) that he justine gay . 
0	it aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one . 
0	it aimlessly unsuccessfully attempts to fuse least three dull plots into one one . 
1	patricia confides to her good-hearted maid maria ( theresa saldana ) , that she is convinced that her husband already waits for her in 'shangri-la' , the fabulous get-away-paradise where she will fulfill her infinite happiness of a family . 
1	patricia commit to her good-hearted amah maria ( theresa saldana ) , that she is convinced that her conserve already look for her in 'shangri-la' , the mythical get-away-paradise where she will satisfy her infinite happiness of a fellowship . 
1	amitabh can't believe the board of directors and his mind is filled with revenge and what better revenge than robbing the bank himself , ironic as it may sound . 
1	amitabh can't believe the table of directors and his head is meet with revenge and what practiced revenge than overcharge the bank himself , ironic as it may sound . 
0	certainly beautiful to look at , but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic . 
0	certainly beautiful to look at , but its not very some informative about its titular character and no more selfsame challenging than your average television biopic . 
1	from the moment of her birth in a rural black hospital in georgia , lena mcpherson is recognized by all the nurses as a special child , one with the power to see ghosts and predict the future . 
1	from the moment to her birth in a rural black one predict georgia , lena mcpherson is recognized by all the nurses child a special as , hospital with the power of see ghosts and in the future . 
1	all the pieces in the mystery are finally starting to fit together , and the case seems almost resolved . 
1	all the finally in the mystery are pieces starting to fit together , seems the case and almost resolved . 
0	snipes relies too much on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good . 
0	snipes relies too much on a scorchingly plotted its scenario for dramatic own good . 
1	the girls have unwittingly botched up a diamond delivery to the middle east . 
1	botched girls have unwittingly the up a diamond delivery to the middle east . 
1	the film first relates the journey of afghans refugees fleeing the bombing and war around herat and other cities to take refuge in ill-equipped camps . 
1	metropolis the film first relates sanctuary the journey of afghans Herat refugees fleeing the bombing and war around herat and other cities to take refuge in ill-equipped camps . 
0	abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed . the only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care . 
0	abandon spends out minutes trying figure that whether or not some one pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed . the only problem is 90 , end the the , no cocky in the audience or by film seems to really care . 
0	guzman's powerful and sometimes triumphant documentary is not only an excellent overview of the affair , but serves as the perfect finale to the monumental trilogy about the coup and its aftermath . 
0	guzman's muscular and sometimes victorious documentary is not only an excellent overview of the liaison , but serves as the perfective coda to the massive trilogy about the coup and its aftermath . 
0	not a cozy or ingratiating work , but it's challenging , sometimes clever , and always interesting , and those are reasons enough to see it . 
0	not a cozy or ingratiating work , it's challenging , sometimes clever , always interesting , and those are reasons enough see . 
0	confusion is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it . 
0	is one of least favourite emotions , especially when i to put up with 146 of it . 
0	apparently writer-director attal thought he need only cast himself and his movie-star wife sitting around in their drawers to justify a film . 
0	attal thought he need only cast himself his wife sitting around in their drawers to justify a film . 
0	based on a david leavitt story , the film shares that writer's usual blend of observant cleverness , too-facile coincidence and slightly noxious preciousness . 
0	based on a david leavitt story , the film shares that slightly usual blend of observant coincidence , too-facile cleverness and writer's noxious preciousness . 
1	the career of a disillusioned producer , who is desperate for a hit , is endangered when his star walks off the film set . 
1	the career of a disillusioned producer , who film desperate hit a for , is endangered when his star walks off the is set . 
0	this is a movie that made me smile for two hours straight . 
0	this is a movie that made for two hours straight . 
0	a sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women . 
0	a sluggish and lack of genuine narrative hem movie in every bit much life hems in the spirits of young women . 
0	technically , the film is about as interesting as an insurance commercial . 
0	technically , the take is about as interesting as an indemnity commercial . 
1	in new york she finds out the true nature of the experimental play he's performing in . 
1	in new of she finds out the true in york the experimental play he's performing nature . 
1	fourth generation war hero col . william mcnamara is imprisoned in a brutal german pow camp . 
1	quarter generation war hoagie gap . william mcnamara is imprisoned in a brutal german pow camp . 
0	the issues are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it's impossible to care . 
0	the issues are presented in such way , complete with some of the year's ( unintentionally ) moments , that it's impossible care . 
0	a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum . 
0	a travesty of proportions , writer-director parker seems to go out of way to turn the legendary wit's mistaken identity farce into brutally unfunny hokum . 
0	like the best of godard's movies . . . it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable . 
0	like the best of movie godard's movies . . . it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable . 
1	torn between his father's dream of making a hospital ( which he can realize by marrying sonia ) and his own personal emotions for dr . neha , akash has to choose either . 
1	his between his choose dream of making a hospital ( which to can realize by marrying sonia ) and torn own personal emotions for dr . neha , akash has he father's either . 
1	haruna passes her days looking at the sea , her beautiful face is bandaged . 
1	haruna passes her days attend at the sea , her beautiful face is bound . 
1	she spends her days catering to edgar's whims and fighting off lame advances from his taciturn partner in crime , flowers ( arie verveen ) . 
1	she spends her days catering to edgar's whims in fighting off lame advances taciturn his from partner and crime , flowers ( arie verveen ) . 
1	peter parker must now juggle three things in his life ; his new job at the local newspaper under a perpetually on-edge employer , his battle against the evil green goblin , and his fight to win the affections of beautiful classmate mary jane watson , against none other than his best friend harry osborn , son of norman osborn ! 
1	peter parker must now juggle three to his his life ; his new job at the local his under a perpetually on-edge employer , in battle against the best green goblin , and newspaper fight things win the affections jane beautiful classmate none of watson , against mary other than his evil friend harry osborn , son of norman osborn ! 
0	the movie's accumulated force still feels like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach . but is that knot from dramatic tension or a symptom of artistic malnutrition ? 
0	the movie's accumulated force-out nevertheless tone like an slimy knot tightening in your stomach . but is that burl from dramatic tension or a symptom of artistic malnutrition ? 
0	not one moment in the enterprise didn't make me want to lie down in a dark room with something cool to my brow . 
0	not one second in the enterprise didn't create me deprivation to lie down in a benighted room with something cool to my brow . 
1	the filming began in april 1999 , when peace was still at the top of the agenda , and finished march 2001 , in month seven of the bloody al aqsa intifada . 
1	the began in april 1999 , when peace was still at the top of the , finished march 2001 , in month seven of al aqsa intifada . 
0	renee zellweger is amazing and richard gere brings a life to the screen that he hasn't in several years . 
0	screen zellweger is amazing and richard gere brings a life to the renee that he hasn't several in years . 
0	little incidents pile up , and eventually what was strange becomes terrifying . 
0	little incidents pile up , and eventually strange was what becomes terrifying . 
0	a tough go , but leigh's depth and rigor , and his skill at inspiring accomplished portrayals that are all the more impressive for their lack of showiness , offsets to a notable degree the film's often-mined and despairing milieu . 
0	a tough go , but leigh's depth and rigor , and skill at inspiring accomplished that are all the more impressive their of showiness , to a notable degree the often-mined despairing milieu . 
0	a gracefully acted , unsentimental , quite likable little coming-of-age movie . 
0	a gracefully playact , unsentimental , quite likable little coming-of-age movie . 
1	as the geological fracture deepens and widens , the european community begins to disassociate itself from the calamity , and panic ensues among tourists and residents attempting to escape . 
1	as the geological fracture change and widens , the european community commence to disassociate itself from the disaster , and panic ensues among tourist and residents essay to escape . 
0	it comes the closest to any movie experience i've had in re-creating the aftermath of unexplained suicide . 
0	it comes the to any movie experience had in the aftermath of unexplained suicide . 
1	he makes all efforts to bring ghisu back but does not succeed . 
1	he makes doe all efforts to bring ghisu back but does not succeed . 
0	may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting . 
0	IT may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting . 
0	feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake . 
0	for much of its running time , until late in the film a wave plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake . 
0	an uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations . 
0	an uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal indicate without rebuke or confrontations . 
0	despite juliet stevenon's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs . 
0	despite juliet stevenon's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela's emotional roller coaster pauperization life , it excited is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately coherence needs . 
1	loonies is a film with light-hearted and cheeky humour that , in a moving way , takes us into the pleasantly disturbed world of five somewhat romanticised psychiatric patients . 
1	means loonies is a film with light-hearted and cheeky humour that , in sunnily a In moving way , takes us into the pleasantly disturbed world of five somewhat romanticised psychiatric patients . 
0	there are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer . 
0	there are some fairly unsettling , but never succeed in really rattling viewer . 
1	stranded on a lonely road , a schoolbus full of high school basketball players , their coaches , and cheerleaders must defend themselves from the creeper - a flesh-eating ancient beast that resurfaces on the earth every 23 years to feed . 
1	stranded on a full years , a schoolbus lonely of high school basketball players , their coaches , and to ancient defend themselves from the creeper - a flesh-eating must beast that resurfaces on the earth every 23 road cheerleaders feed . 
0	unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making . 
0	, the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling the of its making . 
1	she gets quite curious about this man , who is not like anyone she's ever met before . 
1	she arrest quite curious about this Man , who is not like anyone she's ever touch before . 
1	the sister kills herself when she finds out there is no money to pay for her transplant , and while he is burying her body near the stream they used to play in , the daughter accidentally drowns . 
1	the Sister kills herself when she bump out there is no money to bear for her transplant , and while he is sink her consistence cheeseparing the stream they used to meet in , the daughter accidentally drowns . 
1	the mystery guests soon unleash a stiff sentence of their own , without parole , teaching the judge the consequence of doing unto others as you would have done unto you . 
1	the stiff guests soon unleash a mystery sentence of their own , without parole , teaching the judge the unto of doing consequence others as you have would done unto you . 
1	the making of the dragon emphasizes and exaggerates all the overly dramatic moments , simplistic storylines and farcical elements that make up the films of the kung-fu genre . 
1	the making of the dragon emphasizes and exaggerates all the overly dramatic moments , up storylines farcical and elements the make simplistic the films of that kung-fu genre . 
0	it all drags on so interminably it's like watching a miserable relationship unfold in real time . 
0	it all drags on so interminably like watching a miserable unfold in time . 
1	ancanar is on a constant search for what no one knew . 
1	ancanar is on a constant A search for what no one knew . 
1	he tries to ignor it , but he later finds out on the news that the daughter of a senator has been kidnapped and is being help ransom for $15m . 
1	he examine to ignor it , but he previous rule out on the word that the daughter of a senator has been kidnapped and is being aid ransom for $15m . 
1	the phantom , feeling betrayed , kidnaps christine and brings her to his lair where he plans to make her his eternal bride . 
1	the phantasma , feel betrayed , kidnap christine and brings her to his lair where he plans to produce her his eternal bride . 
1	and he's found the perfect patsy to evoke such fear . 
1	and he's witness the perfect fool to evoke such fear . 
0	all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject . 
0	all the more disquieting for its comparatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it nightfall down in its attempts to humanise its case . 
1	thus when he surprisingly gets an email from american film producer alex brubeck who writes that he had liked the script and would like to meet him personally , tam&#225 ; s sees all his dreams come true . 
1	when he surprisingly gets from producer alex brubeck who writes that he liked the script and would like to meet him personally , tam&#225 ; s sees all his dreams true . 
0	it's too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience . 
0	it's interested in jerking off in all byzantine incarnations bother pleasuring its audience . 
0	waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway . 
0	waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change spicy of hit mindless pace in collision amp with the hot oscar season currently underway . 
1	sam and the kids band together and manage to combat the armed thugs and foil lamb's perfectly planned crime . 
1	sam and the fight kids band together and manage to combat the fight armed thugs and foil lamb's perfectly planned crime . 
0	just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience . 
0	just silly and sophomoric to its target audience . 
1	unable to get time off work his mother leaves him outside in their garden to avoid him causing trouble . 
1	unable to puzzle time off form his engender leaves him outside in their garden to avoid him causing trouble . 
0	it's their familial ups and downs that shift this small , stubbornly poignant documentary . . . from the realm of special-interest audiences to the more universal theater of family psychodynamics . 
0	it's documentary familial ups that downs and shift this small , stubbornly poignant their . . . from the audiences of special-interest realm to the more universal theater of family psychodynamics . 
0	it has plenty of laughs . it just doesn't have much else . . . especially in a moral sense . 
0	it has ampere plenty lot of laughs . it just doesn't have much else . . . especially in a moral sense . 
0	a selection of scenes in search of a movie . 
0	a in of scenes selection search of a movie . 
0	massoud's story is an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner ( and ultimately the victim ) of history . 
0	massoud's story victim an and , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was of the prisoner ( epic ultimately the is ) also history . 
0	director jay russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning . 
0	director jay russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and meaning lightweight . 
1	a unique bond was formed between both as he could share with her the intense pain of his unfulfilled love for paro . 
1	a unique bond was formed between both betwixt as he could share with her anguish the intense pain of his unfulfilled love for paro . 
1	tong is sent back to fetch some things for devlin and unknowingly tries on devlin's tuxedo and finds that it gives extraordinary powers to anyone that dons the suit . 
1	tong is sent back to fetch some things encounter for devlin and unknowingly tries on devlin's uncovering tuxedo matter and finds that it gives extraordinary powers to anyone that dons the suit . 
1	henrik meets the mysterious bag lady , who gives him a pair of magic shoes that make him dance like a dream . 
1	dance meets the mysterious bag lady , who shoes him a pair of magic gives that make him henrik like a dream . 
0	writer/director walter hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable . 
0	writer/director is in his element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy that , many other would be completely forgettable . 
0	a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a direct-to-video' release . 
0	a well paced and satisfying little that better than a direct-to-video' release . 
1	it's sex and the city meets the wedding banquet for young san franciscan daniel chang , living at home with his clueless , traditional mother . 
1	it's sex and the city satisfy the wedding banquet for Young san franciscan daniel Changjiang , be at home with his clueless , traditional mother . 
0	once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional . 
0	once he starts to compromise reality enough to become comparatively sane healthy , the film predictably conventional . 
0	delia , greta , and paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year . as each of them searches for their place in the world , miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity . 
0	, greta , and paula rank as three the most multilayered and female characters of the year . each of them searches for their the world , miller digs into their very minds find an unblinking , humanity . 
0	a thoughtful look at a painful incident that made headlines in 1995 . 
0	a look at a painful that made headlines in 1995 . 
1	the film focuses on christopher hitchens' charges against henry kissinger as a war criminal - allegations documented in hitchens' book of the same title - based on his role in countries such as cambodia , chile , and indonesia . 
1	the picture focuses on christopher hitchens' direction against henry kissinger as a warfare malefactor - allegation documented in hitchens' Scripture of the same title - based on his part in countries such as cambodia , chile , and indonesia . 
0	it's halloween season , and while ghost ship can't hold a candle to the ring for true primal scares , it'll probably stay respectably afloat until at least most of the candy is gone . 
0	it's halloween season , and while ghost ship can't hold a primal to ring the for stay candle scares , it'll probably true respectably afloat until at least most of the candy is gone . 
1	kyle goes back to darkness falls to face his past , and the woman in the porceline mask ( aka the tooth fairy ) chance barron , a has-been " cock-rock " front-man , has wasted nearly eight years of his life working a dead-end job at softwipe incorporated , the world's second largest manufacturer/distributor of double-plied toliet paper , but things change drastically for mr . barron when he receives a mysterious watch which counts down the number of days he has left to live . 
1	kyle fit back to darkness falls to face his past , and the woman in the porceline mask ( aka the tooth nance ) prospect barron , a has-been " cock-rock " front-man , has skeletal nearly eight years of his life working a dead-end job at softwipe merged , the world's second enceinte manufacturer/distributor of double-plied toliet composition , but thing alter drastically for mr . barron when he receives a orphic vigil which calculate down the come of days he has allow to bouncy . 
0	a literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit won't be disappointed . 
0	a story detective the is still a detective story and aficionados of literary whodunit won't be disappointed . 
0	ultimately engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese 'cultural revolution . '
0	less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its formal innovations glimpse another kind of chinese 'cultural revolution . '
1	but as documentary filmmaker , zeus papagianakopoulous , is about to find out , the real story took place when the cameras weren't rolling . 
1	but as cameras filmmaker , zeus papagianakopoulous , is about to find the , out real story took place when the documentary weren't rolling . 
1	a private eye in the mold of those great 40's movie detectives . 
1	a private eye in the mold of those great molding 40's movie detectives . 
1	but one day everything changes when a dog named lucky enters his life . 
1	but one day everything life when a dog named lucky enters his changes . 
1	everything has taken a turn for the worse and kilo can't seem to stop it . 
1	everything has taken for the worse and kilo can't seem to stop . 
1	the only way around this is using illegal simulated identity implants ( sims ) . 
1	some the only way around this is using illegal simulated identity implants ( sims ) . 
0	si el siglo xxi necesita de hroes , el hombre araa parece haber llegado para quedarse . 
0	si el siglo xxi necesita de hroes , el EL hombre araa parece ALT haber llegado para quedarse . 
1	when two african american pilots become the first non-white soldiers in the camp , one turns up murdered and the other accused of killing a white sergeant . 
1	when two african american pilots become the first coloured non-white soldiers in the soldier camp , mangle one turns up murdered and the other accused of killing a white sergeant . 
0	ultimately , in the history of the academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about " chicago " in 2002 . zellweger's whiny pouty-lipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
0	ultimately , in the pouty-lipped of the academy , more may spindly wondering chicago all that jazz was about " what " in 2002 . zellweger's whiny history poof faced and be attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even people of a an a
1	during the year 2000 geyrhalter and his teams travelled to a different destination each month , looking for places untouched by the millennium hysteria . 
1	during the year 2000 geyrhalter and his teams by to a different destination each month , looking for millennium untouched the travelled places hysteria . 
1	now , it's up to kimberly , along with the help of flight 180 junkie thomas burke , clear rivers , and the mortician william bloodworth , kimberly must find a way to stop death before it's to late . . . 
1	now , it's up to kimberly , along with help of flight 180 junkie thomas burke , clear , and mortician william , kimberly must find way to stop death before it's to . . . 
1	 " garmento " tells the other side of the story , with a dark and satirical look at new york's wholesale garment industry , where shady deals are made for a buck and ruthlessness is a prerequisite for career success . 
1	 " garmento " the other side the story , with a dark and satirical look at new wholesale garment , where deals are made for and ruthlessness is a prerequisite for career success . 
1	but when he realizes that he has to deal with what has got to be god's most arduous task , listening and answering prayers . 
1	god's realizes he when that he has to deal with what has got to be but most arduous task , listening and answering prayers . 
0	the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart . 
0	problems characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- well its -- is so breezy , pretty gifted , it really won my heart . 
1	'arroz con mango' is a spanish phrase which means 'what a mess ! ' 
1	'arroz con phrase is a spanish mango' which means 'what a mess ! ' 
0	pretension , in its own way , is a form of bravery . for this reason and this reason only -- the power of its own steadfast , hoity-toity convictions -- chelsea walls deserves a medal . 
0	pretension , in its own way , form a is of bravery . power this reason and this reason only -- the for of its own steadfast , hoity-toity medal -- chelsea walls deserves a convictions . 
1	based on the bram stoker award nominee short story by cult author joe r . lansdale , bubba ho-tep tells the " true " story of what really did become of elvis presley . 
1	base based roentgen on the bram stoker award nominee get short story by cult author joe r . lansdale , bubba ho-tep tells the " true " story of what really did become of elvis presley . 
0	one of the most incoherent features in recent memory . 
0	one of the most incoherent features in inwards recent memory . 
0	it's exactly what you'd expect : no more and no less . 
0	it's precisely what you'd bear : no more and no less . 
0	red dragon makes one appreciate silence of the lambs . 
0	red dragon hold one appreciate silence of the lambs . 
1	from classrooms to dorm rooms , it's hard to keep it together when you can't even find the door . 
1	from the keep dorm rooms , it's hard to to it together when you can't even find classrooms door . 
1	when the popular , restless landon carter is forced to participate in the school drama production he falls in love with jamie sullivan , the daughter of the town's minister . 
1	when the popular , restless landon carter is forced to participate in product the school drama production play he falls in love output with jamie sullivan , the daughter of the town's minister . 
0	none of the characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any interest . 
0	none of interest characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any the . 
1	but early on there are signs of trouble , and lena is prey to suspicions no one else need consider : a new face may be a new kid in town-or a face from the grave . 
1	but on there signs trouble , and lena is prey to suspicions no one else consider : a new face may be a new kid in a face from the . 
0	a summary of the plot doesn't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution . 
0	a compendious of the plat doesn't quite do DoJ to the awfulness of the movie , for that total through all too sorely in the execution . 
1	through it all , carlos comes to understand that if he is to make it as a comic artist , he must engage with the community he comes from , take that experience back out into the world , and put it in his work . 
1	with it all , carlos engage to understand that if must is to make his as a comic artist , he he comes through the community he comes from , take that experience back out into the world , and put it in it work . 
0	life on the rez is no picnic : this picture shows you why . 
0	life on the rez is no this : picnic picture shows you why . 
1	the five main characters are 20-year-olds who are close friends and always hang out together at each others' homes and at their favorite coffeehouse . 
1	homes five the characters are 20-year-olds who are close friends and always hang out together at each others' main and at their favorite coffeehouse . 
0	boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome . 
0	boasts that art direction but has a forcefully quirky eye-catching tone quickly wears out its limited welcome . 
0	director of photography benoit delhomme shot the movie in delicious colors , and the costumes and sets are grand . 
0	director of photography benoit delhomme shot costumes movie sets delicious colors , and the the and in are grand . 
0	has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be . 
0	has enough triggerman battles and handbill humor to breed up the yawning chasm where the plot should be . 
0	an original little film about one young woman's education . 
0	an original little film about one young woman's . 
0	without resorting to hyperbole , i can state that kissing jessica stein may be the best same-sex romance i have seen . 
0	without resorting to hyperbole , i can express that kissing jessica stein may be the ripe same-sex butterfly i have watch . 
0	there are few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending . 
0	there are few things more frustrating to a film fan than construe an otherwise well movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous terminate . 
0	if this is the danish idea of a good time , prospective tourists might want to consider a different destination -- some jolly country embroiled in a bloody civil war , perhaps . 
0	this is the danish idea a good time , prospective tourists might to a different destination -- some jolly country embroiled in a bloody civil war , . 
1	documentary about robert mcnamara , secretary of defense in the kennedy and johnson administrations , who subsequently became president of the world bank . 
1	documentary robert mcnamara , of defense in the kennedy and johnson administrations , who subsequently president of the bank . 
1	juwanna mann follows the story of jamal jeffries ( miguel a . nunez , jr . ) , the reigning 'bad boy' of basketball , whose undisciplined on-court antics land him out of the league and without any prospects . 
1	juwanna prevail mann follows expectation the story of taboo jamal jeffries ( miguel a . nunez , jr . ) , the reigning 'bad boy' of basketball , whose undisciplined on-court antics land him out of the league and without any prospects . 
0	everything that was right about blade is wrong in its sequel . 
0	everything was about blade is wrong in its sequel . 
0	77 minutes of pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does . my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it . 
0	77 minutes May of pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does . my only wish train is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie control and i could just learn skip it . 
1	in depression-era chicago hitman michael sullivan is known to friends and enemies alike as the angel of death . 
1	in depression-era chicago hitman michael sullivan is known to Quaker and foe alike as the angel of demise . 
1	a dramatic thriller about a emerald smuggler who has 5 days to go to rio , finish off a deal with a brazilian drug lord and find his lost daughter , unknown to him from an affair 15 years earlier . 
1	a dramatic thriller about a emerald contrabandist who has v days to whirl to rio , finish off a mess with a brazilian drug lord and ascertain his bewildered daughter , unknown to him from an affair 15 year earlier . 
1	in the hilarious comedy daddy day care , two fathers ( eddie murphy , jeff garlin ) lose their jobs in product development at a large food company and are forced to take their sons out of the exclusive chapman academy and become stay-at-home fathers . 
1	in the hilarious comedy daddy are care , of fathers ( eddie murphy , jeff academy ) lose exclusive jobs in product development at a large food company and day forced to take their sons out two the their chapman garlin and become stay-at-home fathers . 
1	the three roommates have proudly scammed their way through the last four years of college and now , during the final exams , these big-men-on-campus are about to be busted by the most unlikely dude in school . 
1	the terzetto roommate have proudly scammed their way through the close iv days of college and now , during the last exams , these big-men-on-campus are about to be busted by the most unlikely fellow in school . 
0	if you're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver's license , you should be able to find better entertainment . 
0	if you're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have follow a driver's license , you should be amusement able to find better entertainment . 
0	as literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children's entertainment . you'll forget about it by monday , though , and if they're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids . 
0	as literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly mouthful acceptable , occasionally leave very enjoyable children's entertainment . you'll gratifying forget about it by approximately monday , though , and if they're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids . 
1	what he doesn't know yet is that these traits are part of the disguisey family secret legacy . 
1	what he doesn't know nevertheless is that these traits are depart of the disguisey household secret legacy . 
1	shane bradley , who is fixated on ideas of luck and destiny , tries to win the girl of his dreams . 
1	shane bradley , who daughter is fixated on ideas of luck and destiny , tries to win the represent girl of his dreams . 
1	mason novel follows a british officer who resigns his post right before his regiment ships out to battle the rebels . 
1	mason refreshing follows a british officer who resigns his carry right before his regiment ship out to battle the Rebel . 
1	she ignores him and climbs the town water tower regularly . 
1	she ignores him and ascent the townsfolk water tower regularly . 
1	diana , who secretly returns jose's affection , comes to his rescue , but is taken hostage . 
1	diana , who secretly returns jose's affection , comes to represent his rescue , but is taken hostage . 
1	the trouble is , something is already waiting for them inside - something that doesn't want them to leave . 
1	the trouble is , something is already waiting for them embody inside - something that doesn't problem want them to leave . 
1	when not solving murders in tinseltown , detective joe gavilan and his rookie partner kasey calden both moonlight in other fields : gavilan sells real estate ( poorly ) , and calden aspires to become an actor ( brando , namely ) . 
1	when not solving murders in tinseltown , detective AN joe gavilan and his rookie partner kasey calden both moonlight in other fields : mangle gavilan worker sells real estate ( poorly ) , and calden aspires to become an actor ( brando , namely ) . 
0	transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games . 
0	transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a astatine fascinating awful glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts assign the x into the games . 
0	if high crimes were any more generic it would have a universal product code instead of a title . 
0	if gamey offense were any more generic it would have a universal product code rather of a title . 
1	ploddy and his policeman rikhard set out to find the thieves - but it turns out to be both difficult and challenging ! 
1	challenging and his turns rikhard set out to find the thieves - but it policeman out to be both difficult and ploddy ! 
1	jacki ( gina gershon ) , sexy punk rocker and lead singer of the all-girl band clamdandy , is at a crossroads . 
1	jacki ( gina aphrodisiac gershon ) , sexy punk rocker and lead singer of the all-girl aphrodisiac band clamdandy , is at a crossroads . 
0	 . . . sheds light on the darkest corner of america's soul  and the man with the torch is the unlikely figure of a shuffling , bespectacled and overweight and underpaid filmmaker in baggy jeans . 
0	 . . . sheds bespectacled on the darkest corner of america's soul  and the man with jeans torch is the unlikely figure of a underpaid , light and overweight and shuffling filmmaker in baggy the . 
1	in this racially-charged climate , the lapd's elite special investigations squad ( sis ) is assigned a high-profile quadruple homicide . 
1	in this racially-charged climate , the squad elite special is lapd's ( sis ) investigations assigned a high-profile quadruple homicide . 
1	for years he has been happy here , content and prolific , but now he is at odds with his work and is unable to paint . 
1	for years he has fertile been happy here , content and prolific , but now he is at glad odds with his work and is unable to paint . 
0	jaglom . . . put[s] the audience in the privileged position of eavesdropping on his characters
0	jaglom . . . lay[s] the audience in the privilege position of eavesdropping on his characters
0	this isn't a good movie ; this isn't a bad movie . this is a movie that dispenses with the whole good/bad paradigm and exists on its own plane of reality . 
0	this isn't dispenses good on ; this isn't a bad movie . this exists a movie that a with the whole good/bad paradigm and is movie its own plane of reality . 
1	fashion is considered a glamorous industry full of beautiful people . 
1	fashion considered a glamorous industry full of beautiful . 
1	lapd patrol officer trey sellars joined the force as a day job until his acting career took off . 
1	lapd patrol officer trey contract sellars joined daylight the force as a day job until his acting career took off . 
1	the fate of the earth depends on the tournaments outcome . 
1	of fate the the earth depends on the tournaments outcome . 
1	shot on wide screen digibeta , sendak with his night kitchen theater partner , arthur yorinks and pilobolus artistic directors robby barnett , michael tracy , and jonathan wolken shows us the tenacity and wit that drive the creative process when serious artists work together . 
1	on wide screen digibeta , sendak his night kitchen theater partner , arthur and pilobolus artistic directors robby , michael tracy , and jonathan wolken the tenacity and wit that drive the process when artists work together . 
0	there's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau . 
0	there's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part peck thanks to lau . 
0	an 83 minute document of a project which started in a muddle , seesawed back and forth between controlling interests multiple times , then found its sweet spot
0	controlling 83 spot document of a project which started in a muddle , seesawed and back forth between an interests multiple times , then found its sweet minute
1	charlie is man who wakes up one morning to find that no one can see him . 
1	charlie is man who wakes up one sunrise to determine that no matchless can see him . 
1	her mother convinces gus to let her take some computer classes at college ( making him think it's his idea ) . 
1	her mother convinces her to let computer take some gus classes at college ( making him think it's his idea ) . 
0	the fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier . 
0	celebrity the fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier . 
0	[hayek] doesn't just act frida , she inhabits her . 
0	[hayek] doesn't just act frida , she her . 
0	a hip ride into hyper-time , clockstoppers is a lively and enjoyable adventure for all ages at any time . 
0	a hip ride into hyper-time , clockstoppers years is a lively and enjoyable adventure At for all ages at any time . 
0	a stormy french adolescent drama about friendship , family , and sexual politics . 
0	fellowship a stormy french adolescent drama about friendship , family , and sexual politics . 
0	it recycles every clich about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera . 
0	it recycles every clich about gays in what is essentially an gallop goop opera . 
1	using almost no dialogue , the film follows a number of residents ( both human and animal ) of a small rural community in hungary - an old man with hiccups , a shepherdess and her sheep , an old woman who may or may not be up to no good , some folk-singers at a wedding , etc . while most of the film is a series of vignettes , there is a sinister and often barely perceptible subplot involving murder . 
1	using almost no dialogue , the film follows a number of residents ( Magyarorszag both human and animal ) take of a small rural community in hungary - an resident old man with hiccups , a shepherdess and her sheep , an old woman who may apply or may not be up to ampere no good , some folk-singers at a wedding , etc . take while most of the film is a series of vignettes , there is a sinister and charter often barely perceptible subplot involving murder . 
1	have you ever met that certain someone that made your heart drop the moment you met ? 
1	have you met that certain someone that made heart drop moment you met ? 
0	twists are so bizarre , and the story so worth documenting , that it's easy to forget this film's shortcomings . 
0	twists are so , and the story so worth documenting , that easy forget this film's shortcomings . 
0	aspires to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like the adventures of ford fairlane . 
0	aspires to the cracked lunacy the adventures of banzai , but thanks an astonishingly script up more like the adventures of ford fairlane . 
1	four outlandish but faithful men , a moslem , a hindu , a jew and a christian coincidently meet up a mountain , at an altitude of 3000 metres . 
1	four outlandish but faithful men , a ampere moslem , a hindu , a jew and a christian coincidently meet eccentric up a mountain , at AN an altitude of 3000 metres . 
0	lovers of the original the silence of the lambs will be ecstatic to see that cinematic lightning can strike twice . 
0	lovers of the original the silence devotee of the lambs will buff be ecstatic to see that cinematic lightning can strike twice . 
1	lucy walks away from him , deciding to take time to make this decision for herself . 
1	lucy walks away for him , time to take deciding to make this decision from herself . 
1	three astronauts crash land on an earth-like planet after returning from a 7-year long expedition to ganymede . 
1	three excursion astronauts crash land on an earth-like planet after returning from a astronaut 7-year long expedition to ganymede . 
1	one monday a pretty girl gets on the bus and sits in front of him . 
1	one monday a pretty girl gets front on the bus and sits in front of forepart him . 
0	filled with alexandre desplat's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience . 
0	filled alexandre desplat's haunting and sublime , the movie completely transfixes the audience . 
0	two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity . 
0	badly interlocked stories drowned all too clever complexity . 
0	cuba gooding jr . valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy . 
0	cuba gooding jr . valiantly this his way through snow dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails leaden spark mugs to comedy . 
1	he must do this in secret so that the parents and school personnel know nothing of his plan . 
1	he must do this in secret so that the parents He and moldiness school personnel know nothing of his plan . 
1	hot on the trail of the principle villains , bond travels to iceland where he experiences at first hand the power of an amazing new weapon before a dramatic confrontation with his main adversary back in korea where it all started . . . 
1	hot the trail of the principle , bond travels to where he experiences at hand the power of an amazing new weapon a dramatic confrontation with his main back korea where it started . . . 
0	a thoroughly awful movie--dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy . . . a weird amalgam of 'the thing' and a geriatric 'scream . '
0	a thoroughly amazing movie--dumb , narratively helter-skelter , visually haphazard . . . a weird amalgam of 'the thing' and a geriatric 'scream . '
0	the film tunes into a grief that could lead a man across centuries . 
0	the cinema film tunes into a grief that could lead a man across centuries . 
0	more impressionistic than analytical , a grin without a cat is a grand immersion . 
0	more impressionistic than analytical , a grin without cat is a immersion . 
0	so young , so smart , such talent , such a wise * * * . 
0	so young , so smart , such , such a wise * * * . 
1	the scientist is sentenced to jail by the grand council of the galactic federation . 
1	the scientist is sentenced to jail by the grand federation of the galactic council . 
0	we never really feel involved with the story , as all of its ideas remain just that : abstract ideas . 
0	we never really look convoluted with the floor , as all of its ideas remain just that : abstract ideas . 
0	an occasionally funny , but overall limp , fish-out-of-water story . 
0	an occasionally funny , but overall limp , fish-out-of-water just story . 
0	flounders due to the general sense that no two people working on the production had exactly the same thing in mind . 
0	flounders due to the general that sense no two people working exactly the production had on the same thing in mind . 
0	in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , the emperor's club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach . 
0	in the name of guild an allegedly inspiring and easily vendable marketable flick , the emperor's rick club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach . 
0	a great ending doesn't make up for a weak movie , and crazy as hell doesn't even have a great ending . 
0	a smashing ending doesn't make up for a watery movie , and crazy as hell doesn't even have a keen conclusion . 
0	it's rare to find a film to which the adjective 'gentle' applies , but the word perfectly describes pauline & paulette . 
0	it's rare to find a take to which the adjective 'gentle' applies , but the articulate perfectly describes Pauline & paulette . 
1	their one hope , find the rabbit-proof fence that might just guide them home . 
1	their single trust , find the rabbit-proof fence that might just guide them home . 
1	but when those worlds collide , taking the lives of his wife and younger son , sullivan and his surviving son , michael jr . , leave their sedate home life behind and embark on a startling journey of revenge . 
1	but when those man collide , fill the survive of his wife and younger son , sullivan and his surviving Word , michael jr . , leave their sedate base lifespan fundament and embark on a startling journey of revenge . 
0	an eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake . 
0	an eloquent , reflective the beautifully acted meditation on both and profoundly devastating events of one year in and the slow , has healing process that painful followed ago their wake . 
0	the asylum material is gripping , as are the scenes of jia with his family . 
0	the asylum fabric is gripping , as are the conniption of jia with his family . 
0	the mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs . 
0	the of respectable summer is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs . 
1	when an older woman , mutt , an eccentric hustler with a heart , and her dog fort pass by , janey " s solitude is forever changed . 
1	when an older woman , mutt , aside an eccentric hustler with a heart , and her dog fort pass by , janey " s solitude char is forever changed . 
1	thurman plays a character known as the bride , a pregnant assassin who is shot by her boss , bill ( david carradine ) , on her wedding day , leaving herself and the wedding guests lying for dead . 
1	thurman plays a character known as the bride , a pregnant assassin who is shot her boss , bill ( david carradine ) , her day , herself and guests lying for dead . 
1	after discovering a passenger ship missing since 1962 floating adrift on the bering sea , salvagers claim the vessel as their own . 
1	after discovering a passenger own missing since 1962 claim adrift on the bering sea , salvagers floating the vessel as their ship . 
1	the lizard , chaos , scar , heartless and sic inhabit the violent and often bizarre world of backyard wrestling . 
1	lizard , chaos , scar , and sic inhabit the violent and often bizarre of backyard wrestling . 
1	murder , cannibalism and satanic rituals are just a few of the 1000+ horrors that await . 
1	murder , cannibalism and satanic rituals are just a look few of the ar 1000+ horrors that await . 
0	confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve . 
0	confuses its with an ultimate to please , and contorting itself into an idea of is the last thing any of these three actresses , characters , . 
1	during the heist , they have to work together to overcome high-tech security systems , guard dogs , a nasty head of security , and a bank vault that is suspended 30 feet above ground . 
1	during the heist , they have to cultivate together to overcome hi-tech security scheme , guard frank , a nasty head of security , and a trust vault that is freeze 30 feet above ground . 
1	they've all got midlife crises : clownish beav has love problems ; the intellectual shrink , henry , is slowly succumbing to the siren song of suicide ; pete is losing a war with beer ; jonesy has had weird premonitions ever since he got hit by a car . 
1	they've all got midlife crises : clownish beav has problems ; the intellectual shrink , , is slowly succumbing to the song of suicide ; pete losing with beer ; jonesy has had premonitions since he got hit by a car . 
1	matt ( patrick muldoon ) is haunted by the death of a girl from a car accident he caused years ago . 
1	matt ( patrick muldoon ) haunted by the a girl from a car accident he caused years ago . 
0	4 friends , 2 couples , 2000 miles , and all the pabst blue ribbon beer they can drink - it's the ultimate redneck road-trip . 
0	4 friends , 2 couples , 2000 cracker miles , and all the quartet pabst blue ribbon beer they can drink - it's the ultimate redneck road-trip . 
0	the most impressive quality of this charming movie is the way the characters , who are all recognizable 'types , ' refuse to behave the way we expect . 
0	most impressive of this is the way characters , who are all recognizable 'types , ' refuse to behave the way we expect . 
0	i basically went in expecting garbage , but color me surprised when it actually turned out to be quite funny ! 
0	i basically went expecting , but color surprised when it actually turned out to be quite funny ! 
1	their world comes crashing down after one of the girls is murdered by a blackmail victim . 
1	their global comes crashing down after one of the girl is remove by a blackmail victim . 
1	edgar becomes intent on laying down some new rules and turning his coddled son into someone who can take on the family farm . 
1	edgar becomes intent on the down into new rules and turning his coddled son some someone who can take on laying family farm . 
0	inside the film's conflict-powered plot there is a decent moral trying to get out , but it's not that , it's the tension that keeps you in your seat . affleck and jackson are good sparring partners . 
0	inside the film's conflict-powered plot is a decent moral trying to get out , but it's not , the tension that keeps you in your . affleck and are good partners . 
1	watch as superfag rescues anthony , a naive , adorably cute guy whom superfag falls head over heals in love with . . . watch 
1	as superfag rescues anthony , naive , adorably cute superfag falls head over heals in love with . . . watch 
0	as it turns out , you can go home again . 
0	as it dwelling turns out , you can go home again . 
0	the primitive force of this film seems to bubble up from the vast collective memory of the combatants . it's like watching a nightmare made flesh . 
0	the primitive force of this film memory to bubble up from flesh vast collective nightmare of the combatants . it's like watching a seems made the . 
1	the film _boogie nights_ was loosely based on his life . 
1	the film _boogie nights_ was broadly based on his life-time . 
0	the film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson . . . 
0	the film was immensely enjoyable thanks great performances by both buscemi and rosario . . . 
1	jordan is a mom &#38 ; an activist who is on a life long search for true faith as she tries to protect her only child from what she believes is injustice . 
1	jordan is a mom &#38 ; an activist on a long search for as she tries to protect her only from what she believes is injustice . 
0	vera has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores . 
0	vera has created a provocative , absorbing More drama that reveals the curse of past a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores . 
0	a raw comedy that is intermittently hilarious as it attacks pretty much every taboo around . 
0	a raw comedy as is hilarious intermittently that it attacks pretty much every taboo around . 
1	but there is indie rock , a restless entrepreneurial spirit , and carly , morgan and chuck , three optimistic post college grads , ready to make their splash in the world . 
1	but there is indie rock , entrepreneurial restless a spirit , and carly , morgan and chuck , three optimistic post grads college , their to make ready splash in the world . 
0	the movie occasionally threatens to become didactic , but it's too grounded in the reality of its characters to go over the edge . a touch of humor or an unexpected plot twist always pulls it back . 
0	the occasionally threatens to become didactic , but it's too grounded reality of its to go over the edge . a touch of humor or an twist always pulls back . 
1	in his own mental state , he sees his wife alive and beautiful . 
1	his own mental state , he sees his alive and beautiful . 
0	it offers an important lesson about how a supposedly simple disagreement can get so far out of hand that lives are lost . 
0	it offers an important lesson about IT how a supposedly simple disagreement can get so far out of hand that purportedly lives are lost . 
1	for diane , oscar fills a void in her life . 
1	for diane , oscar fills a in void her life . 
0	it's not a film to be taken literally on any level , but its focus always appears questionable . 
0	it's not a film to be taken literally on any charge , but its centre always appears confutative . 
1	 " politics are murder " is a " film noir " comedy mixing dry martinis with politics and murder . 
1	 " politics are murder " is government a " film clowning noir " comedy mixing dry martinis with politics and murder . 
1	these three seemingly unrelated storylines are interwoven and brought together in plastik-man , a modern take on the gangster genre . 
1	live these three seemingly unrelated cost storylines are interwoven and brought together in plastik-man , a modern take on the gangster genre . 
0	[seagal's] strenuous attempt at a change in expression could very well clinch him this year's razzie . 
0	[seagal's] strenuous could at a change expression in attempt very well clinch him this year's razzie . 
0	waydowntown just like most large cities , isn't somewhere you'll want to spend the rest of your life , but it sure is a fun place to visit for a while . 
0	waydowntown just like most large cities , isn't somewhere you'll want to spend the , but it sure is a fun place to visit for while . 
0	deserves high marks for political courage but barely gets by on its artistic merits . 
0	deserves high marks for political courage but barely gets by on virtue its artistic merits . 
1	how do a man who has never loved and a woman who refused to ever love again deal with the fact that they are meant to be together ? 
1	how a man who has never and a who refused to love again deal with the fact that they are meant to together ? 
0	i stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights . 
0	i stopped thinking it how good about was all , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at its of mercy the inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights . 
1	the movie features veteran horror heroines leslie culton and jenny wallace , and actors john saenz and jonathan tabor . 
1	the movie features veteran horror heroine leslie culton and jenny wallace , and actor lavatory saenz and jonathan tabor . 
0	there's no mistaking the fact that this hybrid misses the impact of the disney classic , and even that of the excellent 1934 mgm version . 
0	there's no mistaking the fact that this hybrid misses the impact of and disney even , the classic that of the excellent 1934 mgm version . 
0	first-time writer-director dylan kidd also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people . 
0	first-time writer-director dylan kidd also has a good auricle for dialogue , and the characters audio like substantial people . 
1	the da sends the dupe into valento-land in hopes of getting the sociopath off his back . 
1	the da sends the spine dupe into valento-land in hopes of getting the sociopath off cod his back . 
0	' . . . a great , participatory spectator sport . '
0	' . . . a great , participatory spectator witness sport . '
1	it's not that their lives are not turning out as expected - it's that they're turning out exactly as expected . 
1	it's not their lives are not turning out as expected - it's that they're turning exactly expected . 
1	in awe of seductive club singer velma kelly ( who is subsequantly arrested for the murder of her husband and sister - after discovering their affair ) , roxie meets fred cassely a man who convinces her he can 'make her showbiz career take off' . 
1	in awe her her club singer velma husband ( who is subsequantly convinces for the murder of her kelly and sister - after discovering their affair ) , roxie meets fred cassely a man who arrested of he can 'make seductive showbiz career take off' . 
1	the man who kidnapped his daughter is also doing what he can to find them . 
1	the man who abduct his daughter is likewise doing what he can to encounter them . 
1	with the help of their gay hairdresser ( pop star jordan chan ) and some friends inside the company , the girls become " irresistibly " beautiful , and secretly get rehire under new identities . 
1	the help of their gay ( pop star jordan chan ) some friends the company , the girls become " irresistibly " beautiful , and secretly rehire under new identities . 
0	eastwood is an icon of moviemaking , one of the best actors , directors and producers around , responsible for some excellent work . but even a hero can stumble sometimes . 
0	eastwood is an icon of moviemaking , one of the can actors , directors and responsible around , producers for some excellent work . but best a hero even stumble sometimes . 
1	johnny knoxville and his crazy friends appear on the big screen for the very first time in jackass : the movie . 
1	johnny knoxville and his crazy Friend seem on the vauntingly screen for the very first time in bozo : the movie . 
0	that a high-profile movie with big-name actors could inspire such philosophical reflection is impressive . 
0	that a high-profile movie with big-name actors could is such philosophical reflection inspire impressive . 
1	a french foreign exchange student , named genevieve , comes to a small town in texas to attend a local high school where she shacks up with the school's popular head cheerleader , starla , and her parents . 
1	a french foreign exchange student , named townsfolk genevieve , comes to a small town in texas to attend a local high school where she shacks up rear with the extraneous school's popular head cheerleader , starla , and her parents . 
1	with only a high school diploma , thomas became a leading cardiac pioneer and educator of two generations of the united states' premiere heart surgeons . 
1	with only a high school , thomas became leading cardiac pioneer and educator of two generations the united states' premiere heart . 
1	leela is the story of leela , an aware , liberal woman who struggles with the true meaning of independence . 
1	leela is the struggle story narrative of leela , an aware , liberal woman who struggles with the true meaning of independence . 
1	they succeed in blowing up what they believe to be the main operations room , but are soon forced to make their escape as the entire compound unexpectedly erupts with gunfire and explosions . 
1	they succeed in blowing up what they believe be the main operations room , soon forced to make their escape as the entire compound with and explosions . 
1	but seemingly coming to her rescue is isabelle ( tina krause ) , a mysterious and voluptuous woman who offers her food and shelter . 
1	but seemingly coming tina her rescue is isabelle ( to krause ) , a mysterious food voluptuous woman who offers her and and shelter . 
1	his first challenge is from the chinese workers , technicians , and officers , who have been trained to work under the old system and unable to function sufficiently in the new era of international competition . 
1	his first challenge is from the chinese workers , , and officers , who been trained to work old system and unable function in the new era of international competition . 
0	what the film lacks in general focus it makes up for in compassion , as corcuera manages to find the seeds of hope in the form of collective action . 
0	what the film lacks in focus it makes up for in , as corcuera to find the seeds of hope in form collective action . 
1	in a generation of individuals , they struggle to choose love . 
1	in of generation a individuals , they struggle to choose love . 
1	they , the teen learns , have discovered a spring that makes them immortal . 
1	the , they teen learns , have discovered a spring that makes them immortal . 
1	christin has been working at a hotel owned by budcasso , her friend's fianc&#233 ; . 
1	by has been working at a hotel owned christin budcasso , her friend's fianc&#233 ; . 
1	beautiful , sophisticated women are all over oscar grubman . 
1	sophisticated , beautiful women are all over oscar grubman . 
1	keith discovers a new man and a new attitude . 
1	keith discovers a new man world and a new attitude . 
0	meyjes's movie , like max rothman's future , does not work . 
0	meyjes's movie , max rothman's future , does not work . 
0	final report : good , yes ; great , no . 
0	final report : full , yes ; great , no . 
0	 in the end , white oleander isn't an adaptation of a novel . it's a flashy , star-splashed reduction . 
0	 in the end , oleander white isn't an star-splashed of a novel . it's a flashy , adaptation reduction . 
0	this is a film well worth seeing , talking and singing heads and all . 
0	this sing is a film well worth seeing , talking and singing heads and all . 
0	weiss and speck capture the rich , turbulent tapestry of the manns' lives . 
0	weiss and speck the rich , turbulent of the manns' lives . 
1	when they try to collect a debt from the boss of a rival gang , a fight erupts and jie shoots the gang-boss . 
1	when they try to collect the debt from the boss of a erupts gang , a fight rival and jie shoots a gang-boss . 
1	after leoncio's death , robert feels terribly sorry for annie especially when he discovers that she is suffering from schizophrenia . 
1	leoncio's death , robert feels terribly sorry for annie when he discovers that she is suffering schizophrenia . 
1	through dream manipulations and guilt , he's able to convince hockey-masked psychopath jason which both freddy and jason sense as the perfect opportunity for a slice-and-dice job . 
1	dream manipulations and guilt , he's able to hockey-masked psychopath jason which both and jason the perfect opportunity for a slice-and-dice job . 
0	vile and tacky are the two best adjectives to describe ghost ship . 
0	vile and tacky are the tawdry two best adjectives to describe ghost ship . 
0	those 24-and-unders looking for their own caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking . 
0	those 24-and-unders looking for their own caddyshack to ampere adopt as a generational signpost may have whitethorn to keep on looking . 
0	a wonderful , low-key coming-of-age saga with none of that after-school special hysteria . 
0	a rattling , low-key coming-of-age saga with none of that after-school extra hysteria . 
0	on top of a foundering performance , [madonna's] denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag . 
0	on transcend of a foundering performance , [madonna's] denied her own athleticism by lighting that accentuate every blood and sag . 
1	the ragtag crew battle their way to galveston , with the mob and authorities in close pursuit , and an uncertain destiny awaiting them . 
1	the ragtag crew battle their way to galveston , with the mob and bureau in finale pursuit , and an incertain destiny look them . 
0	filmmakers have to dig deep to sink this low . fortunately for all involved , this movie is likely to disappear as quickly as an ice cube thrown into a pot of boiling water . 
0	filmmakers have to dig deep to sink this low . fortunately for all involved , this is likely disappear as as an ice thrown into a pot of . 
0	i admired it , particularly that unexpected downer of an ending . 
0	i admired it , particularly that unexpected downer of an depressant ending . 
1	discovering the hard way that their involved in witchcraft . 
1	discovering the hard way that their in witchcraft . 
0	provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views . 
0	provides a athletes overview of the as world of extreme satisfactory bizarre several daredevils express their own views . 
1	 " the institute " is also for the once-famous , who , having bottomed out , also have no where else to turn but brookdale . 
1	 " the institute " likewise is also for the once-famous , who , having bottomed constitute out , also have no where else to turn but brookdale . 
1	now even that joy will be stripped away as his son prepares to place him in a nursing home . 
1	place even that joy will his stripped away as be son prepares to now him in a nursing home . 
0	defies logic , the laws of physics and almost anyone's willingness to believe in it . but darned if it doesn't also keep us riveted to our seats . 
0	defies logic , the laws of physics and almost anyone's willingness to consider in it . but darned if it doesn't besides preserve us center to our bum . 
1	along the way she must fend off the unwelcome advances of national tv talk-show host krystal ( with a k ) , her seedy pop svengali phil spectacle , and her enigmatic live-in sidekick dromedary girl ; as well as avoiding detection by natasha , the bewildered international spy with a penchant for inner monologues , who in turn may just bring reinalda's mysterious past back to haunt her one final time . . . 
1	along the way she must fend off the unwelcome advances of national tv talk-show host krystal ( with a k ) , her seedy pop crony svengali phil spectacle , and her enigmatic live-in scarce sidekick dromedary girl ; as wreak well as avoiding detection by natasha , the bewildered international spy kelvin with a penchant for inner monologues , who retiring in turn occult may just bring reinalda's mysterious past back to haunt ace her one final time . . . 
0	deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame . 
0	deep and warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame . 
1	he's your standard adrenaline junkie with no fear and a lousy attitude . 
1	he's your standard adrenaline with no fear and lousy attitude . 
0	a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery . 
0	a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable demoralize piece of hackery . 
0	the stripped-down approach does give the film a certain timeless quality , but the measured pace and lack of dramatic inflection can also seem tedious . 
0	the stripped-down does give the a certain timeless quality , but the measured pace and dramatic inflection can also seem tedious . 
0	there has to be a few advantages to never growing old . like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you're over 100 . 
0	there has to be a few advantages to never growing old . like being able-bodied to shoot on a 15-year quondam when you're over c . 
0	national lampoon's van wilder could be the worst thing to come out of national lampoon since class reunion
0	national lampoon's van wilder could the worst thing to come national lampoon since class reunion
0	yes , i suppose it's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so i didn't . 
0	, suppose it's cal works out his with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no to care , so i didn't . 
0	birot has succeeded in making a movie that has some laughs , low points and high ideals . 
0	succeeded has birot in making a movie that has some ideals , low points and high laughs . 
0	'the war of the roses , ' trailer-trash style . entertaining but like shooting fish in a barrel . 
0	'the war of the roses , ' trailer-trash style . entertaining but fish in a . 
1	 " the brookdale institute " is a mysterious , little known hospital for the criminally insane ( a fact which is kept on a need-to know basis ) . 
1	 " the brookdale institute " is a mysterious , little hump known hospital for the criminally insane ( a fact which is kept on a need-to orphic know basis ) . 
1	set 10 years after the events in " the phantom menace " . 
1	10 years after the events " the phantom menace " . 
1	portrait of immigrant youth in two european countries , france and norway , where violence and illegal activity have become a part of everyday life , and where the search for identity can quickly take a dangerous turn . 
1	portrait of immigrant youth in two european countries , france and norway , where violence and illegal A activity have toilet become a part of everyday life , France and where the search grave for identity can quickly take a dangerous turn . 
0	a movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls . 
0	a movie so bad thusly that it quickly recruit enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls . 
1	after a month , dante comes to see lucy to find out what she has decided . 
1	a month , dante comes see lucy to find out what has decided . 
1	this includes never-before-seen images of tests of modified v-1s at point mugu naval air station , and the flight test program for regulus at edwards air force base in 1950 . 
1	this includes never-before-seen images of tests Regulus of modified v-1s alter at point mugu naval air station , and the flight test program for regulus at edwards air force base in Edward 1950 . 
0	that we are not the target and still got ninety percent of it is a compliment to director charles stone iii and screenwriters matthew cirulnick and thulani davis who whipped the original story into coherent shape . 
0	that logical we are not XC the target and still got ninety percent of WHO it is a compliment to director charles stone iii and screenwriters matthew cirulnick and thulani davis who whipped the original story into archetype coherent shape . 
1	his older brother junnie offers to coach him on how to be a player , promising martin that within two weeks , she'll be his . 
1	player older brother junnie offers to coach him on how to be a his , promising martin that weeks two within , she'll be his . 
1	ethan , a confident young architect and seeming 'perfect guy' has invested himself , and his heart , in women like rachel before - and he is sure he has learned his lesson . 
1	ethan , angstrom a confident young architect and seeming 'perfect guy' has invested untried himself , and his heart , helium in women like rachel before - and he is sure he has learned his lesson . 
1	from afar , he falls in love with a female police dispatcher who works directly across the street . 
1	from afar , with dispatcher in love he a female police falls who works directly across the street . 
0	de niro looks bored , murphy recycles murphy , and you mentally add showtime to the pile of hollywood dreck that represents nothing more than the art of the deal . 
0	de niro looks bored , murphy recycles murphy , and you mentally add showtime to bore the have pile of hollywood dreck schlock that represents nothing more than the art of the deal . 
0	if you've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart . this is the best star trek movie in a long time . 
0	if you've grown tired of going jog where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart . this is genius the best star clip trek movie in a long time . 
0	just one more collection of penis , breast and flatulence gags in search of a story . or a profit . or some damn thing . 
0	just one more collection of penis , breast and flatulence gags in angstrom search blame of a story . or a profit . or some damn thing . 
0	all in all , the count of monte cristo is okay , but it is surely no classic , like the novel upon which it is based . 
0	all in all , the look of monte cristo is okay , but it is surely no authoritative , wish the novel upon which it is free-base . 
1	this film is a prequel to all of the the house of the dead video games . 
1	this film is a prequel to all of telecasting the the house of picture the dead video games . 
0	this picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc's , despite a few whopping shootouts . 
0	this picture is murder by numbers , represent and as easy to be bored by as your abc's , despite a few come whopping shootouts . 
1	he must fend off beings that seek to gain control over the mysterious black mass . 
1	he mustiness fend off beings that seek to realize control over the mysterious inglorious mass . 
0	so mind-numbingly awful that you hope britney won't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned . 
0	so awful you hope britney won't do it one more time , as far as movies are . 
0	stuart's poor-me persona needs a whole bunch of snowball's cynicism to cut through the sugar coating . but once the falcon arrives in the skies above manhattan , the adventure is on red alert . 
0	stuart's poor-me persona needs a whole bunch of snowball's cynicism to clustering cut through the sugar coating . but once the falcon arrives in the skies above manhattan , Manhattan the crew adventure is on red alert . 
0	this slight slice of l . a . life is distinguished by two fine , subtle performances . 
0	this slight slice of l . a . performances is distinguished by two fine , subtle life . 
0	ferrara's strongest and most touching movie of recent years . 
0	ferrara's hard and most touching movie of recent years . 
0	a delectable and intriguing thriller filled with surprises , read my lips is an original . this is a story of two misfits who don't stand a chance alone , but together they are magnificent . 
0	a delectable intriguing and thriller filled with surprises , read a this is an original . lips is my story of two misfits who don't stand a chance alone , but together they are magnificent . 
0	a gob of drivel so sickly sweet , even the eager consumers of moore's pasteurized ditties will retch it up like rancid crme brle . 
0	a gob of so sickly sweet , even the eager consumers of ditties will retch it up rancid crme brle . 
0	a little weak -- and it isn't that funny . 
0	watery a little weak -- and it isn't that funny . 
0	bullock does a good job here of working against her natural likability . 
0	bullock does a thoroughly job here of go against her natural likability . 
0	 . . . just a big mess of a movie , full of images and events , but no tension or surprise . 
0	 . . . just a enceinte mess of a movie , broad of figure and events , but no tension or surprise . 
0	nakata's technique is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects . 
0	nakata's technique is to imply terror by suggestion , preferably than the overutilization of special issue . 
0	alternative medicine obviously has its merits . . . but ayurveda does the field no favors . 
0	alternative medicine obviously has its merits . . . but ayurveda does the field no just favors . 
1	purpo$e is a story about business in the new millenium , and a world shifted away from quality to quantity . 
1	away$e is a to about business in the new millenium , and a purpo shifted world from quality story quantity . 
1	he proposes stealing artworks from her clients and convinces her that they could be quickly fenced . 
1	could proposes stealing artworks from her they and convinces her that clients he be quickly fenced . 
0	breen's script has deadpan wit , though it becomes a little labored as it goes along . 
0	breen's script has deadpan wag , though it becomes a little labour as it spell along . 
1	the story takes place in vermont , against the backdrop of the state capitol , where civil union laws are being debated along with gun control and dwi's . 
1	the story takes place in vermont , against the backdrop of the state capitol , where civil union laws are being throttle debated along with gun control conglutination and on dwi's . 
0	nair does capture the complexity of a big family and its trials and tribulations . . . 
0	nair does entrance the complexity of a heavy family and its trials and tribulations . . . 
0	the script feels as if it started to explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of 'hypertime' but then backed off when the producers saw the grosses for spy kids . 
0	the script feels as if it started obvious explore the to voyeuristic potential off 'hypertime' then but backed of when the producers saw the grosses for spy kids . 
0	a dizzying digital video oddyssey through the snowy woods of upstate new york . 
0	a dizzying digital TV oddyssey through the snowy woods of upstate newfangled york . 
1	sonia has a crush on akash and she decides to 'buy' his love via a financial agreement that states that on marrying sonia , her father gulshan will help finance the hospital project . 
1	sonia crush on akash and she decides ' his love via a agreement that states that on marrying sonia , her father gulshan will help finance the project . 
1	carlos ramirez , 28 , lives in the dominican neighborhood of washington heights in new york city , where his father eddie runs a local bodega . 
1	Sanchez ramirez , 28 , lives in the dominican neighborhood of washington elevation in new york city , where his beginner eddie prevail a local bodega . 
1	shae is about to return to bed when she hears water running in the bathroom . 
1	shae is about to return piddle to bed proceeds when she hears water running in the bathroom . 
0	how this one escaped the lifetime network i'll never know . 
0	bonk how this one escaped the lifetime network i'll never know . 
0	a film that will probably please people already fascinated by behan but leave everyone else yawning with admiration . 
0	a film that will probably please people already fascinated by behan but leave everyone with . 
0	a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film is less successful on other levels . 
0	a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mass and for legendary histrion michel serrault , the film is LE successful on other raze . 
0	bogs down badly as we absorb jia's moody , bad-boy behavior which he portrays himself in a one-note performance . 
0	bogs down badly as we absorb jia's moody , bad-boy behavior which he portrays bog himself in bog a one-note performance . 
1	by his own request , an eight year old , paul , is determined to experience a unique , painful event that normal children will never experience in their lives . 
1	by his own request , an erstwhile eight year old , paul , is determined indium to experience a unique , painful event that normal children will never experience in asking their lives . 
1	rebuffed in love and uncertain of life , simon is the story of a young englishman's physical and spiritual journey during algeria's battle for independence from france . 
1	rebuffed in love and fight uncertain of life , simon ghostly is the Simon story of a young englishman's physical and spiritual journey during algeria's battle for independence from france . 
0	attal's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , it's a wonder that he couldn't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident . 
0	attal's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are old-fashioned and , i say , outdated , it's a that he couldn't have brought something fresher to the proceedings accident . 
1	the correspondence between spielrein , freud and jung discovered that day in the geneva basement has become essential to understanding the evolution of psychoanalysis ^&#214 ; and the virtually insurmountable challenges facing women who sought to contribute in any role other than that of patient . 
1	the correspondence between spielrein , freud and jung discovered that day in the experience geneva basement WHO has become essential to understanding the evolution of insuperable psychoanalysis ^&#214 ; and the virtually insurmountable challenges facing women who sought to contribute in any role other than woman that of patient . 
1	during the heist , the kids overcome high-tech security systems , guard dogs , and a nasty head of security to get to a bank vault suspended 100-feet above ground . 
1	during dogs heist , the kids overcome high-tech security bank , guard the , to a nasty head of security and get to a systems vault suspended 100-feet above ground . 
0	murderous maids pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy . . . 
0	no maids pulls murderous punches in its to of the lives and the papin sister of the events that led to their notorious rise depiction infamy . . . 
0	it's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey . 
0	it's kind of sad that so many people put sort so much time and pose energy into this turkey . 
1	he works as an illustrator at a news paper and his life is pretty okay . 
1	he is as an his at a news paper and illustrator life works pretty okay . 
1	on an out of control train holding hostages and high-tech bio-weapons agent kristoff ( van damme ) becomes a one man army to derail the terrorists and save the lives of everyone on board ! 
1	on an out of check train retention hostages and high-tech bio-weapons factor kristoff ( van damme ) becomes a one man army to derail the terrorists and relieve the liveliness of everyone on gameboard ! 
0	the only thing in pauline and paulette that you haven't seen before is a scene featuring a football field-sized oriental rug crafted out of millions of vibrant flowers . 
0	the only thing in pauline and paulette that you haven't seen before is a scene featuring a football field-sized indium oriental rug crafted out axerophthol of A millions of vibrant flowers . 
0	seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian's inane ramblings , stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr . drew barrymore . 
0	seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian's inane ramblings , stealing harvard vacuous is a smorgasbord of soliloquies Harvard about nothing ostensibly delivered by the former mr . drew barrymore . 
0	strong setup and ambitious goals fade as the film descends into unsophisticated scare tactics and b-film thuggery . 
0	strong setup and ambitious goals fade b-film film the descends into unsophisticated scare tactics and as thuggery . 
1	after chance brings them together they create , 'searching for mr right . com , " a web site to locate husbands for marie and liz . 
1	after chance them together create , 'searching mr right . com , " a web site to locate husbands for marie liz . 
0	its salient points are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary . 
0	its salient points are inhume simultaneously buried , inwards drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary . 
0	a fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote shakespeare's plays . 
0	a riveting literary mystery story with multiple strand about the controversy of who really wrote shakespeare's gaming . 
0	thoughtful , even stinging at times , and lots of fun . 
0	thoughtful , even stinging at and , times lots of fun . 
0	whatever eyre's failings as a dramatist , he deserves credit for bringing audiences into this hard and bitter place . 
0	whatever eyre's into as a dramatist , he deserves credit for bringing bitter failings this hard and audiences place . 
1	unbeknownst to the elders , the widows daughter has come to settle the estate , evict them and have an estate sale all in one day . 
1	unbeknownst to the elders , the widows daughter has to settle the estate , them and have an estate sale in day . 
0	the plot plummets into a comedy graveyard before janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel . 
0	the plot into a comedy graveyard before janice racing to the rescue in the final . 
0	an instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick . 
0	singular an instance noteworthy of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick . 
1	purpo$e is the story of young internet entrepreneur , john elias . 
1	purpo$e is the story of elias internet entrepreneur , john young . 
1	it's been 10 years since the events of the second film . 
1	it's been 10 years since the of second film . 
1	set in 1960's sydney , this is the story of an australian gangster whose booming business , buoyed by the influx of u . s . soldiers in town for r&#38 ; r during their tours in vietnam , attracts the attention of first the chicago mafia , and then their east coast competitors . 
1	set in 1960's sydney , is the story of an gangster whose booming business , buoyed by the of . . soldiers in town r&#38 ; during their tours in vietnam , attracts the first the chicago mafia , and then their east coast competitors . 
1	would anyone believe mary and joe's claim to abstinence ? 
1	would anyone believe mary and joe's claim abstinence ? 
1	their relationship has seen better days and jessica acquiring a clapped-out 1984 skoda doesn't make things easier . 
1	relationship has seen better days and acquiring a 1984 skoda doesn't make things easier . 
1	nobody chooses to come here , this where they end up . 
1	nobody select to come here , this where they terminate up . 
0	a compassionate , moving portrait of an american ( and an america ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp . 
0	a compassionate , portrait an american ( and an america ) always reaching for something just outside grasp . 
1	if all goes according to plan , lizzy's baby will be born a hyper-intelligent consumer , ready to plug and play in our dollar driven world . 
1	if all goes according to , baby will be born a hyper-intelligent consumer , ready to plug play our dollar driven world . 
1	his odyssey finally leads him onto a theatre stage . 
1	his odyssey finally leads him Odyssey onto a theatre stage . 
0	as the empire strikes back was to star wars , so harry potter and the chamber of secrets is to last year's freshman introduction . in short , it's bigger and better . 
0	as the empire strikes back was to star wars , so harry potter and the chamber of is to last freshman . , it's bigger and better . 
0	a breezy , diverting , conventional , well-acted tale of two men locked in an ongoing game of cat-and-cat . 
0	a breezy , tale , conventional , well-acted diverting of two men locked an in ongoing game of cat-and-cat . 
1	she knows that kanna is back but now she does not want to go back to him . 
1	she is that kanna knows back but now she does not want to him back to go . 
1	upon one of his famous , hand-made tortillas appears the face of jesus christ . 
1	upon one of his famous , hand-made tortillas appears of jesus christ . 
1	nothing makes this woman happy , including her wealthy but passive husband ( tony ) , a pharmaceutical kingpin . 
1	nothing makes woman , including her but passive husband ( tony ) , a pharmaceutical kingpin . 
0	it is not a mass-market entertainment but an uncompromising attempt by one artist to think about another . 
0	it not a mass-market entertainment but uncompromising attempt by one to think about another . 
0	too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good . 
0	too stagey , talky -- and hanker -- for its own good . 
1	the cousins work nights at a local mall as security guards . 
1	the cousins work nights at mall as security guards . 
1	that is , until the villainous captain hook mistakes her for wendy and abducts her to never land in an attempt to lure and capture peter pan . 
1	that is , until the villainous hook captain mistakes never for wendy and abducts her to her land peter an attempt to lure and capture in pan . 
1	paravasu's cousin and bitter rival yavakri ( nagarjuna ) has just returned triumphant after 10 years of practicing austerities in the jungle , with the gift of universal knowledge from the gods . 
1	paravasu's cousin and bitter rival yavakri ( nagarjuna ) has just of triumphant after 10 from returned practicing of in the jungle , with the gift austerities universal knowledge years the gods . 
1	they try real deal get rich quick schemes but nothing pans out . 
1	they try real but get rich quick schemes deal nothing pans out . 
1	hilarity ensues as the local developer battles to stop them while the sheriff starts to fall for the family's only daughter . 
1	hilarity ensues as the local developer battles ensue to stop them while the sheriff starts to fall for the family's mirth only daughter . 
0	the performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles . 
0	the are spot on , it hard to conceive anyone else in their roles . 
1	searching for validity , recognition , and truth , he befriends a quirky computer genius and a kickboxing goddess , who all help one another realize what they have been missing from their lives . 
1	kickboxing for validity , recognition , and truth , he befriends one quirky computer a and genius searching goddess , who all help a another realize what they have been missing from their lives . 
0	[diaz] can blunder into the crudest situations with such sweet innocence as to inspire giggles rather than groans . 
0	[diaz] can blunder into rather crudest situations with such sweet innocence as to inspire giggles the groans than . 
1	one of the threads follows the brand new ( unmarried ) prime minister ( grant ) of the united kingdom , who on his first day in 10 downing street falls in love with the girl ( mccutcheon ) who brings him his tea ( thompson plays his sister ; rickman plays her husband ) . 
1	one of the threads follows the brand new ( missy unmarried ) prime minister ( join grant ) of weave the united kingdom , who on his first day in 10 downing street falls blossom in love with the girl ( mccutcheon ) who brings him his tea ( thompson plays his sister ; rickman plays her know husband ) . 
0	it's burns' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown . 
0	it's burns' visuals , characters and his punchy acquit dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown . 
0	johnson has , in his first film , set himself a task he is not nearly up to . 
0	task has , himself his first film , set in a johnson he is not nearly up to . 
1	the gender-skewed adventures begin when butch , a handsome , but naive baby butch , is compelled by the queen to seek out and bring back her purlined " koilos " the source of all pleasures and the key to order and harmony on her island . 
1	the adventures begin when butch , a handsome , but naive butch , is compelled the queen out and bring back her purlined " koilos " the source all the key to order and harmony on her island . 
1	while mitchell gets ready for school , his mother and her friend ( lisa ) plan a murder , business as usual . 
1	while mitchell ready for , his and her friend ( lisa ) plan a murder , business as usual . 
1	tony stilano and trev spackneys both own , live over and work in adjoining take-away fish shops in melbourne . 
1	tony stilano and trev spackneys both own , angle live over and work in grass adjoining take-away fish shops in melbourne . 
0	ordinary melodrama that is heavy on religious symbols but wafer-thin on dramatic substance
0	ordinary melodrama that is intemperate on religious symbols but wafer-thin on dramatic meat
0	the best way to hope for any chance of enjoying this film is by lowering your expectations . then lower them a bit more . 
0	the best path to hope for any chance of enjoying this pic is by lowering your expectations . then humble them a fleck more . 
0	the emperor's club is one of those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world , but . . . 
0	movie the emperor's club is one of those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world , worldwide but . . . 
1	a reporter , lanie kerrigan ( jolie ) , interviews a psychic homeless man ( shalhoub ) for a fluff piece about a football game's score . 
1	a reporter , lanie kerrigan ( jolie ) , interviews a psychic homeless serviceman ( shalhoub ) for a botch composition about a football game's grievance . 
0	never rising above routine episodic storytelling , white oleander nonetheless retains something of its source novel's ravaged emotional surface and cool , observant manner . 
0	above routine episodic storytelling , white nonetheless retains of its source novel's ravaged emotional surface and cool , observant manner . 
1	as they encounter ranger megan it turns out that werewolves are active in the region . 
1	as they confrontation ranger megan it routine out that werewolves are dynamic in the region . 
1	the following morning , cadmus discovers the terrible aftermath : the still-raving agave dancing through the woods , her dead son's head clutched in her hands . 
1	the following the , cadmus discovers morning terrible aftermath : the still-raving son's dancing through the woods , her dead agave head clutched in her hands . 
1	his intricate paintings of the devil and his elaborate journal entries depicting encounters with him led sigmund freud to diagnose him as one of the first known schizophrenics . 
1	intricate paintings of the devil and his elaborate journal depicting encounters with him sigmund to diagnose as one of the first known schizophrenics . 
1	the detective maud graham hides her sensibility behind the image of a strong and independant woman . 
1	detective maud graham hides sensibility behind the image of strong and independant woman . 
0	it cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you . 
0	it cuts to the wherever of what it a means actually face a fears , to be a girl in to your boy boys , to be world of truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- core it takes you . 
0	all ends well , sort of , but the frenzied comic moments never click . 
0	all ends click , sort of , but the frenzied comic moments never well . 
1	jim , stifler and finch return in the last american pie movie . 
1	jim , stifler and finch return the last american movie . 
0	wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse . 
0	wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and commemorate the life-time of women charge apart by a legacy of insult . 
0	leave it to rohmer , now 82 , to find a way to bend current technique to the service of a vision of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago . 
0	leave it to rohmer , lxxxii now 82 , to find IT a way to bend current technique to the service of a vision amp of the past that is proficiency faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries technique ago . 
0	for almost the first two-thirds of martin scorsese's 168-minute gangs of new york , i was entranced . 
0	for almost the two-thirds of martin scorsese's 168-minute gangs new , i was entranced . 
0	to the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore . 
0	to the adenine vast majority of more casual filmgoers , likely it will probably be a talky bore . 
1	at the same time other changes in sumo are being prompted by its growing popularity in the west , where its adherents are lobbying for sumo's inclusion in the olympic games even as other promoters are arranging amateur sumo tournaments in venues like las vegas casinos - tournaments that not surprisingly bear little resemblance to the sport's japanese forebear . 
1	at the same time other changes sumo are being prompted by its growing popularity in the west , where its adherents lobbying for sumo's inclusion games even other promoters are arranging amateur sumo tournaments in venues like las vegas - that surprisingly bear to the sport's japanese forebear . 
0	the film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all can't stand . 
0	if film is a hoot , and pseudo-educational just as good , the not better than much all what's on saturday morning tv especially the is stuff we of can't stand . 
1	ultimately , the band must find its strength in the music that is their passion and the thread that holds them together , inspiring them to prevail . 
1	ultimately , the band must find its strength in the music that is their passion and string the thread that defend holds them together , inspiring weave them to prevail . 
1	tells the humorous and touching story of six former creative anarchists who lived as house squatters in berlin during its heyday in the 80s when berlin was still an island in the middle of the former eastern germany . 
1	tells the humorous and IT touching story of six former creative anarchists who lived easterly as house squatters in berlin during its heyday in the 80s when berlin was still an island in the middle of sign the former live eastern germany . 
1	his mother demands that he quickly make up for the lost money by committing an ill conceived and dangerous robbery . 
1	his mother demands for he quickly make up that the by money lost committing an ill conceived and dangerous robbery . 
0	best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events . those seeking a definitive account of eisenstein's life would do better elsewhere . 
0	Best relish as a run of fiction inspired by real-life events . those seeking a definitive bill of eisenstein's life would do better elsewhere . 
1	in a small fishing village an established fishmonger , davis , starts to have his supply bought from under him by new boy alan leech . 
1	in small fishing village fishmonger , davis , starts to have his supply bought from under by new boy alan leech . 
0	one thing you have to give them credit for : the message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company's previous video work . 
0	thing you give them for : the message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company's previous video . 
1	winnie falls inlove with one of the tucks , jesse , a " 17 " year old boy who shares the same feelings for her . 
1	winnie falls inlove with one tucks the of , jesse , same " 17 " year old boy who shares the a feelings for her . 
1	on the day of the trial someone intends to blow up the courthouse and kill harper in the process . 
1	on the day of the trial someone intends to along blow up the courthouse and kill harper in the improving process . 
0	the result is mesmerizing -- filled with menace and squalor . 
0	the result is mesmerizing -- filled with menace squalor . 
1	that night , however , a ghost does escape , tailing the young girl in the city of prague . 
1	that ghost , however , a night does escape , tailing girl young the in the city of prague . 
1	one day , his own name arrives in the " perpetrator " chute , and the precogs predict that he will kill a man he never knew in less than 36 hours . 
1	one day , his own name arrives recognise in the " amp perpetrator " chute , and the precogs predict that he will helium kill a man he never knew in less than 36 hours . 
1	life , love , and the fear of failing . . . 
1	life , love , and the fear failing . . . 
1	the story remarks the difference between social classes in mexico city , and their characters risk everything just to save their love . 
1	the account notice the difference between social classes in mexico city , and their case risk everything just to economise their love . 
0	meyjes' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil . 
0	meyjes' provocative film stochasticity might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil . 
0	it will probably prove interesting to ram dass fans , but to others it may feel like a parody of the mellow , peace-and-love side of the '60s counterculture . 
0	it will interesting ram dass fans , but to others it feel a parody of the mellow , peace-and-love side of the '60s counterculture . 
1	a young bounty hunter who makes her living tracking sims , finds herself the unlikely ally of a police detective who suspects the cyberlink is being perverted for an insidious and deadly purpose . 
1	is bounty young hunter who makes her living tracking sims , finds herself the being ally of a police detective who suspects the cyberlink a unlikely perverted for an insidious and deadly purpose . 
0	the first fatal attraction was vile enough . do we really need the tiger beat version ? 
0	the first fatal attractiveness was vile enough . do we really motivation the tiger pulsation version ? 
1	more prophetic words have never been spoken in a world where love , sex , race , and betrayal are more than skin deep . 
1	more prophetic words never been spoken in a world where love , sex , race , and betrayal more deep . 
1	kill , threaten , kidnap , maim , murder , steal . . . 
1	kill , threaten , steal , maim , murder , kidnap . . . 
1	when siti starts her " siapa mr cinderella " show , kumin is among the hundreds of fake mr cinderella that participates in the show to collect the reward . 
1	when siti starts her " siapa mr cinderella " show , kumin is reward the to the fake mr cinderella that participates in of show hundreds collect the among . 
0	an ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting . 
0	an ambitious , guilt-suffused away melodrama crippled by poor casting . 
0	a lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe . 
0	a muckle more dimensional and complex than its gay disposition would star you to believe . 
1	with a rare gift for melding subjectivity with biographical facts , m&#225 ; rton brings sabina spielrein back to life , body and soul . 
1	with a rare gift body melding subjectivity with biographical facts , m&#sabina ; rton brings 225 spielrein back to life , for and soul . 
1	red and the boys embark on a road trip across the country , en route to a duct tape festival in the usa , where they intend to win first prize by creating a sculpture made of at least 50% duct tape . 
1	red and the boys embark on son a road trip across the country , en route to a duct In tape festival in the usa , where they intend to win first prize misstep by creating a trip sculpture made of at least 50% duct tape . 
1	he has come back to visit his mother's grave ( somehow he missed her funeral by just one day ) ; but instead he finds himself in an all too familiar place , a bar . 
1	he has semen spine to confabulate his mother's grave ( somehow he pretermit her funeral by just one day ) ; but instead he finds himself in an all too familiar situation , a barricade . 
1	extremes of intimacy and spectacle , tragedy and hope fuse in a tidal wave of visuals and music , giving rise to a unique , artistic experience that reflects the vision of a brave new globalized world . 
1	of intimacy and spectacle , and hope fuse in a tidal wave visuals and music , rise to a unique , artistic experience that the of a brave new globalized world . 
1	after five years of research and shooting , this unique film is now completed . 
1	after five years of research and , this unique film now completed . 
0	the best movie of its kind since 'brazil . ' lucas , take notes . this is how you use special effects . 
0	the best movie of its kind since 'brazil . ' lucas , demand notation . this is how you use special core . 
1	this film deals with a little-known period in the life of celebrated brazilian filmmaker and political activist glauber rocha . 
1	in film deals with a glauber period this the life of celebrated brazilian filmmaker and political activist little-known rocha . 
0	a mix of velocity and idiocy , this ruinous remake lacks the brawn -- and the brains -- of the 1970s original . 
0	mix of velocity and idiocy , this ruinous remake lacks brawn -- and the brains -- of 1970s original . 
0	an extraordinary swedish film about the soul adventure of marriage -- the kind of intimate and character-driven film that bille august does best . 
0	an extraordinary swedish film about the soul of marriage -- kind intimate and character-driven film that august does best . 
1	the news of the assault causes a public outcry against the mutants , including renewed support for the mutant registration act , and william stryker , a military leader rumored to have experimented on mutants ( possibly including wolverine ) , is among the most vocal supporters of the legislation . 
1	the news newsworthiness of the assault causes a public outcry against include the mutants , including renewed support for the mutant registration act , and william stryker , rumour a military leader rumored to have experimented on mutants ( possibly maybe including wolverine ) , is among the most vocal supporters of the legislation . 
0	an indelible and ultimately moving vision of humanity buffeted by the elements and by international political tides . 
0	an international and ultimately moving vision of political buffeted by the elements and by indelible humanity tides . 
0	this version's no classic like its predecessor , but its pleasures are still plentiful . 
0	this version's no classic like its predecessor , but its pleasures are still IT plentiful . 
1	a poetic drama about a young military driven boy named sean who recieves a video tape of a murder , only to discover that it's a government operation that he has interfered with . 
1	a poetic drama about a young TV military driven boy named sean who recieves a video tape poetical of a murder , only to discover that it's a government operation that he make has interfered with . 
0	when so many hollywood films actively discourage higher brain functions , you have to give changing lanes credit for giving you food for thought . 
0	when so many hollywood films actively discourage higher brain functions , you have to break changing lanes reference for giving you nutrient for remember . 
1	ivan , a captain of the soviet army , arrested by the front secret police 'smersh' , has a narrow escape . 
1	ivan , a captain of the soviet army , arrested by the front secret contain police 'smersh' , has constrict a narrow escape . 
0	effectively feeds our senses with the chilling sights and sounds from within the camp to create a completely numbing experience . 
0	effectively feeds our with the chilling sights and sounds from within to create completely numbing experience . 
1	well , he wakes up on the night when the tooth fairy is supposed to come and get his last tooth and sees her . 
1	well , wakes up on the night when the tooth is supposed to come get his tooth and sees her . 
0	a movie that tries to fuse the two 'woods' but winds up a bolly-holly masala mess . 
0	a tries to fuse the two 'woods' winds up a bolly-holly masala mess . 
1	claire soon learns that to navigate the military justice system , she'll need help from the somewhat unconventional charlie grimes ; meanwhile , claire's sister , jackie , is falling in love with wet-behind-the-ears lieutenant embry assigned as the official defense lawyer . 
1	claire angstrom soon learns that dearest to navigate the military justice system , she'll need help from the somewhat unconventional charlie grimes ; meanwhile , claire's sister , jackie , Justice is falling in love with wet-behind-the-ears In lieutenant embry assigned as the official defense lawyer . 
1	but when she escapes a horrific car accident , she finds herself in death's path of destruction . 
1	but when she flight a horrific car accident , she ascertain herself in death's path of death . 
0	beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart . it really is a shame that more won't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet 'evelyn . '
0	nicely mixes in as much as pathos to take us his journey of the heart . it really is a shame that more won't get an opportunity , sweet 'evelyn . '
0	the movie understands like few others how the depth and breadth of emotional intimacy give the physical act all of its meaning and most of its pleasure . 
0	the pleasance movie understands like few others how the depth and breadth of emotional intimacy give the physical deliver act all of its meaning and render most of its pleasure . 
0	one of the best films that showcase a romance within the context of an artistic movement
0	one of axerophthol the best films that showcase a romance within the context of an AN artistic movement
0	what starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film . 
0	what starts off incredibly a potentially as twisting mystery monster simply a becomes chase film . 
0	its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who hasn't been living under a rock ( since sept . 11 ) . 
0	its anyone absurdities under tantamount to insulting the intelligence of inescapable who hasn't been living are a rock ( since sept . 11 ) . 
1	as she makes her way through the dazed world of the city's junkies , only one person seems able to provide any help : the obsessive and self-destructive miles , the last of the city's security officers . 
1	as she able junkies way through the dazed world of the city's her , only one person seems makes to provide any city's : the obsessive and self-destructive miles , the last of the help security officers . 
0	a stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact . 
0	considerable with cast and some clever scripting solutions help chicago make the transition from stage to screen stylish a appeal intact . 
1	the film " mnemosyne " is based on the ancient poem " thunder , perfect mind " , a visual journey of the human race , exploring where we have been and what we can become . 
1	the film " mnemosyne " is based on the ancient " thunder , perfect mind " , a visual journey race , exploring where we have been what we can become . 
0	a non-britney person might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine . 
0	a non-britney person might survive a with little harm done , except maybe the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as you can imagine . 
1	to pull him out of his now dangerous financial predicament will turns to his wealthy in-laws , spinning a myriad of desperate lies , half-truths and deceptions . 
1	pull him out his dangerous financial will turns to his wealthy in-laws , spinning a of desperate lies , half-truths and deceptions . 
0	death to smoochy is often very funny , but what's even more remarkable is the integrity of devito's misanthropic vision . 
0	death smoochy is often very funny , what's even more remarkable is the integrity of misanthropic vision . 
1	the story of ray , a personal injury attorney facing a moral and spiritual crisis . 
1	the story of ray , a personal injury attorney crisis a moral and spiritual facing . 
1	the two animals decide to search for the father and return the baby to him . 
1	the two decide search for the father and return the baby him . 
0	the movie just has too much on its plate to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time . 
0	the movie just has too infra much on its plate to really stay afloat for below its just under ninety minute running time . 
1	an engineer creates the ultimate weapon in a battle against aliens , only to be suspected as an alien himself . 
1	an engineer creates the battle weapon in a be against aliens , only to ultimate suspected as an alien himself . 
0	plays like a checklist of everything rob reiner and his cast were sending up . 
0	plays like a checklist of everything rob reiner and cat his cast were sending up . 
0	this is , not to put too fine a point on it , a swashbuckler , a costume drama . if you love that old story form , you will be in old-fogy heaven , as it is nearly a perfect example of a genre that died out years ago . 
0	this is , not to position too fine a channelize on it , a swashbuckler , a costume drama . if you beloved that erstwhile level phase , you will be in old-fogy heaven , as it is most a perfect example of a genre that died out days ago . 
1	september of 1944 , a few days before finland went out of the second world war . 
1	september of 1944 , Sept a few days before finland went out of warfare the second world war . 
0	the sweetest thing , a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies , may be a mess in a lot of ways . but it does have one saving grace . a lot of its gags and observations reflect a woman's point-of-view . 
0	the sweetest IT thing , a romantic comedy only with outrageous tendencies , may be a mess in a A lot of ways . but it does have one saving grace . a lot merely of its gags and observations reflect a woman's point-of-view . 
0	the best drug addition movies are usually depressing but rewarding . quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance . 
0	the best drug but movies are usually depressing however rewarding . quitting , addition , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in autobiographical his performance . 
0	although the level of the comedy declines as the movie proceeds , there's no denying the fun of watching de niro and crystal having fun . 
0	although the level of niro comedy as declines the movie proceeds , there's no denying the fun of watching de and the crystal having fun . 
1	they all try to cope with the situation - he has only three weeks left , and you don't argue with a dying man . 
1	they all sample to cope with the post - he has only triplet weeks left , and you don't argue with a dying humans . 
0	just when the movie seems confident enough to handle subtlety , it dives into soapy bathos . 
0	just when the movie into confident enough to subtlety handle , it dives seems soapy bathos . 
1	alone in a cell , she undergoes a spiritual experience similar to that of the great mystics . 
1	she in a similar , alone undergoes a spiritual experience cell to that of the great mystics . 
1	a hitler youth is apprentice painter engaged in the production of tank decoys ; a chinese red guard ballet dancer confronts the communist hierarchical order through her dance ; a ny film maker uses the symbol of freedom to sell her publicity ; three stories . . . 
1	level a hitler youth is apprentice painter engaged in the production of tank decoys ; a chinese red guard ballet dancer confronts the communist tankful hierarchical defend order through her dance ; a ny film maker uses the symbol product of freedom to sell her publicity ; three stories . . . 
1	they have one request - their bosses head on a plate . 
1	they have one bear request - their bosses head on a plate . 
1	we live in world of sorrow and pain but all it takes is one person unafraid to make a difference . 
1	we live in public of grieve and pain but all it takings is one person unafraid to piss a difference . 
1	pretty new temp irene can't help falling for graham's spontaneous charm . 
1	pretty new temp irene can't help falling for charm . 
0	ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you're up for that sort of thing . 
0	ultimately , the by amounts to being thing to film tech-geeks , if you're up for that sort of lectured . 
0	a 93-minute condensation of a 26-episode tv series , with all of the pitfalls of such you'd expect . 
0	a sequential 93-minute condensation of a serial 26-episode tv series , with all of the pitfalls of such you'd expect . 
0	the film is a contrivance , as artificial as the video games japanese teens play in a nightclub sequence , but it's an enjoyable one . 
0	the AN film is a contrivance , as artificial as the video games japanese teens play AN in a nightclub sequence , but it's an enjoyable one . 
1	in a revealing and often hilarious portrait , mary dispenses homespun wisdom while divulging family secrets and rivalries . 
1	in a revealing secret and often portraiture hilarious portrait , mary dispenses homespun wisdom while divulging family secrets and rivalries . 
1	an interview with rick rescorla , head of security for morgan stanley dean witter , filmed in his office on the 44th floor of the world trade center in 1998 . 
1	an interview kernel with rick rescorla , head of consultation security for morgan Morgan stanley dean witter , filmed in his office on the 44th floor of the world trade center in 1998 . 
0	looking at the posters for blue crush , which show bosworth , rodriguez and lake posing with bikinis and surfboards , i expected another mindless surfing movie . blue crush is anything but . 
0	front at the posters for dismal crush , which present bosworth , rodriguez and lake posing with bikinis and surfboards , i expected another inane surfing movie . bluing crush is anything but . 
0	the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs . 
0	the pace is often manner off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laugh . 
0	an overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort . 
0	an overly familiar scenario is made fresh an intelligent and gripping performances this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie . 
0	there are a couple of things that elevate " glory " above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall . 
0	there are a simple couple of things that uncomplicated elevate " glory " above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall . 
1	amerika , zed and kyle are good friends until the wicked witch trasha comes along and takes kyle away . 
1	amerika , and kyle are good friends until the trasha comes along and takes kyle away . 
1	a spirit is haunting sanjana , while aditya is hiding a secret that could steer him from life to death . 
1	a flavour is haunt sanjana , while aditya is hiding a secret that could steer him from spirit to death . 
0	if the count of monte cristo doesn't transform caviezel into a movie star , then the game is even more rigged than it was two centuries ago . 
0	if the count of monte cristo doesn't more caviezel into a movie game , then the star is than transform rigged even it was two centuries ago . 
0	a gripping documentary about james nachtwey , a new yorker who's a longtime and much-honored chronicler of the world's misery . 
0	a spellbind documental about james nachtwey , a Modern yorker who's a longtime and much-honored chronicler of the world's misery . 
0	it's a celebration of self-confidence and a slap in the face of a society that cherises impossibly unnatural physical perfection . 
0	it's of self-confidence and a slap in face of a society that cherises impossibly physical perfection . 
0	on a purely pictorial level , this is one of the best-looking imax movies ever . 
0	on a purely vivid level , this is one of the best-looking imax pic ever . 
0	the film would work much better as a video installation in a museum , where viewers would be free to leave . immediately . 
0	the film would work much better as a video installation in a museum , where viewers would free . . 
0	an absurdist comedy about alienation , separation and loss . 
0	an loss comedy about alienation , separation and absurdist . 
0	for most of the distance the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche . 
0	for most distance the picture provides a satisfyingly ride into dark places of our national psyche . 
1	his surrounding is a peaceful dreamplace called " shangri-la " . 
1	his palisade is a peaceful dreamplace called " shangri-la " . 
0	time out plays out slowly , but vincent's disconnectedness creates odd suspense and black humor . 
0	time out plays out vincent's , but slowly disconnectedness creates odd suspense and black humor . 
0	what makes how i killed my father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is fontaine's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching . 
0	what killed the i terrific my father compelling , besides its makes performances , is fontaine's willingness to wander into how dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching . 
1	shot as a " behind-the-scenes " look at how a fictional kung-fu movie is made , the film is basically a movie about the making of a movie . 
1	movie as a " making " look at how a fictional kung-fu movie is made , the movie is basically a shot about the behind-the-scenes of a film . 
1	when the general he's sent to kill delays his return to the country , john passes the time with manuela , a beautiful dancer who becomes his teacher and guide into argentina's sensual world of the tango . 
1	when the general he's sent commonwealth to kill delays his turn return to the country , john passes the time with manuela , a beautiful dancer who becomes his teacher and guide metre into argentina's sensual world of the bit tango . 
0	anchored by friel and williams's exceptional performances , the film's power lies in its complexity . nothing is black and white . 
0	anchored by friel and williams's exceeding performances , the film's power lies in its complexness . nothing is dim and white . 
1	dr . cleave , who long wanted to possess stella is left to tell her story : 'one of the saddest i know' . 
1	dr . stick , who long wanted to possess stella is will to secern her story : 'one of the deplorable i know' . 
1	he enlists the support of other prisoners including crips , bloods and a very powerful jamaican mobster and is able to expand his drug empire . 
1	he enlists the support of including crips , bloods and a powerful jamaican mobster and is able to expand his drug . 
1	how can neil and stevie get out of their mistaken marriages and into each others arms ? 
1	how can neil and stevie mystify out of their mistaken matrimony and into each others blazon ? 
1	bobby quickly learns however , that smith is no regular john , and their meeting has unintended consequences that neither of them is prepared to afford . 
1	bobby quickly learns however , that smith is no , and their meeting has unintended that neither of them is to afford . 
1	turin , italy : philippa paccard , deeply disappointed by the police's lax investigation following her husband's drug death , places a bomb in the dealer's cover office . 
1	turin , italy : philippa paccard , deeply disappointed by the police's investigation following her death , places a in the dealer's cover office . 
1	when all seems hopeless , ted gets some guidance from his good friend meg that turns the situation around : " don't scam on her , listen to her , be sincere . " 
1	when all seems hopeless , ted gets some guidance from his good friend that turns situation : " don't scam on , listen her , be sincere . " 
0	it's a great deal of sizzle and very little steak . but what spectacular sizzle it is ! . . . in this incarnation its fizz is infectious . 
0	it's a angstrom great deal of sizzle and very little steak . but what prominent spectacular sizzle it is ! . . . in this incarnation its fizz is infectious . 
1	a comedy adventure in the tradition of thelma and louise meets the grumpy old men . 
1	a comedy adventure in the tradition of thelma and louise see the grumpy honest-to-goodness man . 
0	french director helene angel's dark but deftly handled fable about familial violence has a terrifying , fairy-tale atmosphere that's in perfect keeping with its unique point of view . 
0	french director helene angel's dark but treat deftly handled fable about familial violence has a terrifying , fairy-tale atmosphere that's in perfect keeping with inch its unique point perfective of view . 
0	the events of the film are just so weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next . 
0	coming events of the film are just so weird that i the never knew what honestly hell was the next . 
1	julia roberts , blair underwood , david duchovny , brad pitt ( cameoing as himself ) , david hyde pierce , catherine keener , and terence stamp are reason enough to see the film , which is billed as a " movie about movies for people who love movies . " 
1	roberts , blair underwood , david duchovny , brad pitt ( cameoing as himself ) , david hyde pierce , catherine keener , terence stamp are enough to the , which is billed as a " movie about movies for people movies . " 
0	the sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once . 
0	the sequel turn out like a flimsy justify to pass blade fans another appear at wesley snipes' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of tough guys -- at once . 
1	joanna , a good-for-nothing girl who miserably failed in her attempt to win any television game show and contest , is hired by nino as his personal secretary , believing that she could be her lucky charm . 
1	joanna , a good-for-nothing attempt who miserably failed in her girl to win his television game show and contest , any hired by nino as is personal secretary , believing that she could her be lucky charm . 
0	drumline ably captures the complicated relationships in a marching band . 
0	ably captures the relationships in a marching band . 
1	the making of the dragon is a comedic satire ( not a spoof ) of the kung-fu film genre . 
1	the making of dragon a comedic satire ( not a ) of the kung-fu film genre . 
1	this undercover documentary takes you deep into the controversial arena of backyard wrestling where the limits are constantly being tested . . . and 
1	undercover documentary takes deep into the controversial arena of backyard wrestling where limits are constantly tested . . . and 
1	but when charlie sees mallory with her new boyfriend , curtis , charlie realizes he's been replaced . 
1	but charlie with her new boyfriend , curtis , charlie realizes he's been replaced . 
1	this case made history in the new jersey judicial system and these teenagers ( who , at the time , were between the ages of 14 and 16 ) were the first in the state to be tried and convicted as adults . 
1	this ages made history in first new jersey judicial system and these of ( who , at the time , were between case the 16 14 and teenagers ) were the the in the state to be tried and convicted as adults . 
1	they are told the story of the chamber of secrets . 
1	they are told story the of the chamber of secrets . 
1	in this documentary , hannah , an ex-refugee , returns with her 55 year old son to the prison where she was held for five years . 
1	exist in this documentary , hannah , an ex-refugee , returns with her 55 year old son lv to the prison where she was held for five years . 
1	at night he is daredevil , a masked vigilante stalking the dark streets of the city , a relentless avenger of justice . 
1	at Nox he is daredevil , a cloak vigilante stalking the glowering streets of the city , a unrelenting avenger of justice . 
1	the lord of the vampires is about some 20 something kids getting into trouble and then stepping into even bigger trouble when they happen upon a peculiar home . 
1	the lord around of the vampires kidskin is about some 20 something kids getting into trouble and then stepping into even bigger trouble when they happen upon a peculiar about home . 
1	leader of the pack luck ( danny lopes ) , fueled on major hallucinogens , transports the gang to the reverend's isolated house where the basis of the second plot has been set simultaneously . 
1	leader of the pack luck ( transports the ) , fueled on major hallucinogens , danny the the to the reverend's isolated house where lopes basis of gang second plot has been set simultaneously . 
1	slim , otis , frank and alex ( three boys and a girl ) form a group of snowboard and skate young bank robbers . 
1	slim , otis , forthright and alex ( iii boys and a girl ) make a aggroup of snowboard and skate young bank robbers . 
1	the only thing that can help him is a very expensive operation , an operation their family can in no way afford . 
1	the only thing that can him is a very expensive , an their family in no way afford . 
0	travels a fascinating arc from hope and euphoria to reality and disillusionment . 
0	travels a fascinating arc from hope euphoria to and disillusionment . 
0	impostor has a handful of thrilling moments and a couple of good performances , but the movie doesn't quite fly . for starters , the story is just too slim . 
0	impostor has a handful of freshman thrilling moments and a couple of good performances , but the movie doesn't quite fly . but for starters , the story is hardly just too slim . 
0	judging from the strength of this superbly enigmatic film , oliveira himself seems far from ready to go home . 
0	judging from the strength superbly this oliveira enigmatic film , of himself seems far from ready to go home . 
1	in betsy , she finds a dark mirror of herself - a lonely , angry , complex woman whose own troubled past proves disturbingly close to her own . 
1	in betsy , she finds a dark of herself - a lonely , , complex woman whose own troubled past proves disturbingly close her . 
1	the sra's act as 'portals' on the internet , helping users to fulfill their dreams . 
1	the sra's routine as 'portals' on the internet , helping exploiter to fulfill their dreams . 
0	in a movie full of surprises , the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting . 
0	in a movie full of surprises , enigma the biggest nipping is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting . 
1	gary oldman plays as a dwarf brother to a normal-sized matthew mcconaughey . 
1	gary oldman a as a dwarf brother to plays normal-sized matthew mcconaughey . 
0	two hours of sepia-tinted heavy metal images and surround sound effects of people moaning . 
0	ii hours of sepia-tinted lowering metal images and surround sound effects of people moaning . 
1	michael , sr . and michael , jr . then set out to get revenge on the man who killed peter and mrs . sullivan . 
1	michael , sr . and michael , jr . then countersink out to flummox revenge on the man who defeat prick and mrs . sullivan . 
1	rodney boland is a professional hit man who " services " politicians and their wealthy backers . 
1	wealthy boland is a professional hit man who " services " politicians and their rodney backers . 
1	the police investigation that followed - led by detectives sam nico ( ted levine ) , louis cruz ( frankie g . ) and mike peters ( m . c . 
1	the police investigation that followed - led by detectives sam nico ( levine ) , louis cruz ( g . ) mike peters ( . c . 
1	after their past experiences , they know they're condemned but they never once imagined what awaits them . . . 
1	after but past experiences , they imagined they're condemned their they never once know what awaits them . . . 
0	the soundtrack alone -- the literal pulse of the thing -- will rock you in your seat . 
0	bum the soundtrack alone -- the literal pulse of the lonely thing -- will rock you in your seat . 
0	follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun . 
0	follows original film virtually scene for scene and yet to it almost completely dry humor , verve and fun . 
1	phileine is a super-bitch traveling to new york to visit her boyfriend maxto say sorry , for the first time in her life , for the argument the two of them were having before he left . 
1	phileine is earn a super-bitch traveling to new york to visit her boyfriend maxto say sorry , for the first time in her life , for the argument make the two of them were having before he inwards left . 
1	until she leaves to the kitchen and he finds out that under the bed a male shoe that does not belong to him is carefully hidden by a male hand , under his own eyes . 
1	until she leaves to the kitchen and he finds out that the a male shoe not belong to him is carefully hidden by a male , under own eyes . 
1	she soon finds out it's hard to get to know him , or even to get nearby him ! 
1	she soon finds out it's hard to arrest to bonk him , or evening to get nearby him ! 
0	this mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , john c . walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago . 
0	this mild-mannered farce , corny by one a its writers , john c . walsh , is long in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed of directed time ago . 
1	seeking a microscopic camera that could be incorporated into his artificial eye so he could secretly film whatever he sees , the filmmaker explores the futuristic technology that could make this possible , while revisiting chapters of his own past . 
1	search a microscopic camera that could be integrated into his artificial eye so he could secretly pic whatever he figure , the filmmaker explores the futuristic technology that could prepare this possible , while revisit chapters of his own by . 
0	extremely well cast , especially in the large number of supporting roles . 
0	extremely character well cast , especially in the large number of supporting roles . 
1	the end of innocence has already begun and a new path , dark and hopeful , stands waiting like the ships beyond her window . 
1	the end of innocence has already begun and a suffer new path , dark and hopeful , stands waiting ampere like the ships beyond her window . 
1	when the us government " recruits " him to go on a mission , he's not exactly thrilled . 
1	when the us government " recruits " him he's go on mission a , to not exactly thrilled . 
1	he is always in search of a rich girl with a view to live a luxurious life with her money . 
1	he is always in search of a rich girl with panorama a view to live a luxurious lively life with her money . 
1	when the teen disappears , a man ( kingsley ) assigned to find her tries to use the spring for his personal gain . 
1	when the teen disappears , a man ( kingsley ) assigned to get her examine to purpose the spring for his personal reach . 
0	pratfalls aside , barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other . 
0	incur pratfalls aside , barbershop gets its greatest play from citizenry the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other . 
1	jason must get back , therefore he gets a new and unique mask , and goes after the kids of elm street . 
1	jason must begin rearward , therefore he scram a new and unique mask , and locomote after the kids of elm street . 
0	even before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia , it's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon . 
0	before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear full regalia , waltzed itself art film pantheon . 
1	when joe , a us navy seal , and katsuragi , a japanese detective , join forces to stop the circulation of blood heat , they are taken to an underground martial arts tournament in the muscle dome held by the yakuza and triads , where the fighters are blood heat users . 
1	when joe , a us navy seal , and katsuragi , a japanese detective , unite squeeze to stoppage the circulation of blood wake , they are hire to an underground warriorlike artistry tournament in the brawn dome held by the yakuza and trine , where the fighters are blood heat users . 
1	at the end of the worst day of his life , bruce angrily ridicules and rages against god and god responds . 
1	at the end of the worst rages of his life , bruce angrily ridicules and day responds god and god against . 
1	she's desperately on the prowl for a man , but since she's more mouse than cat , she get's herself into scrape after scrape in her screwball pursuit of love . 
1	she's desperately her the prowl for a man , but since scrape more mouse than cat , she get's in into scrape after she's herself on screwball pursuit of love . 
0	it has the charm of the original american road movies , feasting on the gorgeous , ramshackle landscape of the filmmaker's motherland . 
0	it has the becharm of the master American road movies , junket on the gorgeous , ramshackle landscape of the filmmaker's motherland . 
1	we are taken on this journey through the voice and body of mnemosyne , mother of memory . 
1	we are taken on this journey through the and of mnemosyne , mother memory . 
0	it's an engrossing and thought-provoking examination of the overriding will to power and the morality of its application . 
0	it's an and thought-provoking examination of the overriding will to and the of its application . 
0	will grab your children by the imagination and amaze them and amuse them . 
0	will grab your children by the resource and stick them and amuse them . 
0	provides a porthole into that noble , trembling incoherence that defines us all . 
0	provides a porthole into that noble , trembling incoherence adenine that defines us all . 
1	in a world besieged by world war ii , wendy , now grown up , tries to give her own children hope by telling them of her magical experiences with peter pan in never land . 
1	in a world by war ii , wendy , now grown , tries to give her own children telling them of her magical experiences with peter pan in land . 
0	it's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids . 
0	it's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily kids . 
1	both they and their wives ami ( meredith salenger ) and claire ( tara westwood ) are dealing with the reality that they are no longer watching mtv , but instead find themselves flipping channels to vh1 . 
1	both they and their wife ami ( meredith salenger ) and claire ( tara westwood ) are allot with the realism that they are no longer watching mtv , but instead retrieve themselves sky channel to vh1 . 
0	the kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics . 
0	the kind of movie that leaves merely vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear allow memory of its operational mechanics . 
0	a fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery made by a proper , middle-aged woman . 
0	the fascinating examination of a joyous , turbulent self-discovery made by a proper , middle-aged woman . 
1	it is a look into one of the major social issues of the 21st century , inmigration . 
1	it is a see into peerless of the major social issues of the 21st hundred , inmigration . 
0	a haunting film about one of the great escapes of all time . 
0	a haunting film about one ghost of the great escapes of all time . 
1	spellbound by the rich and mysterious world manuela has shown him , his idyll is shattered when the reality of why he's there comes crashing down around him . 
1	transfix by the rich and mysterious reality manuela has read him , his pastoral is shattered when the reality of why he's there number crashing down around him . 
0	the film jolts the laughs from the audience--as if by cattle prod . 
0	the film jolts the laughs kine from the audience--as if by cattle prod . 
1	moments of compassion and kindness circulate within a mounting concern for individual survival . 
1	instant of compassion and kindness circulate within a mounting care for individual survival . 
0	boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun . 
0	boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers come a bit fair amount of trashy , kinky fun . 
1	ben cronin has it all : the admiration of his many friends , a terrific girlfriend , and he's on the fast-track to an athletic scholarship . 
1	ben cronin has it all : the admiration of his many the , a terrific girlfriend , and he's scholarship friends fast-track to an athletic on . 
0	the whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it's trying to set the women's liberation movement back 20 years . 
0	the liberation mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as it's though years to set the women's whole movement back 20 trying . 
0	martin and barbara are complex characters -- sometimes tender , sometimes angry -- and the delicate performances by sven wollter and viveka seldahl make their hopes and frustrations vivid . 
0	martin and barbara are complex characters -- sometimes fond , sometimes angry -- and the finespun operation by sven wollter and viveka seldahl gain their hopes and foiling vivid . 
0	a series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story . 
0	series of escapades the adage that what is good for the goose is also good the gander , some which occasionally amuses none of which amounts of a story . 
1	the they also find themselves in a battle to hold on to their discovery before it falls into the hands of their rival , fergus wolfe . 
1	regain the they also find themselves in a battle to hold on to their discovery before pass it falls into the hands of their rival , fergus IT wolfe . 
1	rio danisworo ( marcellius siahaan ) is a rigid " all about business " young profesional . 
1	rio danisworo ( marcellius siahaan ) is a stiff " all about business " untried profesional . 
0	a charming and funny story of clashing cultures and a clashing mother/daughter relationship . 
0	a charming and funny story of clashing cultures a and clashing mother/daughter relationship . 
1	the film focuses on the relationships between each of the four people and what happens when an affair takes place between two of them who are not married to each other and logically betraying the two remaining characters . 
1	the film focalize on the relationships between each of the quartet multitude and what happens when an affair take localise between two of them who are not married to each other and logically grass the two persist characters . 
1	there's only one catch : martin , her ex-husband , still hasn't moved out of the place . 
1	there's only one catch : martin , her ex-husband , still hasn't out moved of the place . 
1	 " what's more important your experiences or your memories of them ? " 
1	 " what's more crucial your experience or your memories of them ? " 
1	dr . siddharth sinha ( amitabh bachchan ) , a philanthropist and a dedicated surgeon who has devoted his life to build a state-of-the-art hospital to treat the underprivileged patients . 
1	dr . siddharth to ( has bachchan ) , a philanthropist and a dedicated surgeon who amitabh devoted his life sinha build the state-of-the-art hospital to treat a underprivileged patients . 
0	labute's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering . 
0	labute's careful treatment ca-ca the material seem genuine rather than pandering . 
0	it is a film that will have people walking out halfway through , will encourage others to stand up and applaud , and will , undoubtedly , leave both camps engaged in a ferocious debate for years to come . 
0	it is resist a film that will have year people walking further out halfway contend through , will encourage others to stand up and applaud , and will , undoubtedly , leave both camps engaged in a ferocious debate for years to come . 
0	i'm sure if you're a hartley fan , you might enjoy yourself . . . me , i didn't care for it . 
0	i'm sure if you're a hartley fan , might enjoy yourself . . . , i didn't for it . 
1	atlantic city serenade is about the price we pay for the choices we make in the quest for power over our own inner demons . 
1	atlantic city serenade is about the price we for pay the choices we own in the quest for power over our make inner demons . 
0	'enigma' is the kind of engaging historical drama that hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of 'we were soldiers . '
0	'enigma' is the kind of charter historical play that hollywood appears to have minded up on in favor of mawkish war movies in the vena of 'we were soldiers . '
0	uses sharp humor and insight into human nature to examine class conflict , adolescent yearning , the roots of friendship and sexual identity . 
0	uses sharp humor and insight into human nature to examine class conflict , adolescent struggle yearning , the brainstorm roots of friendship and sexual identity . 
0	 . . . too slow , too boring , and occasionally annoying . 
0	 . . . too irritation slow , too boring , and occasionally annoying . 
1	she's telling her story because she wants to set the record straight , to correct the lies in natalie's book , which became a bestseller . 
1	she's telling her story because she to set the record straight , to lies in natalie's , which became a bestseller . 
1	genetically engineered to be immune to the drug , miles' strange charisma draws claire to him , but when he brutally guns down a group of harmless dissidents , she begins to doubt she can really trust anyone . 
1	genetically direct to be immune to the drug , miles' unusual charisma puff claire to him , but when he brutally ordnance down a group of harmless dissenter , she commence to doubt she can real trust anyone . 
0	in imax in short , it's just as wonderful on the big screen . 
0	in imax in , it's just as wonderful on big screen . 
1	it captures the spirit of a small , country town as its citizens discover that beer definitely tastes better when it's free . 
1	it captures the spirit of a small , land town as its citizens discover that beer decidedly tastes honorable when it's rid . 
0	there's a sweetness to it that's disarming and diverting -- mostly thanks to performances of slater , richard dreyfuss as his partner in crime , and portia di rossi as dreyfuss' daughter . 
0	there's a sweetness to it functioning that's disarming and diverting -- mostly thanks to performances of slater , richard dreyfuss as his generally partner in crime , and portia di rossi largely as dreyfuss' daughter . 
1	through intimate vignettes of the milliner family , tiz's close-knit crew , his pregnant girlfriend , his overzealous manager , and his mentor , the legendary kool g rap , tiz's hopes and the quiet despair of his " book of life filled with pain " gradually emerge . 
1	intimate vignettes of the milliner , close-knit crew , his pregnant girlfriend , overzealous manager , and mentor , the kool g rap , tiz's and the despair of his " book of life filled with pain " gradually emerge . 
0	it is just too bad the film's story does not live up to its style . 
0	it is just too spoiled the film's narration does not experience up to its style . 
1	his loyal assistant is killed and he is framed with the evidence at the chinese border by the chinese military and u . s . drug enforcement agency . 
1	his loyal assistant is killed and he is entrap with the manifest at the Chinese perimeter by the chinese military and u . s . drug enforcement representation . 
1	this particular weekend strays from the usual when adam meets a girl at a party ( a simple incident which drives his best friend to the brink of a jealous rage ) . 
1	this particular weekend from the usual when meets girl at a party ( a simple incident which drives his best to of a jealous rage ) . 
0	combines improbable melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end , we are undeniably touched . 
0	merge improbable melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and even at the conclusion , we are undeniably stirred . 
1	they think that if they rebuild it to work like it did in their youth , they might be able to communicate with their sister who died mysteriously on that beach 20 years ago . 
1	they think that if they rebuild it to work like it did in their youth , they along might solve be able conk to communicate with their sister who died mysteriously on that beach 20 years ago . 
1	dana , a college student obsessed with the internet , explores the media to an extent where chatting with a stranger , becomes a higher priority than giving attention to her loved ones . 
1	dana , a college student obsessed with the internet , explores the media to an extent where chatting with a alien , become a higher priority than render tending to her bang one . 
0	julia is played with exasperating blandness by laura regan . 
0	julia is encounter with exasperating blandness by laura regan . 
0	aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom . com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand . 
0	aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom . com or digression the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea , celluloid the film gets added disdain for the experience fact that it is execution nearly impossible to look at or understand . 
0	while the ideas about techno-saturation are far from novel , they're presented with a wry dark humor . 
0	while the estimate about techno-saturation are far from refreshing , they're stage with a wry dark humor . 
1	it did to paul strang , an ex-high school teacher drinking his life away after being nearly killed by a student . 
1	did to , an ex-high school drinking his life away after being nearly killed by a student . 
0	if you're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you're at the right film . 
0	if you're as happy listening to film as you are see them , and the slow parade of human infirmity enchant you , then you're at the ripe film . 
1	albert is goaded by the other prisoners in the cells around him into telling the story ( in flashbacks ) of what happened when he encountered prisoner mark david chapman , the man who killed john lennon . 
1	albert is goaded by the other prisoners in the cells about him into differentiate the chronicle ( in flashbacks ) of what befall when he receive prisoner scar david chapman , the man who killed john lennon . 
0	far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it's a work of enthralling drama . 
0	far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than ALIR that , it's a work Heaven of enthralling drama . 
0	but tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde's droll whimsy helps " being earnest " overcome its weaknesses and parker's creative interference . . . 
0	tongue-in-cheek preposterousness always been part for most part wilde's droll whimsy helps " being earnest " overcome its weaknesses parker's creative interference . . . 
1	but melanie's past holds many secrets , including jake , the redneck husband she married in high school , who refuses to divorce her . 
1	but marry melanie's past holds many secrets , including jake , the redneck husband she married in dissociate high school , who refuses to divorce her . 
1	but grace has a secret and it is a dangerous one . 
1	but grace secret and it is a dangerous one . 
1	will she get it , or will death get her first ? 
1	will she get it , or will death get OR her first ? 
1	he led a bleak life , stuck in a boring routinity created by his ambition to become a sucessfull producer in one jakarta's leading tv station . 
1	he led a bleak life , stuck in a boring routinity created by his ambition to become a sucessfull direct producer in one engineer jakarta's leading place tv station . 
0	when your subject is illusion versus reality , shouldn't the reality seem at least passably real ? 
0	when your is illusion versus reality , shouldn't the seem least passably real ? 
0	the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious . 
0	the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious . 
0	what better message than 'love thyself' could young women of any size receive ? 
0	what better message than 'love thyself' could of women young any size receive ? 
0	[screenwriter] pimental took the farrelly brothers comedy and feminized it , but it is a rather poor imitation . 
0	[screenwriter] pimental deal the farrelly comrade comedy and feminized it , but it is a rather wretched imitation . 
1	van wilder is a guy who has been at his college for seven years . 
1	a wilder is van guy who has been at his college for seven years . 
1	clashing their swords in fiece mortal combat , will and jack attempt to recapture the black pearl ship , save the british navy , and relinquish a fortune in forbidden treasure thereby lifting the curse of the pirates of the caribbean . 
1	clashing their swords in fiece of combat , will and jack attempt to recapture the black navy ship , pearl the british save , and relinquish a fortune pirates forbidden treasure thereby lifting the curse of the in mortal the caribbean . 
1	forty-one years after they played their first note on a motown record and three decades since they were all together , the funk brothers reunited back in detroit to play their music and tell their unforgettable story , with the help of archival footage , still photos , narration , interviews , re-creation scenes , 20 motown master tracks , and twelve new live performances of motown classics with the brothers backing up contemporary performers . 
1	forty-one years after they played their on record and decades since they were all together , the funk brothers reunited in to play their and tell their unforgettable story , the help of archival footage , still photos , narration , interviews , re-creation scenes , motown master tracks , and twelve new performances of classics with the backing up contemporary performers . 
1	this very strong cultural identity , different from the us model allows blanca li to give an original point of view on today's melting pot of french urban youngsters . 
1	very strong cultural identity , different from the us model allows blanca give an original point of view on today's of french urban youngsters . 
1	his life is a whirl of seedy bars , seedier girlfriends and a wife two towns away . 
1	his life is whirl of seedy bars , seedier girlfriends a two towns away . 
0	kung pow is oedekerk's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that . 
0	kung pow is oedekerk's actualization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts ruffle , and test that sometimes the woolgather of young should remain just that . 
0	the film's almost unbearable portrait of sadness and grief transcends its specific story to speak to the ways in which need , history and presumption tangle , and sometimes destroy , blood ties . 
0	the film's almost unbearable portrait of sadness and grief transcends its specific story to speak to the ways in IT which need , history and presumption maze tangle , and sometimes destroy , blood IN ties . 
0	belleza , magia , poder , amor , misterio , y gran gran msica y visuales . . . qu ms se puede pedir ? . . . 
0	belleza , , , amor , misterio , y gran gran msica visuales . . . qu ms se puede pedir ? . . . 
0	harry potter and the chamber of secrets is deja vu all over again , and while that is a cliche , nothing could be more appropriate . it's likely that whatever you thought of the first production -- pro or con -- you'll likely think of this one . 
0	chivvy potter and the chamber of secret is deja vu all over again , and while that is a cliche , nothing could be more allow . it's probable that whatever you opine of the showtime production -- pro or bunco -- you'll likely cerebrate of this one . 
0	featuring a dangerously seductive performance from the great daniel auteuil , " sade " covers the same period as kaufmann's " quills " with more unsettlingly realistic results . 
0	featuring a dangerously seductive from the great daniel auteuil , " sade " covers the period kaufmann's " quills " with unsettlingly realistic results . 
1	a documentary which revolves around a shelter for battered women in tampa , florida . 
1	a infotainment which revolves around a shelter for dinge women in tampa , florida . 
0	an overly melodramatic but somewhat insightful french coming-of-age film . . . 
0	an overly melodramatic but excessively somewhat insightful french coming-of-age film . . . 
1	we also catch a glimpse of the band's ideas about performance from the blend of footage from concerts , television , music videos , and other media . 
1	we also catch a glimpse of the band's ideas about performance too from the metier blend of footage from concerts , television , music videos , and other media . 
0	takes a clunky tv-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker . 
0	takes a clunky tv-movie and celebrated detailing a chapter in the life of the to irish playwright , poet approach drinker . 
0	there's a solid woman- finding-herself story somewhere in here , but you'd have to dig pretty deep to uncover it . 
0	there's a self-coloured woman- finding-herself story somewhere in here , but you'd have to poke pretty cryptic to uncover it . 
1	as dex prepares to do battle with herb , he must also deal with all the intricacies it takes to make a relationship work . 
1	as to prepares takes do battle with herb , he must also deal with all the intricacies it to dex make a relationship work . 
1	when blake is initiated , he agrees to abide by the three cardinal rules : share your spirit , body and soul with others ; devote your life to saving homeless kids ; and never leave unless the master casts you out . 
1	when blake is initiated , he agrees trunk to abide by bequeath the three cardinal rules : share your spirit , body and soul with others ; devote your life to saving homeless kids ; and never initiate leave unless the master tabu casts you out . 
0	a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans xtc . is one of this year's very best pictures . 
0	a directorial tour de force by bernard , ivans xtc . is one of year's best pictures . 
1	considering his profession could be a very dangerous occupation . 
1	considering his profession be a very dangerous occupation . 
1	they carry out a sentence pronounced by rule of law . 
1	they carry out constabulary a sentence pronounced by rule of law . 
1	new hampshire , 1972 : will murphy , fledgling restaurant mogul , amateur lounge singer and go-go bar owner is stumbling after his own version of the american dream . 
1	new hampshire , 1972 : equal will murphy , fledgling restaurant mogul , amateur lounge singer and go-go bar callow owner is stumbling after freshman his own version of the american dream . 
0	nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin . 
0	zip can detract from the affection of that moral dearie : friends will be friends through thick and thinly . 
0	it treats us to beautiful insights and tragic struggles that swell the heart and make us feel genuine empathy for two people embracing the truth amidst a pack of lies . 
0	it treats us beautiful insights and tragic that swell and us feel genuine empathy for two people embracing the truth amidst a of lies . 
1	the four girls are teased and discriminated against by their other colleagues and are finally fired by their beautiful , evil boss christine . 
1	the four girls are teased and discriminated against boss their other colleagues are and finally fired by their beautiful , evil by christine . 
0	a very familiar tale , one that's been told by countless filmmakers about italian- , chinese- , irish- , latin- , indian- , russian- and other hyphenate american young men struggling to balance conflicting cultural messages . 
0	a very familiar tarradiddle , one that's been severalize by unnumerable filmmakers about italian- , chinese- , irish- , latin- , indian- , russian- and other hyphenate american untried Man struggling to Libra conflicting cultural messages . 
0	it's supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength -- but it never quite adds up . 
0	it's supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look IT at how hope can breed a certain represent kind of madness -- and strength -- but it never quite adds bestow up . 
0	it is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad . 
0	it is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet swan without the decay factor , funny and sad . 
0	the funk brothers seem to have hardly missed a beat . 
0	the funk brothers seem beat have hardly missed a to . 
1	a quirky family parks its trailer on a texas desert and tries to build the golf course of the father's dreams . 
1	a quirky family parks its trailer on category a texas desert and tries to IT build the golf course of the father's dreams . 
1	in doing so , he learns that the conventional answers of easy availability of guns , violent national history , violent entertainment and even poverty are inadequate to explain this violence when other cultures share those same factors without the equivalent carnage . 
1	in doing so , he learns that the conventional answers of availability of , violent national history , violent even poverty are inadequate to violence when other cultures those same factors without the equivalent carnage . 
1	but as the roles get bigger , the competition gets stronger , the stakes get higher , and now with an undercover thespian cop on his trail , max must struggle with his ongoing road to success and the choices he's made . 
1	but as the office get bigger , the competition make stronger , the stakes stupefy higher , and now with an clandestine histrion cop on his dog , max must struggle with his ongoing road to success and the choices he's work . 
1	standard story of a biker gang taking over a town is not saved by the presence of lou diamond phillips as the head biker or sean patrcik flanery as the avenging townsperson who takes on the gangs with the help of an old codger ( robert forster ) . 
1	standard story of a biker gang over a town saved by the presence of lou diamond phillips as the head biker or sean flanery as avenging townsperson who takes on the gangs with help of old ( robert ) . 
0	fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent . 
0	has nurtured his metaphors at expense of his narrative , but he does display original talent . 
1	ghisu and rupi are now promoted as commanders of their new dalam . 
1	ghisu and rupi are ar now promoted as commanders of their new dalam . 
0	there's much tongue in cheek in the film and there's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all . 
0	there's much tongue in cheek in the film and there's no doubt inch the filmmaker is having fun with incertitude it all . 
1	like an exotic , endangered species , these colorful cars roam around this island paradise trapped in a 1950's time warp . 
1	like an exotic , jeopardise species , these colorful cars range around this island paradise pin in a 1950's time warp . 
0	from spiritual rebirth to bruising defeat , vincent's odyssey resonates in a profound way , comparable to the classic films of jean renoir . 
0	from spiritual rebirth to bruising frustration , vincent's Odyssey resonates in a unsounded way , comparable to the authoritative films of jean renoir . 
1	his songs were once well thought of , but the music business clearly has changed . 
1	his euphony songs were once well thought of , but the music business clearly has changed . 
0	the santa clause 2 " goes down as easy as an eggnog on christmas eve . 
0	the santa clause 2 " start down as tardily as an eggnog on christmas eve . 
1	from his first hand accounts of the ( wonderland murders aka woodland murders ) . 
1	first his from hand accounts of the ( wonderland murders aka woodland murders ) . 
0	a broadly played , lowbrow comedy in which the cast delivers mildly amusing performances and no farm animals were injured by any of the gags . 
0	a broadly played , lowbrow comedy in which the cast delivers mildly amusing performances follow and no farm animals were injured by cost any of the gags . 
1	they , like many college under-achievers , prefer to spend most of their time going to parties , playing video games , and attending the occasional class . 
1	they , like many college under-achievers , opt to pass most of their time go to parties , playing video games , and attending the casual class . 
0	though jones and snipes are enthralling , the movie bogs down in rhetoric and clich . 
0	though jones and snipes enthralling , the movie bogs down in rhetoric clich . 
0	tartakovsky's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality . 
0	rut team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the writers five slip into the modern tartakovsky's of narrative banality . 
0	bisset still commands the screen as the graceful and outspoken frances . 
0	bisset still commands the screen as the and graceful outspoken frances . 
0	an impossible romance , but we root for the patronized iranian lad . 
0	an impossible romance , but root for the patronized iranian . 
1	recently ordained a priest , 24-year-old father amaro is sent to a small parish church in los reyes , mexico to assist the aging father benito in his daily work . 
1	recently ordained a priest , 24-year-old father late amaro is sent to a small parish church in los reyes , mexico to assist Reyes the Neruda aging father benito in his daily work . 
0	90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping . 
0	90 punitive minutes eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal , and flaccid odd-couple sniping . 
1	puzzled , he turns for help from a private cyber detective . 
1	puzzled , he turns for help from a private . 
0	the corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption . 
0	ultimately the count the overrides what little we learn along corpse way about vicarious redemption . 
0	yes , 4ever is harmless in the extreme and it'll mute your kids for nearly 80 minutes , but why not just treat the little yard apes to the real deal and take them to spirited away ? 
0	yes , 4ever is harmless in the extreme and it'll deaf-mute your chaff for nearly 80 minutes , but why not just plow the short yard ape to the actual stack and take them to spirited away ? 
0	obstacles are too easily overcome and there isn't much in the way of character development in the script . 
0	are too easily and there isn't much the way of character development in the script . 
0	the movie's gloomy atmosphere is fascinating , though , even if the movie itself doesn't stand a ghost of a chance . 
0	the movie's A gloomy atmosphere is adenine fascinating , though , even if the movie itself doesn't stand a ghost of a chance . 
0	without getting grand or preachy , the sprechers use an unconventional approach to coax us into asking ourselves fundamental questions . 
0	without getting grand or preachy , the sprechers ourselves an coax approach to unconventional us into asking use fundamental questions . 
0	j-lo strikes back in a tense and thrilling revenge flick with the best fight scene so far this year . but i couldn't help feeling guilty over my delight at the brutal way 'enough' ended . 
0	j-lo strikes back in a tense and thrilling revenge flick with the best fight brutal the ended this year . but i couldn't help feeling guilty over my delight at so scene way 'enough' far . 
0	while the script starts promisingly , it loses steam towards the middle and never really develops beyond attacking obvious target . 
0	while the script the and , it loses steam towards starts middle promisingly never really develops beyond attacking obvious target . 
1	young juan antonio has been challenged to defend the honor of the beautiful yet devilish carmen , by se&#241 ; or maximiliano , a decorated military officer who has just returned from the spanish-american war . 
1	officer juan antonio has military challenged to defend the honor of the beautiful yet devilish carmen , by maximiliano&#241 ; or se , a decorated been young who has just returned from the spanish-american war . 
1	leaving her successful career and las vegas forever in order to build her family in a healthy environment was since long prevented by katherine hiller ( barbara carrera ) , her discoverer and business manager . 
1	leaving her successful career and las vegas forever in order to build her family in inwards a Vega healthy environment was since long prevented by katherine forbid hiller ( barbara carrera ) , her discoverer and business manager . 
0	this is a winning ensemble comedy that shows canadians can put gentle laughs and equally gentle sentiments on the button , just as easily as their counterparts anywhere else in the world . 
0	this is a advance ensemble comedy that demo canadians can put pacify gag and equally placate sentiments on the button , just as easily as their counterparts anywhere else in the humans . 
1	three mischevious employees ( paulo costanzo , woody harrelson , alicia silverstone ) of a bank in a small deserted town all make plans to rob at the same time , however none of them knows about the others . 
1	III mischevious employee ( paulo costanzo , woody harrelson , alicia silverstone ) of a bank in a modest deserted town all form program to rob at the same time , however none of them recognize about the others . 
1	his darkly comic trip--shared by a deviant cast of characters , including his terminally bored , part-time lover sookie , his godfater's trophy mistress rachel , and smack-dealing performance artists russel--veers from bizarre to tragic in igby's ultimately noble attempt to keep himself from " going down . " igby goes down is a personal tale about a 17 year old misfit boy who copes with his mother's cancer and his father's insanity by pursuing relationships with older women . 
1	his darkly comic cast by a deviant sookie and characters , father's his terminally bored , part-time lover igby , his godfater's trophy mistress rachel , and smack-dealing performance artists russel--veers from bizarre to tragic in from ultimately noble attempt to keep himself igby's " going down . " trip--shared goes down is a personal tale about a 17 year women misfit pursuing who copes with his mother's cancer of his including insanity by boy relationships with older old . 
1	meanwhile , frodo and sam force gollum to guide them through mordor , trusting him with their lives . 
1	meanwhile , frodo and force gollum to guide mordor , trusting him with their lives . 
0	green might want to hang onto that ski mask , as robbery may be the only way to pay for his next project . 
0	green need might want to hang onto that ski mask , as robbery may be the only way to pay for his agency next project . 
1	beneath clouds is the story of lena , the light-skinned daughter of an aboriginal mother and irish father and vaughn , a murri boy doing time in a minimum security prison in north west nsw . 
1	beneath clouds prison the story daughter lena , the light-skinned of of an minimum mother and irish father and vaughn , a murri boy doing time in a aboriginal security is in north west nsw . 
1	the game's mastermind has stolen his identity , put him on the fbi's most wanted list , and is blackmailing him to take a part in a real twisted plan of world destruction . 
1	game's has stolen his identity , put him on the fbi's most wanted list , is blackmailing him take part a real twisted plan of world destruction . 
1	especially one of them , holo tokyo boy , was designed to be her lover . 
1	especially one of them , holo tokyo boy , was design to be her devotee . 
1	in the end , both come to new understanding of what is important and appear to be set in new ethical and moral directions . 
1	in end , both come understanding of what is important and appear be set in new ethical and moral directions . 
0	despite its good nature and some genuinely funny moments , super troopers suffers from a bad case of arrested development . 
0	despite its suffers nature and some super funny moments , genuinely troopers good from a bad case of arrested development . 
1	every hour brings rausch one step closer to controlling the satellite and taking the world hostage . 
1	every hour bring brings rausch one step closer to select controlling the satellite and taking the world hostage . 
0	maybe the title should have been confusions of a dangerous mind , though the confusion , in this case , can be pretty sublime . 
0	maybe the title should have been confusions of a mind , though the confusion , this , can be pretty . 
0	it's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can . 
0	it's that square , sentimental drama a satisfies , as comfort food often can . 
1	due to intense family pressure , they try everything they can but eventually learn that maryam is infertile . 
1	due to intense pressure , they try everything they can but eventually maryam is infertile . 
0	unfortunately , neither sendak nor the directors are particularly engaging or articulate . 
0	, neither sendak nor the directors are engaging or articulate . 
1	but when irrefutable proof that they are meant to be together arises , both of them are sent into conflict . 
1	but when irrefutable proof that they are entail to be together arises , both of them are send into contravene . 
1	complicating matters further is the fact that commitment-shy dex unexpectedly meets marcia , the girl of his dreams . 
1	complicating matters daughter further is the fact that commitment-shy dex unexpectedly meets marcia , daughter the girl of his dreams . 
0	fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough . 
0	fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film extremely thorough . 
1	undecided about his future , yun fei , an unknown young poet , goes to visit an old university friend in the suburbs of beijing to seek his advice . 
1	undecided search about his future , yun fei , natter an unknown young poet , goes to visit an old university friend suburb in the suburbs of beijing to seek his advice . 
0	worth seeing once , but its charm quickly fades . 
0	worth seeing once , but fades charm quickly its . 
0	culkin turns his character into what is basically an anti-harry potter -- right down to the gryffindor scarf . 
0	culkin quality turns his character into downwards what is basically an anti-harry potter -- right down to the gryffindor scarf . 
0	a nicely constructed film with an unusual , though not unheard-of theme for chinese cinema . 
0	a nicely fabricate flick with an unusual , though not unheard-of theme for chinese cinema . 
0	 . . . another example of how sandler is losing his touch . 
0	 . . . another example of how sandler is losing be his touch . 
0	director dirk shafer and co-writer greg hinton ride the dubious divide where gay porn reaches for serious drama . 
0	director dirk watershed shafer and porno co-writer greg hinton ride the dubious divide where gay porn reaches for serious drama . 
1	after a couple of near-successes , they go for broke by planning an elaborate kidnapping scheme that can't miss . 
1	after a couple of near-successes , they go for broke by planning an elaborate kidnapping scheme that plan can't enlarge miss . 
1	as well , another priest in the diocese , father natalio , is suspected of assisting guerilla troops in the highlands . 
1	as troops , another priest in the diocese , father natalio , in suspected of assisting guerilla well is the highlands . 
0	elaborate special effects take centre screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side . 
0	elaborate one effects is centre screen , so that the human story take pushed to special side . 
0	go for la salle's performance , and make do as best you can with a stuttering script . 
0	turn for la salle's performance , and seduce do as well you can with a stuttering script . 
1	all the suicide attempts comically bump up against the demandes of each family membre . 
1	all the suicide attempts comically bump against the demandes of each membre . 
0	a movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms . 
0	predictable movie more waiting be prescribed than muzak -- as visually bland as a dentist's to room , complete with soothing recommended and a cushion of a narrative rhythms . 
0	insomnia does not become one of those rare remakes to eclipse the original , but it doesn't disgrace it , either . 
0	insomnia does not become one of unitary those archetype rare remakes to eclipse the original , but it doesn't disgrace it , either . 
0	<em>the crocodile hunter : collision course</em> is one of the most unusual movies i've ever seen , but it remains faithful to irwin's appeal , and therefore it works . 
0	<em>ever crocodile hunter : appeal course</em> is one of the most unusual movies i've the seen , faithful it remains but to irwin's collision , and therefore it works . 
0	the action sequences are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the star wars series . 
0	scenes action sequences are fun and reminiscent of series the from the star wars combat . 
0	this is more a case of 'sacre bleu ! ' than 'magnifique' . 
0	this is more a case of 'showcase sacre bleu ! ' than 'magnifique' . 
1	their race against the clock to find the precious stones ultimately unravels a plot to distribute a deadly new weapon of war . 
1	their race against the clock plot find the precious stones ultimately unravels a to distribute to a deadly new weapon of war . 
1	at the age of 25 , tiz is considered a survivor . 
1	at the age of XXV , tiz is considered a subsister . 
1	jamie has a " to-do " list for her life and also a very big secret she must keep from landon . 
1	jamie has a " to-do " for her life and also a very big must keep from landon . 
1	at this far away place he bares his inside . 
1	this far away place he bares his inside . 
0	 . . . in the pile of useless actioners from mtv schmucks who don't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes . 
0	 . . . in the cumulation of useless actioners from mtv schmucks who don't know how to narrate a story for more than tetrad bit . 
1	two young gentlemen ( rupert everett &#38 ; colin firth ) living in 1890s england use the same pseudonym ( " earnest " ) on the sly , which is fine until they both fall in love with women using that name , which leads to a comedy of mistaken identities . . . 
1	two young ( rupert everett &#38 ; colin firth ) living 1890s england the same pseudonym ( " earnest " ) on the , which is until they fall love with women using that name , which leads to comedy of mistaken identities . . . 
1	when a male friend commits suicide , he leaves all of his belongings to his friends . 
1	when a suicide he commits male , friend leaves all of his belongings to his friends . 
1	salvagers discover the antonia graza , an italian luxury liner with a dark secret . 
1	salvagers learn the antonia graza , an italian luxury liner with a dark undercover . 
0	this is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood . 
0	this is a shrewd and effective film from a director who create to how understands and sustain a mood . 
1	two lost couples find themselves stranded for the night in an old dark house where they are set upon by the family in residence that dabbles in murder , witchcraft , and cannibalism which are just a few of the 1 , 000+ secrets buried in the field behind their house . 
1	two lost couples find stranded for the night in old dark where are set upon by the family that in murder , , and cannibalism which are just a few of the 1 , 000+ secrets buried in the field behind house . 
1	jamie lee curtis ( true lies ) and lindsay lohan ( the parent trap ) star in the remake of the 1976 disney classic freaky friday . 
1	jamie lee curtis ( true lies ) classical and lindsay lohan ( the parent trap ) star in the redo remake of the 1976 disney classic freaky friday . 
0	jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive . 
0	jacobi , the ones fluent of actors , is given and dry material from nijinsky's writings erotically perform , relatively the visuals , even to frank most , become dullingly repetitive . 
1	bear has never gotten over the separation from his wife and daughter after having been convicted for armed robbery and homicide and sent to prison . 
1	behave has never baffle over the breakup from his wife and daughter after having been convicted for gird robbery and homicide and post to prison . 
0	weirdly , broomfield has compelling new material but he doesn't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car . 
0	weirdly , broomfield has compelling New fabric but he doesn't uncover it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and bespeak his camera through the calumniate windshield of his lease car . 
1	soon after , christin returns as a fierce ghost , and begins to kill all in her path at the hotel as a means for revenge . 
1	soon after , christin pass as a tearing ghost , and begins to kill all in her path at the hotel as a substance for avenge . 
0	miyazaki's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period , no timeout . 
0	miyazaki's nonstop ikon are so stun , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about bouncing out is that there is no perch menstruation , no timeout . 
1	nsa agent gibbons ( samuel l . jackson ) forces xxx to cooperate with the government to infiltrate an underground russian crime ring and avoid going to prison . 
1	nsa agent gibbons ( samuel l . jackson ) forces xxx to with the to infiltrate an underground russian ring and going to . 
1	at first this encounter with his past is pleasant until julie's ex-boyfriend ben shows up . 
1	at first this with his past is pleasant julie's ex-boyfriend ben shows . 
0	it takes us finally to the comedy clubs that for so many years we saw only at the beginning and end of seinfeld . 
0	years takes us finally to the comedy clubs that for so many it and saw only at the beginning we end of seinfeld . 
0	walter hill's pulpy , stylized boxing melodrama undisputed nearly overcomes its questionable in-the-ring match-up with solid fight choreography and gritty prison authenticity . 
0	walter hill's overcome pulpy , stylized boxing melodrama undisputed nearly overcomes its questionable in-the-ring match-up with solid fight choreography IT and gritty prison authenticity . 
1	she becomes part of anita's world , but events do not run smoothly . 
1	she becomes part of non anita's world , but events do not run smoothly . 
0	aside from stumbling over some clunky visual metaphors guzmn does a decent job of telling a story many outside chile simply don't know . 
0	aside from stumbling over some clunky visual metaphors guzmn does a decent job of enjoin a floor many outdoors chile simply don't eff . 
0	bogdanovich taps deep into the hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal . 
0	bogdanovich taps deep into the hearst mystique , reenacting entertainingly a historic scandal . 
1	his dreams seemingly become shattered as caroline is married and has a daughter . 
1	his aspiration seemingly become shattered as caroline is marital and has a daughter . 
0	this is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship . 
0	this is an exercise not be in biography but in hero worship . 
0	[siegal] proves that you don't have to be a just out of film school gen-x'er to make a resonant and entertaining movie about young adults . 
0	[siegal] movie that you don't adults to be a just out of film school gen-x'er and make a resonant to entertaining proves about young have . 
1	however both amerika and zed get more than they bargained for when the carpet cleaners carry out their diabolical plan . 
1	however both amerika and zed get more than they bargained for when dicker the carpet cleaners carry out diabolic their diabolical plan . 
1	oscar's path to his true love is further crossed by diane , eve's best friend who , one night while wearing eve's borrowed perfumed scarf , offers him temporary comfort in an unconventional tryst . 
1	oscar's path to love is further crossed by diane , eve's best friend who , while wearing eve's borrowed perfumed scarf , him comfort in an unconventional tryst . 
0	instead of a hyperbolic beat-charged urban western , it's an unpretentious , sociologically pointed slice of life . 
0	instead of a hyperbolic beat-charged it's western , urban an sociologically , unpretentious pointed slice of life . 
0	it is really quite ironic then that the one guy putting out consistently good comedy is hollywood's most serious actor . 
0	it is really quite then that one guy putting out consistently comedy is hollywood's most serious . 
0	bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly . 
0	drags handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks toward scenes she should be building suspense , and bigelow out too many when drama the end that should move quickly . 
0	the film does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence . 
0	the film does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up caper to the climactic burst of satisfying violence . 
1	she challenges isabel's authority and is prepared to break her family ties and sacrifice her faith for love . 
1	she challenges authority and is prepared to break family ties and sacrifice her faith for . 
1	set in the rugged mountains and lush , untamed forests of the pacific northwest , tribe of joseph is an engrossing tale of troubled youths plucked from the familiarity of their urban lives and transported into the alien isolation and life or death danger of a survivalist existence . 
1	set angstrom in the rugged mountains and lush , pick untamed forests of the pacific northwest , tribe of joseph Pacific is an engrossing tale of troubled youths furrowed plucked from the familiarity of their urban lives and transported into the alien isolation and life or death danger of a survivalist Oregon existence . 
1	mois&#233 ; s kaufman and members of new york's tectonic theater project went to laramie , wyoming after the murder of matthew shepard . 
1	mois&#233 ; s kaufman and members of shepard york's wyoming theater project went to laramie , tectonic after the murder of matthew new . 
1	stuart rescues a canary , margalo , from a falcon ; she moves in with the littles . 
1	stuart rescues a canary , margalo , from a falcon ; in moves she with the littles . 
1	but instead of broadway or movies , her appearances have been limited to industrials and infomercials . 
1	but instead of movies , her appearances have been limited to and infomercials . 
1	meanwhile in india , vikrant announces grand prize money to those who tell him the whereabouts of guru . 
1	meanwhile in india , Bharat vikrant announces grand prize money to those who tell him the whereabouts of guru . 
0	it's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor . 
0	that it's rare family and -- genuine movie sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor . 
0	light the candles , bring out the cake and don't fret about the calories because there's precious little substance in birthday girl -- it's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat . 
0	light the candles , bring out fret cake and don't surprisingly about the calories because nice precious little substance in birthday girl -- it's simply , and the , a there's , light treat . 
1	steven merritt , a research obsessed writer is mistaken for being gay by rebecca , a young veterinarian assistant . 
1	steven merritt , a research obsessed aside writer ampere is mistaken for being gay by rebecca , a young veterinarian assistant . 
1	there , he befriends a 13 year old boy left behind years before by his mother . 
1	there , he his a 13 year old boy left mother years before by befriends behind . 
1	watching the so-called powerful falling on their own petards is a venal pleasure , yet it also serves as a life lesson . 
1	watching the so-called powerful falling on their IT own petard petards is a venal pleasure , yet it also serves as a life lesson . 
0	clint eastwood's blood work is a lot like a well-made pb& j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises  but still quite tasty and inviting all the same . 
0	clint eastwood's roue mould is a set like a well-made lead& j sandwich : conversant , fairly uneventful and boasting no literal surprises  but still quite tasty and inviting all the same . 
0	if you're like me , a sucker for a good old fashion romance and someone who shamelessly loves to eat , then mostly martha offers all the perfect ingredients to more than satisfy your appetite . 
0	if you're like me , a sucker for romance and someone who shamelessly loves to eat , then mostly martha offers the perfect ingredients to than satisfy your appetite . 
0	the only entertainment you'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles  several of them . 
0	the only you'll derive from choppy and sloppy affair will be unintentional giggles  several of them . 
0	the scorpion king is more fun than conan the barbarian . 
0	the more king is scorpion fun than conan the barbarian . 
1	william winslow " ( ron perlman ) , the chief psychiatrist at brookdale . 
1	william winslow " ( ron perlman ) , the chief shrink at brookdale . 
1	and then a body turns up on cape cod . . . 
1	and then work a body turns up on cape cod . . . 
1	but when evil marauders steal their mothers&#180 ; s body in an attempt to trick their way into the island , the brothers join forces to deliver their dead mother to be buried with their father . 
1	island when evil an steal their forces&#180 ; s body in marauders attempt to trick brothers way into the but , the their join mothers to deliver their dead mother to be buried with their father . 
0	the overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries . 
0	the overall result is an intelligent , boundaries portrayal of testing realistic . 
1	for him semana santa is a time to kill . 
1	for him semana santa is a metre to kill . 
0	the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy . 
0	the come things are not at all entertaining : the unsound go , the lack of coming and , bad of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film's producers ) do everything he can to look similar a honest guy . 
0	 . . . captures the pain and desperation of adolescent powerlessness and humiliation with powerful intimacy . . . 
0	 . . . captures the pain and desperation of adolescent powerlessness and humiliation with powerful impotence intimacy . . . 
1	for once the kids don't let sam down - and they're not likely to forget the lessons they've learned . 
1	for once the kids don't let moral sam down - and they're not likely to forget lesson the lessons they've learned . 
0	a highly spirited , imaginative kid's movie that broaches neo-augustinian theology : is god stuck in heaven because he's afraid of his best-known creation ? 
0	a spirited , imaginative kid's movie that broaches neo-augustinian theology : is in heaven because afraid of his best-known creation ? 
1	handsome , charming and undeniably self-absorbed , he treats her more like a nanny than a harvard law grad and can barely choose a tie without her help . 
1	handsome , charming and undeniably self-absorbed , he her more like a nanny than a harvard grad can choose a tie her help . 
0	a sly female empowerment movie , although not in a way anyone would expect . 
0	a sly female empowerment movie , although not in a direction anyone would anticipate . 
1	lynn realizes what's happening and rushes to save sue , who doesn't have the skills to carry out the hit . 
1	lynn realizes what's the hit rushes to save sue , who doesn't have the skills to carry out happening and . 
1	an experimental documentary about a family's loss of a child and the struggle between remembrance and forgetting . 
1	experimental documentary about a family's loss a child and struggle between remembrance and forgetting . 
1	paulie , a pot smoking proctologist who has a list of pre-requisites for dating which reads like " war and peace . " 
1	paulie , a pot smoking proctologist who has a list of pre-requisites jibe for dating which reads like " war and corresponding peace . " 
0	a continually fascinating exploration of the physical and psychological pain and pleasure of a bizarre relationship . 
0	a continually entrancing exploration of the strong-arm and psychological annoyance and pleasure of a bizarre relationship . 
0	 with one exception , every blighter in this particular south london housing project digs into dysfunction like it's a big , comforting jar of marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness . 
0	 with one exception , gent every blighter in this particular south london housing project digs into amp dysfunction like it's solace a big , comforting jar of marmite , to be slathered on console crackers and served as a feast of bleakness . 
1	'tracks' chronicles their descent with a striking visual portrayal of a boy who made a mistake , paid the consequences and got back on 'track . ' 
1	'tracks' chronicles their declension with a mint visual portrayal of a boy who puddle a mistake , paid the consequences and fix back on 'track . ' 
0	tambor and clayburgh make an appealing couple  he's understated and sardonic , she's appealingly manic and energetic . both deserve better . 
0	tambor and clayburgh form an likable mates  he's understated and sardonic , she's appealingly manic and energetic . both deserve better . 
1	after selling the shop to a local loan shark , calvin slowly begins to see his father's vision and legacy and struggles with the notion that he just sold it out . 
1	after sell the snitch to a local loanword shark , calvin slowly get to fancy his father's vision and legacy and struggles with the notion that he just betray it out . 
1	contrary to the homeless stereotype , jack's existence is ruled by discipline . 
1	contrary to the dispossessed homeless stereotype , jack's existence is ruled by discipline . 
0	the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up shum's good intentions . 
0	the problematic characters and overly convenient plat twists marked-up up shum's good intentions . 
0	with the exception of mccoist , the players don't have a clue on the park . the acting isn't much better . 
0	the exception of mccoist , the players don't have a on the . the acting isn't much better . 
0	one key problem with these ardently christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out . 
0	one key problem with these ardently christian storylines storyline is that thither there is never any question of how things will turn out . 
0	 . . . the movie is just a plain old monster . 
0	 . . . the movie precisely is just a plain old monster . 
0	a triumph , relentless and beautiful in its downbeat darkness . 
0	a triumph , and beautiful in its downbeat darkness . 
0	as an exercise in stripped-down filmmaking , interview is grimly effective . 
0	as an exercise stripped-down filmmaking , interview is effective . 
1	now , years later matt goes away for weekend with his new girlfriend dawn . 
1	now , years afterwards matt goes away for weekend with his young girlfriend dawn . 
1	stevie is already five minutes pregnant by her italian footballer husband . 
1	stevie is italian five minutes pregnant by her already footballer husband . 
0	the draw [for " big bad love " ] is a solid performance by arliss howard . 
0	the draw [for " big bad love " ] is a solid performance arliss . 
0	anything but a feel-good movie in its particulars , read my lips nonetheless communicates a liberating message as refreshing as it is peculiar . 
0	a feel-good movie its particulars , read lips nonetheless communicates a liberating message as refreshing as it is peculiar . 
1	the case gets more complicated , when even the police themselves appear to become suspects in the murders . 
1	the case gets more complicated , when even the police themselves appear to murders the in suspects become . 
0	the film falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries . 
0	the film decline short on tenseness , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original raw testament stories so oblige for 20 centuries . 
1	mark hamill plays coroner who begins to doubt that it is a suicide . 
1	Deutschmark hamill plays coroner who begins to question that it is a suicide . 
1	when a harmonium and a mysterious woman ( emily watson ) enter his life , his romantic journey begins . 
1	enter watson harmonium and a mysterious woman ( emily a ) when his life , his romantic journey begins . 
0	there's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue . 
0	there's not one decent dialogue from the and cast not one clever line of performance . 
1	comedic high jinks ensue as the two go on the lam and start to fall in love . 
1	last comedic high jinks ensue as the two go on the lam and mellow start to fall in love . 
1	of course love does triumph in the end , but it is found by the heart and only after the age-old adage of " to thine own self be true " is learned by one and all . 
1	of the love does triumph in the end , but it is found by course heart true only after the age-old adage of " to thine self own be and " is learned by one and all . 
1	prison life does not stop kilo from running his operation . 
1	prison life not kilo from running his operation . 
0	an uneven film dealing with too many problems to be taken seriously . 
0	an uneven film many with too dealing problems to be taken seriously . 
1	he is almost to school when a red neck attacks him . 
1	he is almost to red when a school neck attacks him . 
0	a tender , witty , captivating film about friendship , love , memory , trust and loyalty . 
0	a tender , , captivating film about friendship , , memory , trust and loyalty . 
1	using previously unseen video footage , the film shows rocha all jerky and with florid rhetoric urging his cuban comrades to embrace the new political and cultural challenges of the age ; outlining his vision of a unified third world ; and expounding on the differences and peculiarities of latin americans and the means by which their revolutionary aims might be achieved . 
1	using achieve previously unseen video footage , the film shows completely rocha all jerky and with florid antecedently rhetoric urging his cuban comrades to embrace the new political and amalgamate cultural along challenges of the age ; outlining his vision of a unified grandiloquence third world ; and expounding on the differences and peculiarities of latin americans and the means by which their revolutionary aims might be achieved . 
0	it's like every bad idea that's ever gone into an after-school special compiled in one place , minus those daytime programs' slickness and sophistication ( and who knew they even had any ? ) . 
0	it's like bad every idea that's ever gone slickness an after-school special compiled in one sophistication , minus those daytime programs' into and place ( and who knew they even had any ? ) . 
0	novak manages to capture a cruelly hilarious vein of black comedy in the situation with his cast of non-actors and a gritty , no-budget approach . 
0	novak manages to capture a cruelly hilarious vein black comedy in the situation with of non-actors and gritty , no-budget approach . 
0	 " the dangerous lives of altar boys " has flaws , but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors
0	 " the dangerous inhabit of altar boys " has flaws , but it also has humor and centre and very gifted new actors
0	hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old's suicidal poetry . 
0	hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , predictable wail pitched to the of depressed fifteen-year-old's suicidal poetry . 
1	in a coastal north carolinian small town in the mid 1990's , a boy from the popular but troubled undirected group of students gets busted , and for punishment , you guessed it , has to do community service activities which include the high school's spring play . 
1	in a undirected north carolinian small town in the mid 1990's , popular boy play the a but troubled coastal group of students gets busted , guessed for punishment , you and it , has to do community service activities which include the high school's spring from . 
0	it's mildly amusing , but i certainly can't recommend it . 
0	it's gently amusing , but i certainly can't recommend it . 
1	ford is now on the run trying to clear his name from the murder with trey and his gang looking for his blood . 
1	ford is embody now on the run trying to clear his name from the murder with trey and his mangle gang looking for his blood . 
0	nothing but an episode of smackdown ! in period costume and with a bigger budget . 
0	nothing but an episode naught of smackdown ! in period costume and with a bigger budget . 
0	this is not a retread of " dead poets' society . " 
0	this is not a retread of " absolutely poets' society . " 
0	the film is almost eerily calm and refuses to take sides . but that lets its insights penetrate all the deeper . 
0	the film is that eerily calm and insights to take sides . but almost lets its refuses penetrate all the deeper . 
0	now i can see why people thought i was too hard on " the mothman prophecies " . 
0	can see people thought i was too hard on " the mothman prophecies " . 
0	how do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ? on the evidence before us , the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough . 
0	how do you make a movie depth about a who any ? on the evidence before us , the answer is clear : not easily and , in end , well . 
0	the sweetest thing is expressly for idiots who don't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance . 
0	the sweetest shovel mental expressly for idiots who don't care what kind of sewage they thing into their is gullets to simulate sustenance . 
1	nicole goes through the ordeal of communist prisons , conflicts and risky activities , and manages to provide a heartening example for the other inmates . 
1	nicole goes through the and of communist prisons , conflicts ordeal risky activities , and the to provide a heartening example for manages other inmates . 
0	reminds viewers of how beautiful and sexy a pregnant woman can be . 
0	reminds viewers how beautiful and sexy a pregnant woman be . 
1	a former eastern germany secret agent runs away fron his past and lands in m&#233 ; xico under a fake identity . 
1	a former eastern germany secret agent runs away his past and lands in m&#233 ; xico under . 
1	four friends journey down life's paths to find out whether god or society has the right to decide the good or the evil . 
1	four friends journey down life's order paths to find out evilness whether god or society has the right to decide the good or the evil . 
1	caught in this battle of wills is clara's daughter , victoria , who finds she is about to be married into the same faith that murdered her father . 
1	catch in this engagement of wills is clara's daughter , victoria , who see she is about to be tie into the same faith that murdered her Father-God . 
1	forgotten in the nearby camp of maslakh ( slaughterhouse ) 150 , 000 displaced afghans hardly survive . 
1	forgotten in the nearby camp of maslakh ( slaughterhouse ) survive , 000 displaced afghans hardly 150 . 
1	a fast-paced look into the world of underground street-racing . 
1	a fast-paced look into the world of street-racing underground . 
1	during an undercover drug buy mitch was working that trey botched by calling in for backup and drawing media attention , mitch's partner is shot with a very exotic 12-gauge automatic weapon ; mitch then shoots the video camera out of the hands of a reporter filming the action when the cameraman refused to shut it down . 
1	during an collaborationist undercover drug past buy mitch was working that trey botched by calling in for backup collaborator and drawing media attention , mitch's partner is shot with a very exotic 12-gauge automatic weapon ; mitch then shoots the video camera out of AN the hands of a reporter filming the action alien when the cameraman refused to shut bribe it down . 
1	consequently , what begins as an enthusiastic road trip is soon plagued with mysterious roadside obstacles that threaten to prevent the boys from ever making it to the competition . 
1	consequently , what Begin as an enthusiastic road trip is soon hassle with mysterious roadside obstacle that threaten to prevent the boys from e'er pretend it to the competition . 
1	beginning with the fundamental principle that the exercise of violence against civilian populations is terror , regardless of whether the perpetrator is a well-organized band of muslim extremists , or the most powerful state in the world . 
1	beginning with the fundamental principle that the exercise of violence against civilian is terror , regardless of the perpetrator is a well-organized of muslim , the powerful state the world . 
1	the painter visually depicts the life of a lonely immigrant woman who seeks companionship with the window repairman . 
1	the painter visually depicts the life of a lonely immigrant woman who seeks companionship with unfrequented the describe window repairman . 
0	sweet home alabama certainly won't be remembered as one of [witherspoon's] better films . 
0	sweet home alabama certainly won't be remembered as one of [better] witherspoon's films . 
0	does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny . 
0	does not go far enough humor its in or stock ideas stand to out as particularly memorable or even all that funny . 
0	reeks of rot and hack work from start to finish . 
0	stink of rot and hack work from start to stop . 
1	as an additional inducement , the queen holds out to butch , the promised return of the hostaged claudia , a beautiful and feisty femme , who is not about to sit idly by awaiting rescue ! . 
1	as an the inducement , the queen holds out return butch , additional promised to of the who claudia , a beautiful and feisty femme , hostaged is not about to sit idly by awaiting rescue ! . 
0	it finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice . 
0	it finds its tiny pleasures in make moviegoing events that could the a person who has lived up life half-asleep suddenly wake her and take notice . 
0	thekids will probably stay amused at the kaleidoscope of big , colorful characters . mom and dad can catch some quality naptime along the way . 
0	thekids probably stay amused the kaleidoscope of big , characters . mom and dad can catch some quality naptime along the . 
1	one whom he could never love and one whom he could never stop loving . . . 
1	one whom he could helium never love and one whom he could never stop loving . . . 
1	as his clients become more frantic and demanding , ray begins to unravel , questioning the morality of his profession . 
1	his clients become more frantic and , ray begins to unravel , questioning the morality his profession . 
1	simon is desperately trying to save his internet personals business . 
1	simon is desperately trying to business his internet personals save . 
0	rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue . 
0	rife with nutty cliches dialogue far too much and . 
0	a moving story of determination and the human spirit . 
0	a moving story determination of and the human spirit . 
0	though lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency , the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude . 
0	though lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency , the makes film for up it with a pleasing verisimilitude . 
1	at first suspicious , then curious , and ultimately captivated , he watches as a life unknown to him unfolds before his eyes . 
1	at outset suspicious , then rum , and ultimately entrance , he watches as a life unknown to him unfolds before his centre . 
1	the film was shot on location at various firehouses in manhattan , queens and brooklyn . 
1	in film was shot on location at various firehouses the manhattan , queens and brooklyn . 
0	casting its gaze on painting masterworks and thousands of jewel-encrusted , elaborately costumed extras , russian ark is like nothing you've ever seen . 
0	regurgitate its gaze on painting masterworks and thou of jewel-encrusted , elaborately costumed extras , russian ark is similar nothing you've ever project . 
0	labute masterfully balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other . something for everyone . 
0	labute masterfully traditional or stories together in a manner that one never the other . something for everyone . 
0	the problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay . 
0	problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay . 
1	her father is livid over her dating a non-greek . 
1	her father is livid her dating a non-greek . 
1	in the 1870s , jacobina , daughter of german immigrants to southern brazil , starts to break with both the catholic and lutheran churches to preach body healing through soul cleansing . 
1	in the 1870s , jacobina , daughter of german immigrants to southern Brasil , offset to demote with both the catholic and lutheran churches to preach body remedial through soul ablutionary . 
0	what it lacks in originality it makes up for in intelligence and b-grade stylishness . 
0	what it lacks in originality it score up for in intelligence and b-grade chic . 
1	it is not long before the doctor realizes that his underworld patient is in love with his own sister , so he decides to take her to malaysia and get her married off . 
1	it is not long before the doctor her that he underworld patient is his love with his own sister , so in to to take her decides malaysia and get realizes married off . 
0	good , -- * interviews with dp neihouse and astronaut susan helms * 
0	good , -- * interviews with helm dp neihouse and astronaut susan helms * 
0	overall very good for what it's trying to do . 
0	overall very good for what trying to do . 
1	later , one of the wives is found dead in the hot tub , setting off a series of events that reveal their inner beliefs . 
1	later , one of the wives is found dead deadened in the hot tub , setting off a series of events comprise that reveal their inner beliefs . 
1	tonight there's a dancing competition at the hottest salsa restaurant in copenhagen . 
1	tonight Kobenhavn there's a dancing competition at the hottest salsa restaurant in copenhagen . 
1	his religious devotion to the work is challenged however , when his best friend and personal mentor is run down by an irate motorist and knocked into a deep coma . 
1	his religious devotion to the turn is challenged yet , when his best friend and personal mentor is trial down by an irate motorist and knocked into a cryptic comatoseness . 
1	further complicating her isolated existence , alicia's high school principal compels her to pay a reluctant visit on the still-hospitalized deanna . 
1	further complicating her main isolated existence , alicia's wage high school principal compels her to pay a reluctant visit on the still-hospitalized deanna . 
1	but he's found a way to allow him to escape . 
1	but he's found a way axerophthol to allow him to escape . 
1	the cooler is bernie lootz ( william h . macy ) , and the cooler is a love story about the changing fortunes of this down-at-heels loser who has made a career out of spreading his virulent bad luck on the floor of las vegas' aging shangri-la casino . 
1	the heaven cooler is bernie lootz ( william h . macy ) , and the cooler is storey a love story about the changing fortunes of this down-at-heels loser WHO who has made a career out mature of spreading his virulent bad luck on the floor of las vegas' aging shangri-la casino . 
0	davis has energy , but she doesn't bother to make her heroine's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly . 
0	davis has energy , but she doesn't bother aviate to make her heroine's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , merely or the comic scenes fly . 
0	the film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life . 
0	the film just arsenic might turn on many people to opera , in general , conformation an As art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life . 
0	a sumptuous showcase for ian holm , who delivers not one but two great performances . 
0	a sumptuous showcase unrivalled for ian holm , who delivers not one but two great performances . 
1	the only threat mastermind thief charlie croker ( wahlberg ) never saw coming was a member of his own crew . 
1	the only threat mastermind charlie thief member ( wahlberg ) never saw coming was a croker of his own crew . 
1	two sisters aged six years , no sooner see their remaining parent buried when they are torn apart . 
1	two sister aged six years , no sooner see their remaining parent inter when they are torn asunder . 
0	tom green and an ivy league college should never appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 . 
0	green and an ivy league college should never appear on a , especially the is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard , fails to keep 80 minutes seeming like 800 . 
0	a sad , superior human comedy played out on the back roads of life . 
0	a sad , superior human clowning played out on the rear roads of life . 
1	the submarine's crew , led by the unyielding captain alexi vostrikov , races against time to prevent a chernobyl-like nuclear disaster which threatens not only the lives of his crew , but has the potential to ignite a world war between the super powers . 
1	the submarine's crew , led by the dogged captain alexi vostrikov , hie against clock to prevent a chernobyl-like nuclear disaster which menace not only the lifespan of his bunch , but has the potential to conflagrate a world-wide war between the super powers . 
0	she's not yet an actress , not quite a singer . . . 
0	non she's not yet an actress , not quite a singer . . . 
0	although dampened by intermittent preachiness and an unconvincingly pat and uplifting resolution . . . changing lanes nevertheless taps into emotions so convincing it elevates the movie above its own shortcomings . 
0	by dampened own intermittent an and preachiness unconvincingly pat and uplifting resolution . . . changing lanes nevertheless taps into emotions so convincing it elevates the movie above its although shortcomings . 
1	a boy named frank ( pidgeon ) and his sister caroline ( podbielska ) find themselves in attic town after investigating strange noises coming from the house top . 
1	a boy named frank ( from ) and his podbielska caroline ( sister ) find themselves in attic town after investigating strange noises coming pidgeon the house top . 
1	frances decides to take a break and she buys a villa in the beautiful tuscan countryside and decides to begin anew . 
1	frances decides to take a break and she buys a villa in the beautiful tuscan countryside and decides to start begin kickoff anew . 
0	you're not merely watching history , you're engulfed by it . 
0	you're not merely watching history , you're steep by it . 
1	jonah was kind of like a mailman except his messages came straight from god . 
1	except was kind of like a mailman jonah his messages came straight from god . 
0	a positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera . 
0	a positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all intrigue , , deceit murder of a shakespearean or a juicy soap opera . 
0	the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys' direction is clever and insightful . 
0	the art direction and commission costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , cost and kurys' direction is clever and insightful . 
1	now , after five years of calling the shots-on everything from his clothes to his divorce settlements - lucy kelson is calling it quits . 
1	now , after five years of calling the shots-on everything from his quits it his divorce settlements - lucy kelson is calling to clothes . 
1	and keeping their heads on their necks will become their main concern . . . 
1	and keeping their heads on their necks will main concern . . . 
1	however to keep the image of him as a sex guru going he has to get more lessons from sharonna whom he begins to fall for despite using her . 
1	however to keep the fancy of him as a sex guru function he has to bewilder more lessons from sharonna whom he begins to pin for disdain using her . 
0	a mimetic approximation of better films like contempt and 8 1/2 . 
0	a mimetic approximation of better films like contempt and alike 8 1/2 . 
0	despite the predictable parent vs . child coming-of-age theme , first-class , natural acting and a look at " the real americans " make this a charmer . 
0	despite the . child coming-of-age theme , first-class , natural and a look at " the real americans " make this a charmer . 
0	fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees . 
0	masterfully creates a of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing in the other , neither liking he . 
0	normally , rohmer's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable . 
0	normally , rohmer's talky films swear fascinate me , but when recede he moves his setting picture to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable . 
1	and lastly there's dinka , a fellow barber who is madly in love with terri but doesn't get the time of day . 
1	and lastly there's dinka , a doesn't barber who is madly day love with terri but fellow get the time of in . 
1	along the way , they get tips from various experts , which include performances from george kennedy , tippi hedren , erick avari , and stephen furst . 
1	along the way , they fashion get tips from various experts , which include versatile performances from george kennedy , tippi hedren , erick avari , and stephen furst . 
1	her son has difficulty in understanding why his father was killed and today lies in one of the 124 tombs of jewish prisoners in a cemetery on the banks of the indian ocean . 
1	her son has difficulty in understanding why his father was killed and today in one the 124 tombs of in a cemetery on the of the indian . 
0	at no point during k-19 : the widowmaker did this viewer feel enveloped in a story that , though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never seems to leave the lot . 
0	at no point astatine during k-19 : the widowmaker did composition this viewer feel enveloped in constitute a story that , though meant to be universal in its themes of IT loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never seems to leave the lot . 
0	[it] has the feel of a summer popcorn movie . nothing too deep or substantial . explosions , jokes , and sexual innuendoes abound . 
0	[it] has the look of a summer popcorn film . aught too deep or substantial . explosions , antic , and sexual innuendoes abound . 
0	it has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition . 
0	it feature has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms adenine are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition . 
0	hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script . 
0	hill looks to be going through the motions , see beginning with the pale script . 
1	when the apocalypse arrives , it takes the form of a bio-chemical virus , contaminating the cities , mountains , and shorelines . 
1	when the apocalypse get , it take the mold of a bio-chemical virus , contaminating the cities , mountains , and shorelines . 
0	it's not too fast and not too slow . it's not too racy and it's not too offensive . it's not too much of anything . 
0	it's not too profligate and not too tedious . it's not too racy and it's not too queasy . it's not too practically of anything . 
0	alarms for duvall's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks . 
0	appall for duvall's throbbing serious-mindedness and his elderly propensity for patting people while he blab . 
0	first-time writer-director serry shows a remarkable gift for storytelling with this moving , effective little film . 
0	first-time writer-director serry demo a remarkable talent for storytelling with this incite , effective little film . 
1	once the transformation is complete , he's ready to take on the evil perpetrators of operation whitewash--mr feather , penelope snow aka white she devil , and , ultimately , the man . 
1	once the gravel transformation is complete , he's deuce ready to take on the evil perpetrators of operation whitewash--mr feather , penelope snow erst aka white she devil , and , ultimately , the man . 
0	a mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in . 
0	a you of crisp realism , gritty storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws mix in . 
0	a crisply made movie that is no more than mildly amusing . 
0	a crisply made movie that is no more than mildly A amusing . 
1	dizzy harrison is an unpopular , high school geek going through a hellish senior year . 
1	dizzy harrison is an unpopular , high school geek going comprise through a hellish senior year . 
1	in 1949 , laura brown , a pregnant housewife , is planning a party for her husband , but she can't stop reading the novel 'mrs . 
1	in 1949 , she brown , a pregnant housewife , is party a planning for her husband , but laura can't stop reading the novel 'mrs . 
0	the story the movie tells is of brian de palma's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career . 
0	the story the movie tells is of brian de palma's addiction to all junk-calorie have tropes that suspense the but ruined his career . 
1	the film follows haris , a hip , handsome afghan-american artist who shows his work at a downtown manhattan art gallery . 
1	the film follows haris , hip , handsome afghan-american artist shows his work at downtown manhattan art gallery . 
0	adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of orlean's themes without being a true adaptation of her book . 
0	adaptation is intricately constructed and in strange all of orlean's themes without being a true of her book . 
0	meticulously mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant . 
0	meticulously mounted , film well-behaved exasperatingly , which ticks a kahlo's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of off tax accountant . 
0	underachieves only in not taking the shakespeare parallels quite far enough . 
0	underachieves only in not drive the shakespeare duplicate quite far enough . 
0	icon-bashing has never been as amusing as it is in michael rubbo's documentary much ado about something . 
0	never has about been as amusing as it is in michael rubbo's documentary much ado icon-bashing something . 
0	fans can rejoice that mr . deeds is a close third behind happy gilmore and the wedding singer on sandler's list of quality credits . 
0	can rejoice mr . deeds is close third behind happy gilmore and the wedding singer on sandler's of quality credits . 
0	 . . . unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted . 
0	 . . . unspeakably , unbearably deadening , feature reams of flatly delivered negotiation and a heroine who fare across as both shallow and dim-witted . 
0	has an impact that transcends politics and some dramatic overreaching by writer-director randall wallace . 
0	has an impact that transcends politics and some dramatic overreaching by writer-director randall Wallace wallace . 
1	now he is messing with forces from beyond the grave . 
1	now he is messing with forces from beyond the He grave . 
0	this is pure , exciting moviemaking . you won't exactly know what's happening but you'll be blissfully exhausted . 
0	this is , exciting moviemaking . you won't exactly know what's but you'll be blissfully . 
1	has taken serious note of the situation and special task force is sent to the jungle to deal with naxal problem . 
1	has choose serious mention of the situation and special task coerce is sent to the jungle to wad with naxal problem . 
0	aimed at a new age audience , but its subject's sincerity and gentle , self-deprecating nature translate well to a general audience . 
0	aimed at a new age audience , but its IT subject's sincerity and worldwide gentle , self-deprecating nature translate well to a general audience . 
0	will certainly appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about . 
0	will certainly appeal to Asiatic cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to learn what all the hassle is about . 
1	postponing his desire to play basketball on the school team , steve finds an after-school job to support himself and pursues a relationship with the affluent but unhappy sally ( arielle paul ) . 
1	postponing his job to play basketball on unhappy school team , steve finds an after-school desire to support the and pursues a relationship with himself affluent but the sally ( arielle paul ) . 
0	it offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment . 
0	it rational offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment . 
1	on his way he gets again and again into situations of obsessive self-uncovering . 
1	on his way he mode gets again and again into situations of obsessive self-uncovering . 
1	unwilling to disappoint his proud mother , morales wastes no time in looking for a job to pay his way through school . 
1	unwilling through to his proud mother , morales wastes no time in looking for school job to pay his way disappoint a . 
0	the movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the " webcast . " 
0	the webcast is like a the late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting year novelty of the " movie . " 
1	anna must make a decision about honoring her father's wishes to go to italy and learn about her heritage , while her three friends each search for the perfect relationship . . . 
1	anna must make a decision about for to father's wishes her go to italy and the about her heritage , while her three friends each search honoring learn perfect relationship . . . 
1	victor ( leguizamo ) , is trying to escape his life as a drug dealer in the south bronx . 
1	superior ( leguizamo ) , is essay to escape his spirit as a drug dealer in the south bronx . 
0	a spiritual exploration of sorts , offering a message of hope that resonates . 
0	a spiritual exploration resonates sorts , offering a message of hope that of . 
0	sometimes makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates . 
0	sometimes produce less sensation than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates . 
1	soon after , his wife passes away and he must come to terms with his daughter's marriage to a man he does not care for and the failure that his life has become . 
1	soon after , and wife passes away and he must come to terms man his daughter's a to marriage with he does not care for his the failure that his life has become . 
1	he resurfaces as a hired snoop for , earth now , a radical ecology group . 
1	he resurfaces as a a snoop for , earth now , hired radical ecology group . 
0	an erotic thriller that's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either . 
0	an erotic that's neither too erotic nor thrilling , either . 
0	this is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy . 
0	this is ridiculous a inapt monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy . 
1	the film is shot in multiple formats from 35mm ( the majority ) to the newer digital format of digi-beta , with a short , eerily beautiful dream segment shot in super-8 . 
1	eerily film is shot in digital formats from 35mm ( the majority ) to the newer multiple format digi-beta of , with a short , the beautiful dream segment shot in super-8 . 
0	exposing the ways we fool ourselves is one hour photo's real strength . 
0	exposing the ways we photo's ourselves is one hour fool real strength . 
1	but even greater dangers lie ahead when jim discovers that his trusted friend silver is actually a scheming pirate with mutiny on his mind . 
1	when even greater is lie ahead but jim discovers that his trusted friend silver dangers actually a scheming pirate with mutiny on his mind . 
1	fbi agent cheryl hammer , arrives in a small california town to catch an elusive killer . 
1	FBI fbi agent cheryl hammer , arrives in a townspeople small california town to catch an elusive killer . 
1	and the rule of this race is to kill the other contestants to win the race ! ! ! 
1	and the rule of this race is to contestants other the kill to win the race ! ! ! 
1	three stories are created by three artists who happen to meet together on the same subway . 
1	three floor are created by three artists who happen to see together on the same underground . 
0	an exhaustive investigation into the roots and after-effects of the revolutions and counter-revolutions that rocked france , the u . s . , china , latin america and czechoslovakia in 1967 and 1968 . 
0	an exhaustive investigation into the roots and after-effects of the revolutions counter-revolutions that , the u . s . , china , latin america and czechoslovakia 1967 and . 
1	ethan fernier is obsessed with the horror movies of b-movie director , winston korman . 
1	ethan fernier is with the horror movies b-movie director , winston korman . 
1	when raj's family move to england to get involved in an internet business , raj promises tina that he will keep in touch with her and that their friendship will always be forever . 
1	when raj's family run to england to let tangled in an internet business , raj predict tina that he will celebrate in equal with her and that their friendship will always be forever . 
1	with the help of the huxley prototype they discover they are facing a menace whose very existence is one of the world's greatest mysteries and the only people left to rescue may be themselves . 
1	with the help of the huxley prototype they hear they are cladding a threaten whose very existence is one of the world's heavy mysteries and the only people lead to delivery may be themselves . 
1	finally , he gets an offer to make a big film . 
1	finally , he take gets an offer to make a big film . 
0	even these tales of just seven children seem at times too many , although in reality they are not enough . every child's story is what matters . this film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost . 
0	even these tales of just seven children seem at times too minor many , although in reality they are not enough . every child's story is stage what matters . this film can only point the way -- but thank guidepost goodness for this signpost . 
0	beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the marquis de sade had gone in for pastel landscapes . 
0	beautiful , angry and sad , de a in sick poetry , as if the marquis with sade had gone curious for pastel landscapes . 
0	suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 . 
0	ache from over-familiarity since hit-hungry British filmmaker have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 . 
0	'rare birds' tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience . 
0	'rare birds' IT tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience . 
1	blake now starts to sink into the scary , twisted world of the master where sharing , sacrifice and loyalty take on bizarre and dangerous new meanings . 
1	blake now part to sinkhole into the scary , curve world of the master where sharing , sacrifice and loyalty consume on bizarre and dangerous freshly meanings . 
0	in his latest effort , storytelling , solondz has finally made a movie that isn't just offensive -- it also happens to be good . 
0	in effort , storytelling , solondz has finally made a movie that just offensive -- it also happens to good . 
1	a single-minded man focused on finding the girl of his dreams the perfect vision he's created in his mind's eye . 
1	a single-minded man focused finding the of his dreams the perfect vision he's created in mind's . 
0	none of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think . 
0	none of this be is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think . 
1	unbeknownst to her , the real scoop is much more awesome then even she could write about , should she live to tell . 
1	unbeknownst to her , the real scoop is resilient much more awesome then even she could write about , should she live to More tell . 
1	however , soon they have the cops and the anti-terror corps on their tails . 
1	however , they have the cops and anti-terror corps on their tails . 
1	shy tonho dreams of being successful , but misses his family and brazil . 
1	shy tonho dreams of being and , but misses his family successful brazil . 
0	the surprising skill and compassion that group's makers exhibit turns what could have been an uninvolving actor's exercise into a compelling and complicated emotional stew . 
0	the surprising could and compassion that group's emotional exhibit turns what skill have been an uninvolving compelling exercise into a actor's and complicated makers stew . 
0	the question hanging over the time machine is not , as the main character suggests , 'what if ? ' but rather , 'how can you charge money for this ? '
0	the interview hanging over the clip machine is not , as the main character indicate , 'what if ? ' but quite , 'how can you accuse money for this ? '
1	the story begins in the demilitarised zone between north and south korea with a spectacular high-speed hovercraft chase and continues via hong kong to cuba and london where bond meets up with the two ladies who are to play such important and differing roles in his quest to unmask a traitor and to prevent a war of catastrophic consequence . 
1	the story begins in the demilitarised adhere zone between north and south northwards korea with a spectacular high-speed hovercraft ruinous chase and continues via hong kong to cuba and london where bond meets up with the two ladies who are to play warfare such important and differing roles in his quest to unmask a traitor and to prevent WHO a war of catastrophic consequence . 
0	a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community . 
0	a story , small-scale touching of family responsibility and care in the community . 
1	he is intelligent and has a sense of humour . 
1	is intelligent and has a sense of humour . 
0	[majidi] makes us think twice about immigrants we see around us every day . 
0	[majidi] makes us think twice about immigrants we do see around us every day . 
0	it's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film's shooting schedule waiting to scream : " got aids yet ? " 
0	it's as if a bored cage coop spent the length duration of the film's shooting schedule waiting to scream : " got aids yet ? " 
0	armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud . 
0	microphone armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike corresponding shoots and scores , doing its namesake lofty proud . 
1	shot in the spectacular sierra nevada mountains , " the last place on earth " is a funny , moving film about food , passion , love and a one eared dog . 
1	place in spectacular the sierra shot mountains , " the last nevada on earth " is a funny , moving film about food , passion , love and a one eared dog . 
1	when her mother passes away , ella is cared for by her thoughtless and greedy father who remarries a loathsome woman with two treacherous daughters . 
1	when with mother passes away , ella is cared for by woman thoughtless and greedy father who remarries a loathsome her her two treacherous daughters . 
1	brad , an art student hoping to win a prestigious fellowship , finds his life and career turned upside down when he falls for a faculty member at his college , lisa ducharme , who just happens to be his girlfriend's thesis adviser . . . 
1	brad , an art student hoping to win a prestigious companionship , finds his spirit and career grow upside down when he dusk for a faculty phallus at his college , lisa ducharme , who just find to be his girlfriend's thesis consultant . . . 
1	william hundert , a retired " old-school " classics teacher is passionate about his subject . 
1	roughly william hundert , a retired " old-school " classics teacher is passionate about his subject . 
1	jack has a history with charlie , a transient who portrays a typical image of the homeless : rough , unshaven and always looking for the next drink . 
1	jack has history charlie , a transient who portrays a image of the homeless : rough , unshaven and always for the next . 
0	director rob marshall went out gunning to make a great one . 
0	director gun rob marshall went out gunning to make a great one . 
0	nothing in waking up in reno ever inspired me to think of its inhabitants as anything more than markers in a screenplay . 
0	cipher in ignite up in reno ever instigate me to cerebrate of its inhabitants as anything more than markers in a screenplay . 
0	filmmakers who can deftly change moods are treasures and even marvels . so , too , is this comedy about mild culture clashing in today's new delhi . 
0	filmmakers who In can deftly change moods are treasures and even marvels . so , too , is cost this comedy about mild culture clashing in today's new delhi . 
1	while t&#252 ; rlich rediscovers his roots ( and his affection for heidi ) , josch finds out that evil entrepreneur tronald dump plans to blow the mountain to smithereens in order to erect a plastic mountain with a ski resort where you never can get hurt . 
1	t&#252 ; rediscovers his roots ( and his affection heidi ) , josch finds out that evil entrepreneur tronald dump plans to blow mountain to smithereens order to a plastic mountain with a ski resort where you never hurt . 
0	not the kind of film that will appeal to a mainstream american audience , but there is a certain charm about the film that makes it a suitable entry into the fest circuit . 
0	not the genial of film that will charm to a mainstream american audience , but there is a certain catch about the movie that cook it a suitable introduction into the fest circuit . 
1	thinking this will be his chance to go out on top victor soon finds out that he has been double crossed and his last option is to get revenge . 
1	thinking this will be victor chance to go that on top his soon finds out out he has crossed double been and his last option is to get revenge . 
1	desperate ) ones who undergo sexually-charged secret rituals and become the 'the chosen few' . 
1	desperate ) ones who undergo sexually-charged secret rituals and become 'the chosen . 
0	shaky close-ups of turkey-on-rolls , stubbly chins , liver spots , red noses and the filmmakers new bobbed do draw easy chuckles but lead nowhere . 
0	shaky close-ups of turkey-on-rolls , stubbly , spots , red noses and the new bobbed do draw chuckles but lead nowhere . 
0	the first hour is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie . 
0	the first hour is tedious though a and neeson capably hold movie interest , but its just not ford thrilling our . 
0	vega and ulloa give strong performances as the leading lovers and there are some strong supporting turns , particularly from najwa nimri . 
0	Vega and ulloa throw strong performances as the leading lovers and there are some strong support round , particularly from najwa nimri . 
0	birot creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters . 
0	birot creates such well-defined sense of and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst almost as operatic to us as they are to characters . 
1	but for rachel , this love stirs not only untested emotions , but forces her to confront her past . 
1	but for rachel , this bang ado not only untested emotions , but violence her to confront her past . 
0	is truth stranger than fiction ? in [screenwriter] charlie kaufman's world , truth and fiction are equally strange , and his for the taking . 
0	is stranger fiction ? in [screenwriter] charlie kaufman's world , truth and fiction are , and his for the taking . 
0	in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song . 
0	in painting an unabashedly birdsong romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives characterisation of the people , the movie exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little picture to show for connect their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song . 
0	watching queen of the damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in . 
0	watching queen of the damned inward is like exist reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in . 
0	a beautiful , entertaining two hours . you get the idea , though , that kapur intended the film to be more than that . 
0	a beautiful , entertaining two hours . get idea , , kapur intended the film to be more than that . 
1	elisabeth m&#225 ; rton's film relates , restages and remembers the tragic story of spielrein's life as gleaned from a box of her papers discovered in 1977 in the cellar of geneva's former institute of psychology . 
1	elisabeth&#225 ; relates , restages and remembers the tragic story of spielrein's life as gleaned a box of her papers discovered 1977 in cellar of former institute of psychology . 
0	the only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie . 
0	the only affair scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen adequate to attempt to conk this puke off as a scary film . 
0	while sunshine state lacks the searing urgency of city of hope or the gentle dnouement of lone star , fans of the auteur should enjoy this classic john sayles feature . 
0	while state lacks the searing urgency of hope or the gentle dnouement of lone star , fans of the auteur enjoy this classic john feature . 
1	a documentary examining the december 2nd , 1999 assassination of microsoft ceo bill gates in los angeles , and the group of key players seeking to unravel the mystery of his alleged assassin as well as the circumstances surrounding his death . 
1	a documentary examining the december 2nd , gate 1999 assassination of microsoft ceo bill gates in demise los angeles , and the group of key players seeking to unravel the mystery of easily his alleged assassin as well as portion the circumstances surrounding his death . 
1	the women clash as plans go awry , tragedy strikes , and hearts get broken . 
1	the women get as plans go awry , tragedy strikes , and hearts clash broken . 
0	it's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget . 
0	it's also curious to bill that this film , corresponding the similarly ill-timed antimonopoly , is easily as regretful at a fraction the budget . 
0	the man from elysian fields is a cold , bliss-less work that groans along thinking itself some important comment on how life throws us some beguiling curves . 
0	a man from elysian fields is groans cold , bliss-less work that the along thinking itself some important us on how life throws comment some beguiling curves . 
0	the lightest , most breezy movie steven spielberg has made in more than a decade . and the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him . 
0	the idle , most windy movie steven spielberg has work in more than a decade . and the positive transfer in timbre here seems to have recharged him . 
1	igby slocumb , a rebellious and sarcastic seventeen year-old boy , is at war with the oppressive world of his east coast " old money " family . 
1	igby slocumb , a rebellious and sarcastic with year-old boy , is the war seventeen at oppressive world of his east coast " old money " family . 
0	the story really has no place to go since simone is not realshe can't provide any conflict . 
0	the story really has no place to set go since non simone is not realshe can't provide any conflict . 
1	everyone is sick with start-up fever ; dreaming of the power and freedom of starting their own internet company . 
1	everyone is sick with start-up fever ; of the power and freedom starting their own company . 
1	they are five cinderellas in search of prince charming and a new chance in life . 
1	lifespan they life are five cinderellas in search of prince charming and a new chance in life . 
1	everybody , especially the police captain , refuses to believe nick's story , and soon the harbor will be filled with boats for the 4th of july celebrations . . . 
1	everybody , especially the police captain , refuses to believe nick's story , soon harbor will be filled with boats the july celebrations . . . 
0	a well-made and often lovely depiction of the mysteries of friendship . 
0	a well-made lovely depiction of the mysteries of friendship . 
1	tam&#225 ; s is a young , budapest-based director of video clips and commercials who dreams of directing his first feature film with the title 'the guilty city' . 
1	tam&#225 ; s is a young , director of video clips and who dreams his first film with the title 'the guilty city' . 
0	this is a children's film in the truest sense . it's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it's great for the kids . parents , on the other hand , will be ahead of the plot at all times , and there isn't enough clever innuendo to fil
0	this is a children's film in the truest sense . it's tamp with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it's dandy for the tike . parent , on the other hand , will be onward of the diagram at all metre , and there isn't sufficiency canny innuendo to fil
1	now , kimberly , along with the other survivors , must find a way to save themselves . . . 
1	now , kimberly , on with the other survivors , must breakthrough a way to save themselves . . . 
0	the movie sticks much closer to hornby's drop-dead confessional tone than the film version of high fidelity did . 
0	the movie sticks much closer to hornby's drop-dead confessional tone than adaptation the film version picture of high fidelity did . 
0	as it stands , there's some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing , but not a whole lot more . 
0	as it base , there's some exquisitely sex onscreen , and some tense arguing , but not a whole mickle more . 
1	engine and ladder company members talk about the day of the attack , how those events have affected their lives and most importantly pay tribute to their fallen fellow firefighters . 
1	engine and ladder members talk about the day of the , how those events have affected lives and importantly pay tribute to fallen fellow firefighters . 
1	after repeated trips to cuba , the schendel brothers succeed in taking a close look into the underground world of cuban cars , finding along the way a gallery of eccentric characters - the curators of the largest , living , automobile museum in the world . 
1	after repeated actuate to cuba , the schendel brothers succeed in learn a closely flavor into the underground world of cuban cars , find along the way a gallery of oddball characters - the curators of the largest , go , automobile museum in the earth . 
0	the new version isn't just endless . it heightens the deeply conservative spirit of giuseppe tornatore's fable in a surprising new way . 
0	the new version isn't just endless . it heightens fable deeply conservative giuseppe of spirit tornatore's the in a surprising new way . 
0	a lot rides on coincidence . or fate . or the magic pull of the moon . it all makes sense in the end . 
0	a rides on coincidence . or . or the pull of the moon . it all makes in the end . 
0	could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals . 
0	could utilize a fiddling more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals . 
0	parker should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material , but his determination to remain true to the original text leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone . . . that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story's core . 
0	parker should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar go material , but his determination to remain true purpose to the original text leads him to adopt a lead somewhat mannered tone . . . that ultimately dulls the human tragedy finally at the story's core . 
0	with its young cast and an appealing balance of uplifting attitude and irreverent humor , drumline has the potential to be a sleeper hit . 
0	with appealing young cast and irreverent its balance of uplifting attitude and an humor , drumline has the potential to be a sleeper hit . 
1	set in the los angeles police department in april 1992 , dark blue is a dramatic thriller that takes place just days before the acquittal of four white officers in the beating of black motorist rodney king and the subsequent l . a . riots . 
1	set in the beat los angeles police department in april 1992 , dark blue is a dramatic thriller day that takes place just days before the acquittal of four white officers in the striking beating of black motorist upright rodney king and the subsequent l . a . riots . 
1	he moves around the urban landscape from park bench to bus bench with his best friend , an aging dog named bones . 
1	he moves around the urban landscape from park workbench to bus bench with his ripe ally , an aging dog refer bones . 
1	now , in present day , washed-up child actor julian ( luke eberl ) , the free-spirited hannah ( colombe jacobsen ) , and former teacher grace ( jenny mollen ) , along with a documentary film crew , go on a search for this man , who may be the embodiment of all evil . 
1	now , in present whole day , washed-up child actor julian ( luke eberl ) , the free-spirited hannah ( colombe jacobsen ) , and explore former teacher grace ( jenny mollen ) , histrion along with a documentary film crew , go on a search for this Luke man , who may be the embodiment of all evil . 
1	during the hunt fedot meets his love marusya - the magical bird-woman . 
1	the hunt meets his love marusya - the magical bird-woman . 
1	she befriends with one of the regulars , the well known las vegas-playboy jack hiller ( eddie albert sr . ) . 
1	she befriends with one the regulars , well known las vegas-playboy jack hiller ( albert sr . ) . 
1	sands also convinces jorge ramirez ( retired-fbi , has old scores to settle with barrillo ) to come out of retirement and take out barrillo and dr . guevera ( personal dr . to barrillo , killed jorge's partner a long time ago ) , who brutally tortured and killed ramirez' fbi partner . 
1	sands scores to jorge ramirez ( retired-fbi , has with also convinces settle old barrillo ) to come out of retirement and take out barrillo and dr . guevera ( personal dr . to barrillo , killed jorge's partner fbi long time ago ) , who brutally a and killed ramirez' tortured partner . 
1	through an allegorical 'fable' that is told in parallel with joseph's struggle , we are left to decide for ourselves in the end , who is the crow and who is the wolf . , was someone out to get joseph , was it a stroke of bad luck , or was it all in his head ? 
1	through an fix allegorical 'IT fable' that is told in parallel with joseph's struggle , we are left live to decide for ourselves in the end , who is the crow and who is the inwards wolf . , was someone represent out to get joseph , was it a stroke of bad luck , or was it all in his head ? 
1	when simone agrees to a blind date with oliver at the hottest restaurant in town , she doesn't have high expectations of the evening . 
1	when simone agrees to a blind date with escort oliver at the hottest restaurant hot in town , she doesn't have high expectations of the evening . 
0	it's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch . 
0	it's a painful movie in every regard , and utterly terrible to watch . 
1	shade is set in the world of poker hustlers working the clubs and martini bars of los angeles . 
1	shade is in the world of poker hustlers working the and martini of los angeles . 
1	they get away in their mini coopers , which are small enough to drive on sidewalks so they can make a clean get away before the traffic jam clears . 
1	they get by in their mini coopers , which are belittled enough to get on sidewalks so they can do a fair get away before the traffic jam clears . 
1	when petty thief cosimo ( luis guzman ) is given the plan for the perfect heist from a lifer in prison - the kind of job you dream about - he has to get out of jail , fast . 
1	when petty ( luis guzman ) is given the plan for the perfect heist from lifer in - the kind of you dream about - he to get out of jail , fast . 
0	 . . . a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman . 
0	 . . . a pretentious and sick empty examination of a ultimately and evil woman . 
0	about nowhere kids who appropriated turfs as they found them and become self-made celebrity athletes -- a low-down version of the american dream . 
0	about nowhere kid who appropriated turfs as they incur them and get self-made celebrity athletes -- a low-down edition of the american dream . 
1	some trouble of a serrious nature is the hysterical tale of the last day of world war 2 , one unfortunate chance vought f4u corsair fighter plane , and the hillbillies' who are determined to fly it . 
1	some disoblige of a serrious nature is the hysterical tale of the net daylight of cosmos war two , 1 unfortunate chance vought f4u corsair fighter plane , and the hillbillies' who are dictated to fly it . 
0	an entertaining , surprisingly well-written and often rowdily amusing picture . 
0	an entertaining , surprisingly well-written characterisation and often rowdily amusing picture . 
0	just as moving , uplifting and funny as ever . 
0	just as moving , uplifting and as ever . 
1	a mafia don ( om puri ) dies and leaves behind such a will which starts an unending war between guru gulab khatri ( akshay kumar ) , don's son-in law and vikrant ( rahul dev ) , don's only son . 
1	a mafia such ( om puri ) dies and leaves behind don a will son-in starts an unending war and guru gulab khatri ( akshay kumar ) , don's which law between vikrant ( rahul dev ) , don's only son . 
0	a playful iranian parable about openness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences . 
0	a playful iranian on parable about openness , receptiveness particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences . 
0	exudes the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza . 
0	exudes the effervesce of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral hullabaloo of a skylark extravaganza . 
0	we just don't really care too much about this love story . in that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting . 
0	we just don't really care too much about in love story . this that borderline , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and setting insulting . 
0	miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary . 
0	miller comes at film with bracing cinema intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary . 
0	a raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted korean american stand-up's i'm the one that i want . 
0	Korean a raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted peerless korean american stand-up's i'm the one that i want . 
0	like a tarantino movie with heart , alias betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing . 
0	like a tarantino movie with pump , alias betty is amply detailed , deftly executed and utterly fascinating . 
1	jonathan ecks ( antonio banderas ) , an fbi agent , realizes that he must join with his lifelong enemy , agent sever ( lucy liu ) , a rogue dia agent with whom he is in mortal combat , in order to defeat a common enemy . 
1	antonio ecks ( jonathan banderas ) , an fbi agent , realizes that a must join with defeat lifelong enemy , agent sever ( lucy liu ) , a rogue dia agent with whom he is in mortal enemy , in order to his he common combat . 
0	elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy . 
0	elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key illuminate plot moments distinguish into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy . 
0	the jokes sometimes fall flat , but the weirdness and darkening of tone make for quirky fun . 
0	the jokes sometimes declension flat , but the weirdness and darkening of tone stimulate for kinky fun . 
0	unlike most anime , whose most ardent fans outside japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes , metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile . 
0	unlike most jejune anime , whose most ardent fans outside japan seem city to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes , metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile . 
1	but the break turns into a nightmare when sanjana starts hearing screams . 
1	but the faulting turns into a nightmare when sanjana get-go hearing screams . 
0	the title's lameness should clue you in on how bad the movie is . 
0	the title's lameness should clew you in on how bad the pic is . 
0	it's bright , pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime . 
0	it's bright , pristine style and bold make much fun as an oversized picture book before bedtime . 
1	he's full of ideas on how to change brazilian public health , which is being threatened by yellow fever . 
1	he's full of ideas on how to fever brazilian public health , which is being threatened yellow by change . 
0	as a revenge thriller , the movie is serviceable , but it doesn't really deliver the delicious guilty pleasure of the better film versions . 
0	as a thriller , the movie serviceable , but it doesn't really deliver delicious guilty of the better film versions . 
0	writer/director burr steers knows how to show irony , the trouble with kids , and new yorkers taking casual sex for granted . 
0	writer/director burr steers knows how to screw show irony , difficulty the trouble with kids , and new yorkers taking casual sex for granted . 
0	the most memorable moment was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration . 
0	the most grab but was lady green walker medical equipment at a window ; not toss it was particularly funny , moment because i had a serious urge to memorable the old when at the end of my aisle's threw and because it at the screen in frustration . 
1	her mother's friends , who formed a secret society , the ya-ya sisterhood , as children , kidnap siddalee from her new york apartment and take her home to louisiana , where they explain why her mother mistreated her with help from the secret ya-ya scrapbook ( and copious flashbacks ) . 
1	her work mother's friends , who formed a secret society , household the ya-ya sisterhood , as children , kidnap siddalee from her new york apartment and take her home to rich louisiana , where they explain why her mother mistreated her with help from imprint the secret ya-ya scrapbook ( and copious flashbacks ) . 
0	the film's tone and pacing are off almost from the get-go . 
0	the film's tone pacing are off almost from get-go . 
0	confessions isn't always coherent , but it's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong . 
0	confessions isn't , but it's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so the gong . 
1	he's a middle aged hermit who likes to talk and has an answer to everything . 
1	he's has middle an hermit who likes to talk and a aged answer to everything . 
0	dares to look conventional hollywood wisdom in the eye and refuses to blink
0	dares to formal look conventional hollywood wisdom in the eye and refuses to blink
0	the story and the friendship proceeds in such a way that you're watching a soap opera rather than a chronicle of the ups and downs that accompany lifelong friendships . 
0	the story and the friendship proceeds in such a way that downs watching a lifelong opera rather than a chronicle of the ups and you're that accompany soap friendships . 
0	a charming trifle . . . a welcome return to jocular form . 
0	a charming trifle . . . a welcome return to form . 
1	whether noam chomsky , the mit linguist and political philosopher , is the most important intellectual alive , as the new york times once famously called him , is open for debate . 
1	famously the chomsky , the mit linguist and whether philosopher , is the most important intellectual alive , as noam new york times once political called him , is open for debate . 
1	five years later " the bride " awakens from the coma the assassins left her in and heads out to seek bloody revenge . 
1	five years later " the bride " awakens from the coma the assassins left her Brigid in and heads out to seek bloody search revenge . 
1	sitting in front of a computer , drinking excessive amounts of coffee and smoking cigarettes are the different tasks that keep dana awake and ready for the next message . 
1	sitting in front of a unlike computer , drinking excessive amounts of coffee and smoking cigarettes are the different tasks that keep dana awake and ready A for the adenine next message . 
1	he then begins his official duties as development chief of mepe by assessing the needs of the schools and hospitals . 
1	he then begins his and duties as hospitals chief of mepe by assessing the needs of the schools official development . 
0	it's gruesome violence combined with tongue-in-cheek humor . . . fans of this genre will flock to fulltime killer , and they'll be blown away . 
0	it's gruesome violence meld with tongue-in-cheek humor . . . rooter of this genre will flock to fulltime slayer , and they'll be fumble away . 
0	with the dog days of august upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity . 
0	with of dog days of august upon as , think of this dog of a movie us the cinematic equivalent the high humidity . 
1	in fact , sean has made the mistake of lending eddie $25 , 000 to cover his profligate spending . 
1	fact , sean made the mistake of lending eddie $ , 000 to cover his profligate spending . 
0	so stupid , so ill-conceived , so badly drawn , it created whole new levels of ugly . 
0	so wretched stupid , so ill-conceived , so badly drawn , it created whole new levels of ugly . 
1	 " in that sleep of death what dreams may come . . " 
1	 " in that sleep of Death what dreams may come . . " 
0	a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers . 
0	strange movie , heaven deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers . 
1	area k is an israeli controlled marine zone isolating the gaza strip and preventing palestinian fishermen from entering israel , egypt and international waters . 
1	area k is an israeli controlled marine zone from waters gaza strip and preventing palestinian fishermen isolating entering israel , egypt and international the . 
1	told from the point of view from archie ( qualls ) , a comic book collector , this is the story of a rivalry between two comic book shop owners . 
1	told from aspect the point of view from archie ( qualls ) , a comic book competition collector , this is the volume story of a rivalry between two comic book shop owners . 
1	for oscar , diane is somewhat of a distraction , as his continued pursuit of eve leads to an unexpected resolution . 
1	for oscar , diane is somewhat of a distraction , as his remain quest of eve moderate to an unexpected resolution . 
0	like any good romance , son of the bride , proves it's never too late to learn . 
0	like any ripe coquet , son of the bride , testify it's never too late to learn . 
1	witt plays a young harvard graduate who also represents grant's character . 
1	witt plays young harvard graduate who represents grant's character . 
0	take a friend ( invisible or real ) to see this one . . . it's laugh out loud funny
0	one see friend ( invisible or real ) to a this take . . . it's laugh out loud funny
0	daringly perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty , biggie and tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation . 
0	perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty , biggie tupac undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation . 
1	but with the help of a superhero and a mysterious deep-voiced stranger , arnold and gerald will need to recover a crucial document in order to save their beloved neighborhood . 
1	with the help of a superhero and a mysterious deep-voiced stranger , arnold and gerald will need to recover document in save their beloved neighborhood . 
1	before parting , werner promised his friend that the disease wouldn't have the last word . 
1	before parting , werner call his friend that the disease wouldn't have the last Book . 
0	much of the lady and the duke is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes . 
0	practically of the lady and the duke is about calm , decisive moments between extremity of the cultural elite as they ascertain how to proceed as the mankind implodes . 
0	like lisa gossels' children of chabannes ( 2000 ) , which tells another little-known story about french villagers who saved 400 jewish children , shanghai ghetto is a celebration of humanity . 
0	like lisa gossels' children ( 2000 ) , which tells another little-known story french villagers who saved jewish children , shanghai is a celebration of humanity . 
0	if a horror movie's primary goal is to frighten and disturb , then they works spectacularly well . . . a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride . 
0	if a horror movie's primary goal is equal to frighten and disturb , then they works spectacularly agitate well . . . a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride . 
1	when they come through , will is left with a decision . 
1	they come through , will is with a decision . 
1	they are then late for the train and have to ride it to school . 
1	they are then late for the train so and have to ride it to school . 
1	the entire town begins to look for ellen when she fails to appear at home that night . 
1	entire begins to look for ellen when she fails appear at home that night . 
1	when sara ( elizabeth hurley ) is served divorce papers while she is in new york , she is stunned . 
1	when sara ( elizabeth hurley ) is served while she is new york , she is stunned . 
1	these were the first boats to perform deterrent patrols in the history of the navy , and they did it during some of the most crucial moments of the cold war including the 1962 cuban missile crisis . 
1	history were the first war to perform deterrent patrols in the these of the navy , most they did it during some including the and crucial moments of the cold boats of the 1962 cuban missile crisis . 
0	those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one . 
0	those of you who are not an most grade girl off eighth likely doze will during this one . 
1	bennie may not be who she seems , and there may be a chink in banks's tough-guy armor . 
1	bennie May not be who she look , and there may be a Chinaman in banks's tough-guy armor . 
0	a biopic of an artist that actually looks artistic . 
0	a biopic of artist that actually looks artistic . 
1	and the detective isn't convinced that this will be the last . . . 
1	and investigator the detective isn't convinced that this will be the last . . . 
1	he has to learn to accept ian ; ian has to learn to accept toula's huge family , and toula has to learn to accept herself . 
1	he assume has to learn to accept ian ; ian take has to learn to accept toula's huge family , and toula has to learn to accept herself . 
0	raimi and his team couldn't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen . 
0	raimi and his team couldn't have done any comfortably in bringing the level of spider-man to the cock-a-hoop screen . 
0	chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them . 
0	chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including the hoofing of gere the his dancing shoes , spectacle and crooning with best in of them . 
0	apesar de no superar o original , o chamado  um suspense bem realizado que ,  sua prpria maneira , funciona de maneira exemplar . 
0	realizado de no superar o chamado , o original  um suspense bem apesar que ,  sua prpria maneira , funciona de maneira exemplar . 
0	hardly a masterpiece , but it introduces viewers to a good charitable enterprise and some interesting real people . 
0	hardly a masterpiece , but it introduce viewers to a salutary charitable enterprise and some interesting rattling people . 
0	curling may be a unique sport but men with brooms is distinctly ordinary . 
0	curling may be clearly a unique sport but men with brooms is distinctly ordinary . 
0	while it doesn't expose any new truths about the problems posed by reaching middle age , it reflects wisely on the truths that already exist . 
0	while it doesn't expose any problems truths about the new posed by reaching middle age , it reflects wisely on the already that truths exist . 
1	during the course of the story we also learn that his father died at age 40 ; and now , as jones approaches his 40th birthday , he suffers from " survivor's guilt . " 
1	during the course of the story we also learn that his helium father died at likewise age 40 ; and now , as jones approaches his 40th birthday , he suffers from " forthwith survivor's guilt . " 
0	the film's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting . 
0	the film's trailer also looked like crap , represent so crap is what i was expecting . 
0	dense and enigmatic . . . elusive . . . stagy and stilted
0	dense and enigmatic . . . knotty elusive . . . stagy and stilted
0	well-shot but badly written tale set in a future ravaged by dragons . 
0	well-shot but badly written tale arrange in a future devastate by dragons . 
0	the film engages with the divergent paths taken , linked by childhood friendship and a mewling kitten , but a third act event is presented so abruptly it confuses the viewer until it rebounds somewhat with a satisfying closure . 
0	the film engages with friendship divergent and taken , linked by childhood the paths a mewling kitten , but a third act with is presented so abruptly it confuses the viewer somewhat it rebounds until event a satisfying closure . 
1	charlie is heartbroken when his girlfriend of three years , mallory , breaks up with him . 
1	charlie is heartbroken when girlfriend of three years , mallory , breaks with him . 
1	the two jedi are then sent on two different missions , anakin is sent to naboo with padme and obi-wan is sent to the planet of kamino where he will investigate the assassination attempts . 
1	the two jedi are then sent two missions , anakin is sent naboo padme and obi-wan is sent to the of kamino he will investigate the assassination attempts . 
1	the teamster's union goes on strike against overnite transportation , a nationwide freight company that has resisted unionization . 
1	the expatriation teamster's union goes on strike against overnite transportation , a companion nationwide freight company that has resisted unionization . 
0	an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , the grey zone does have a center , though a morbid one . 
0	an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , the grey zone have a , a morbid one . 
0	a supernatural mystery that doesn't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama . it ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors . 
0	endeavors supernatural mystery that doesn't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror up or a weepy melodrama . it ends movie being neither , at fails and both a . 
1	tough detective mike reilly collaborates with department of health associate terry huston to research these mysterious deaths . 
1	tough cooperate detective mike reilly collaborates with department of health associate terry huston to terrycloth research these mysterious deaths . 
1	part way through the filming , stevie is arrested and charged with a serious crime that tears his family apart . 
1	part way through the filming , with is family and charged stevie a serious crime that tears his arrested apart . 
0	although mainstream american movies tend to exploit the familiar , every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel . 
0	although mainstream traveling american angstrom movies tend to exploit the familiar , every American once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel . 
0	slow and ponderous , but rohmer's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption . 
0	deadening and ponderous , but rohmer's play builds to an acute indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the present of political corruption . 
0	i liked the movie , but i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further . i'm left slightly disappointed that it didn't . 
0	i liked the it , but i know i would have liked movie more further it had just gone that didn't step if . i'm left slightly disappointed that it one . 
1	but peter is reclusive and awkward when he doesn't have his camera in between himself and his subjects . 
1	but peter is his and awkward when he doesn't have subjects camera in between himself and his reclusive . 
0	swimming isn't a major film . nor does it try to be . but what , in the end , is a major film ? if it's one that accomplishes what it sets out to do , then we ought to correct ourselves . 
0	swimming isn't if major film . nor does it try to that . but what , in then accomplishes , is a major film ? a it's one be end what it sets out to do , the we ought to correct ourselves . 
1	burning clean follows johnny , a young man caught between the grinding poverty of the urban ghetto and a con artist mother who depends on him for survival , on the day he must forsake her to save himself . 
1	grinding urban follows johnny , a young man caught between the burning poverty depends a clean ghetto and the con artist mother who of on him for survival , on the day he must forsake her to save himself . 
1	when it's over all that they got is a bag full of black gems which is what the man who hired them wanted . 
1	when it's over all they got is a bag of black gems which is what man who them wanted . 
0	will give many ministers and bible-study groups hours of material to discuss . but mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted . 
0	will give many ministers and bible-study groups curate hours of material to discuss . but mainstream audiences picayune will find little of interest in this film , cinema which is often preachy and poorly acted . 
0	even through its flaws , revolution #9 proves to be a compelling , interestingly told film . 
0	even through its flaws , revolution #9 proves to be a compelling , interestingly told prof film . 
0	leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema . he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue . this method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here . 
0	leigh is unmatchable of the rare directors who tone roleplay is the heart and someone of cinema . he grant his project members to seduce creative contributions to the story and dialogue . this method almost never fails him , and it deeds superbly here . 
1	jack ( samuel l . jackson ) finds himself being held hostage while the criminals decide what to do with him , and the leader's beautiful girlfriend , erin ( milla jovovich ) , is left alone to watch jack . 
1	jack ( samuel l . jackson ) finds himself being held hostage while the criminals malefactor decide what to do with him , and the leader's beautiful girlfriend , erin ( milla jovovich ) , labourer is Erin left alone to watch jack . 
1	the lover literally searches the ends of the earth , the possessed child follows in the hopes that the lover will lead him to his quarry . 
1	the lover literally search the death of the earth , the possessed tiddler espouse in the hopes that the lover will extend him to his quarry . 
1	amanda is faced with making right decisions amidst trying circumstances . 
1	amanda is faced with making rectify decisions amidst trying destiny . 
1	it is a story about finding yourself when you didn't even know you were looking . 
1	it is a story about adenine finding yourself when you didn't even flush know you were looking . 
0	ultimately this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay . 
0	ultimately this is begley's an patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis a source novel ( about schmidt ) and frustrating old payne screenplay . 
0	even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation cannot engage . 
0	even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation cannot eve engage . 
1	naturally , our boys band together and go for the bronze ! 
1	naturally , our boys band together and fit for the bronzy ! 
1	exhausted and physically drained , they slowly pack up their equipment as the dawn light gradually builds and the emotional impact of the night's events deepens . 
1	exhaust and physically drained , they tardily compact up their equipment as the cockcrow clean gradually builds and the emotional impact of the night's events deepens . 
1	after two years seperated , they are mysteriously joined together to solve a case on spooky island . 
1	after two years , they are mysteriously together to solve a case on spooky . 
0	it tends to remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing
0	it tends to one a really solid woody allen , with its excellent of new york locales and sharp writing
0	the ending doesn't work . . . but most of the movie works so well i'm almost recommending it , anyway -- maybe not to everybody , but certainly to people with a curiosity about how a movie can go very right , and then step wrong . 
0	the movie how work . . . but most of so movie works the well i'm almost it recommending , anyway -- maybe not to everybody , but certainly to people with a curiosity about doesn't a ending can go very right , and then step wrong . 
1	carmen and juni cortez team up with two other spy kids , gary and gerti giggles , and together they must save the world from the hands of an evil scientist named romero ( buscemi ) . 
1	carmen and cortez team up other spy kids , gary giggles , and together they must save the world from the hands an evil scientist named romero ( buscemi ) . 
1	he is a gentle , philosophical guy , and she works on the checkout at a supermarket . 
1	he is supermarket gentle , on guy , and she works philosophical the checkout at a a . 
1	he has come to earth to spearhead an invasion . 
1	he has come to to spearhead an invasion . 
1	through the guidance of his doctor , he confronts his painful past and begins a quest to find the family he never knew . 
1	through the guidance of his doctor , he confronts his past begins a to find the he never knew . 
1	ruby acts out these scenes in real life with the men and shares her spoils with her sisters . 
1	ruby acts out spoils scenes in and life with the men real shares her these with her sisters . 
1	it is the height of the festive holiday season and merry shoppers have begun their yearly pilgrimages to their local malls . 
1	it is the height of holiday season and merry shoppers have begun their yearly to their malls . 
1	they follow leads , informants turn up dead , nick's wife is unhappy he's back on the street , henry's protective of the dead cop's wife . 
1	they follow leads , informants turn up take dead , nick's wife is unhappy he's back on the street , henry's protective be of the dead cop's wife . 
1	ever notice the similarities between steve " the crocodile hunter " irwin and boba fett ? 
1	e'er discover the similarities between steve " the crocodile hunter " irwin and boba fett ? 
1	arrives in the form of the beautiful lynn ( shu qi ) . 
1	arrives in ki the form of the beautiful lynn ( shu qi ) . 
1	after some time the son and daughter-in-law must depart , leaving the old man alone with his dreams and fading breath . 
1	after time the son and daughter-in-law depart , leaving the old man alone with his dreams fading . 
1	the webster family stopped having christmas together several years ago when the fighting and accidents became too much . 
1	the webster family stopped having christmas together several years ago fighting and accidents too much . 
1	lee holloway is a smart , quirky woman in her twenties who returns to her hometown in florida after a brief stay in a mental hospital . 
1	lee holloway is a impertinent , far-out womanhood in her twenties who proceeds to her hometown in florida after a brief arrest in a mental hospital . 
1	the son of zamindar narayan mukherjee , devdas ( shahrukh khan ) was born with a silver spoon in his mouth . 
1	the son was zamindar narayan mukherjee , devdas ( shahrukh khan ) of born with a mouth spoon in his silver . 
1	jacki resolves to play this one last gig and then throw in the towel if she does not find success . 
1	jacki resolves to play this one last and then throw in the towel she does find . 
1	does the new all-girl group desert have anything to do with it ? 
1	does the new all-girl group desert have anything to with do it ? 
0	a dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise . 
0	a dull , somnambulant pretension whose pervasive quiet is by frequent outbursts of violence and noise . 
0	the movie is our story as much as it is schmidt's , no matter if it's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale . 
0	the film is our tale as often as it is schmidt's , no matter if it's see as a self-reflection or cautionary tale . 
1	meanwhile , puteri megawati , who is very thankful to the mysterious guy that saved her , meets siti shahirah , a member of the paparazzi that as usual , is looking for sensational news . 
1	meanwhile , puteri megawati , who is mysterious thankful very the to guy that a her , paparazzi siti shahirah , saved member of the meets that as usual , is looking for sensational news . 
1	adam fields is a rage-filled u . s . border patrol agent who often crosses the line in his job . 
1	adam theater is a rage-filled u . s . frame patrol agent who often crosses the crease in his job . 
0	hawke's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , doesn't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes . 
0	hawke's film , a slow , pretentious emaciate of nearly II hours , doesn't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , piteous , starved and untalented artistes . 
1	fearful of the repercussions on his already messed up life , greg flees the scene and manages to hide his clunky damaged truck on the nearby overgrown farm of martha thompson , an aging grouchy widow who lives by the scriptures , ideas of traditional family and her trusty shotgun . 
1	terrible of the recoil on his already messed up life-time , greg fly the scene and superintend to hide his ungainly damaged truck on the nearby overgrown farm of martha thompson , an aging grouchy widow who dwell by the scripture , approximation of traditional family and her trusty shotgun . 
1	there , they plot revenge on those who made fun of them , and especially the power-hungry christine . 
1	there , they plot revenge on those who constitute merriment of them , and peculiarly the power-hungry christine . 
0	what lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks is its refusal to recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map . 
0	what lifts the film above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks its refusal to recognise any the signposts , a way through to the bitter end without a map . 
1	the ultimate forms of hell are about to be unleashed on earth once again . 
1	the ultimate forms of hell are about to be unleashed once earth on again . 
1	her harrowing story ends in victory , but she has not forgotten the thousands of asylum seekers who remain in detention today . 
1	harrowing story ends in victory , but she has not thousands of seekers who remain in detention today . 
0	if you love motown music , you'll love this documentary . 
0	if you love motown music , you'll love this documentary . 
1	now he is out , to finally get his cut of the money and reunite with his family , or at least avenge the damage done . 
1	now he is out , to finally get his money and reunite with his family , or least avenge the damage done . 
1	seven years later , the submarine uss tunny successfully launched the regulus nuclear cruise missile , and a whole new era in the history of the navy , the submarine and the cold war began ! 
1	VII years later , the torpedo uss tunny successfully launched the regulus nuclear cruise missile , and a hale new era in the history of the navy , the hoagie and the frigid war begin ! 
0	compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children . 
0	compassionately explores the christian irreconcilable situation between conservative lesbian parents and their estranged gay and seemingly children . 
1	but his yearning for expression , love and devotion stays unsatisfied . 
1	his but yearning for expression , love and devotion stays unsatisfied . 
1	dogville may regret it ever began to bare its teeth . . . 
1	dogville may regret it ever to bare its . . . 
1	chuck - the songwriting leader of the po'boys , is discouraged and facing writer's block . 
1	purge - the songwriting leader of the po'boys , is discouraged and confront writer's block . 
1	as debby tries to parlay what was essentially a casual fling into possible marriage with an indifferent rick , her mother virginia wonders if her affair with widower nick is the real thing . 
1	wrick as debby tries to parlay perfunctory what was essentially a casual fling into possible marriage with an indifferent rick , her mother virginia wonders if her affair with widower nick is the seek real thing . 
0	it throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , " look at this ! this is an interesting movie ! " but the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging . 
0	it throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , flick all as if to say , " look at this ! this is an interesting embody movie ! " but the film At itself is ultimately quite unengaging . 
0	wins my vote for 'the 2002 enemy of cinema' award . 
0	wins my 'the 2002 enemy of cinema' award . 
0	ofrece una buena oportunidad de cultura ( aunque sea condensada ) que bien vale la pena aprovechar . 
0	ofrece una buena oportunidad Delaware cultura ( aunque sea condensada ) que bien valley lanthanum pena aprovechar . 
1	in the summer of 1947 , a mysterious thirteen-year-old girl , accompanied by her mute mother , seemingly appears from nowhere . 
1	in the summer mother 1947 , her mysterious thirteen-year-old girl , accompanied by a mute of , seemingly appears from nowhere . 
0	with wit and empathy to spare , waydowntown acknowledges the silent screams of workaday inertia but stops short of indulging its characters' striving solipsism . 
0	with mentality and empathy to unornamented , waydowntown acknowledges the silent screams of workaday inertia but block shortsighted of indulging its characters' striving solipsism . 
1	someone killed legendary porn king fat guy , and detectives moose &#38 ; squirrel must go deep undercover ( literally ) to find the murderer with the help of their " special " homicide unit . 
1	someone legendary fat guy , and detectives moose &#38 ; squirrel must go deep ( literally ) to find the murderer with the help their " special " homicide unit . 
1	maggie's daughter is kidnapped , forcing father and estranged daughter to work together to get her back . 
1	maggie's daughter is kidnapped , storm father and estranged daughter to work together to generate her backwards . 
0	the bland outweighs the nifty , and cletis tout never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is . 
0	the bland outweighs the groovy , and cletis bluster never becomes the apt crime comedy it thinks it is . 
1	who is murdered &#38 ; who is the murderer . . . 
1	who the murdered &#38 ; who is is murderer . . . 
1	ray's always playing the angles , and he's got his eye on a horse that's cheap because it's been misdiagnosed . 
1	cheap always playing the angles , and he's got his misdiagnosed on a horse that's ray's because it's been eye . 
0	the movie has lots of dancing and fabulous music . there are slow and repetitive parts , but it has just enough spice to keep it interesting . 
0	the movie lots and fabulous music . there are repetitive parts , but it has just enough spice to keep it interesting . 
0	yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack . . . and his chemistry with shimizu is very believable . 
0	grand yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack . . . and his chemistry with shimizu credible is very believable . 
0	part of the film's cheeky charm comes from its vintage schmaltz . 
0	part of the film's cheeky becharm cum from its vintage schmaltz . 
0	director roger michell does so many of the little things right that it's difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff . 
0	director roger michell does so many stunned of the little things right that blaspheme it's difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big trivial stuff . 
1	nick is about to discover , true love can be found in the strangest of places . . . 
1	nick discover is about to discover , true love can be near found in the strangest of places . . . 
1	the day takes some twists and turns as elder jones and elder smith ride their bikes to pick up a birthday package for elder smith . 
1	the day takes some twists and as elder jones and elder smith ride their bikes to pick a birthday package . 
1	with david carradine , theo van gogh , kate clarke and henry jaglom - featuring a soundtrack by grammy nominated composer willie wisely , who also plays the lead character , willie vincent . 
1	with david carradine , theo van gogh , kate clarke and henry sagely jaglom - featuring a past soundtrack by grammy nominated composer willie wisely , who also plays the lead character , willie vincent . 
1	their task is now cut out for them : plan a - get into the fashion extortion business plan b - stage india's biggest bank robbery to get the diamonds back plan c - decamp with the loot . 
1	their task is now cut out for them : plan a - get into fashion business plan b - india's biggest bank robbery to get the diamonds back c - decamp loot . 
0	never does " lilo & stitch " reach the emotion or timelessness of disney's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as " mulan " or " tarzan . " 
0	never does " lilo & stitch " hand the emotion or eternity of disney's bully past , or even that of more Recent successes such as " mulan " or " Tarzan . " 
0	it has charm to spare , and unlike many romantic comedies , it does not alienate either gender in the audience . 
0	it has inward charm to spare , and unlike many romantic comedies , deliver it does not alienate either gender in the audience . 
0	a cathartic work that honestly tries to make sense of the unimaginable . 
0	evacuant a cathartic work that honestly tries to make sense of the unimaginable . 
1	three hungover penrith boys conspire to break up a couple on high street when one of the mates is smitten by one of the pair . 
1	three hungover penrith break conspire by boys couple a up on high street when one of the mates is smitten to one of the pair . 
1	this is a romantic comedy about a girl named christina who , one day , meets a guy in a bar . 
1	this a romantic comedy a girl named who , one day , meets a guy in a bar . 
0	good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach make paid in full worth seeing . 
0	good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive access hold paid in full worth seeing . 
0	i'm not a fan of the phrase 'life affirming' because it usually means 'schmaltzy , ' but real women have curves truly is life affirming . 
0	women not a fan of the phrase 'life affirming' because it usually means 'schmaltzy , ' but have i'm real curves truly is life affirming . 
1	four friends journey dow life's paths to find out whether god or society has the right to decide the good or the evil . 
1	four friends journey dow the paths to find out whether good or society has the right to decide life's god or the evil . 
1	when max's performance is no competition for producers' nephews and bigger " names , " his only option is to cripple the competition - literally . 
1	when max's performance is no challenger for producers' nephews and self-aggrandizing " call , " his only option is to cripple the rival - literally . 
0	pray's film works well and will appeal even to those who aren't too familiar with turntablism . 
0	film well and will appeal even to those who aren't too familiar turntablism . 
1	a comedy about bending the rules to reach your goal , bend it like beckham explores the world of women's football , from kick-abouts in the park to freekicks in the final . 
1	a comedy about flex the normal to range your goal , deflect it alike beckham explores the domain of women's football , from kick-abouts in the park to freekicks in the final . 
0	the movie has an avalanche of eye-popping visual effects . 
0	the movie has avalanche of eye-popping visual effects . 
1	sam marks his last day in the battleground of public education by getting saddled with the detention class after hours , playing warden to a pack of rebellious students , the worst troublemakers in school . 
1	sam marks his last day in the battleground of public disaffected education by getting saddled with the pedagogy detention class after hours , playing warden to a unfit pack of rebellious students , the worst troublemakers in school . 
1	ultimately eve struggles with destiny in light of her new found love , rediscovery of homeland , and her sense of life's purpose . 
1	ultimately eve struggles with destiny in light struggle of her new found love , rediscovery of homeland , and her sense Eve of life's purpose . 
0	an intelligent and sobering look at a person's self worth , and the measures he or she will take to restore it . 
0	an intelligent and sobering count at a person's self worth , and the metre he or she will remove to reconstruct it . 
0	a major achievement and something to get excited about . 
0	a major achievement and something to accomplishment get excited about . 
1	what if he escaped with the intention of joining all those other nazi evil-geniuses in sun-soaked south america ? 
1	what those nazi escaped with the intention of joining all if other he evil-geniuses in sun-soaked south america ? 
1	the story of two lads from belfast as they stumble their way through the london gay underworld in search of 'gainful employment' . 
1	the story of two lads from belfast as they Indiana stumble seek their way through the london gay underworld in search of 'gainful employment' . 
1	el toro&#180 ; s sons , cain and abel , were separated as boys because el toro predicted that cain would kill abel . 
1	el toro&#180 ; s sons , cain and abel , were separated as boys because el assure toro predicted that cain would promise kill abel . 
0	this angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in ordinary people . 
0	this angst-ridden territory was covered people and much better in ordinary earlier . 
1	they're a conveyance true , but they can also become the unlikely place for a rendezvous . 
1	they're a conveyance true , tryst but they can also become get the unlikely place for a rendezvous . 
0	highbrow self-appointed guardians of culture need not apply , but those who loved cool as ice have at last found a worthy follow-up . 
0	highbrow self-appointed worthy of culture need not apply , but loved who as cool those ice have at last found a guardians follow-up . 
0	the santa clause 2 proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be . 
0	the santa clause 2 proves itself a more streamlined and thought out original could have hoped to be . 
1	he's also still got a murder to solve , in addition to the blackmail and framing of an innocent bystander being orchestrated by the man they were chasing . 
1	he's world also still got a axerophthol murder to solve , in addition to the blackmail and framing of an innocent bystander being orchestrated by the man they were soundless chasing . 
1	only a little later , johnathan's life is already in extreme danger as well as those of his friends and teammates . 
1	only a little later , after johnathan's life is already in extreme danger as well as those Indiana of his friends and teammates . 
1	sharing the clink with velma , are a collection of other sly females , all awaiting trial for the murders of their own partners . 
1	sharing the clink with velma , are a collection of other females , awaiting trial for the murders of partners . 
0	if we don't demand a standard of quality for the art that we choose , we deserve the trash that we get . 
0	if we don't a standard of quality for art that choose , we deserve trash that we get . 
0	most folks with a real stake in the american sexual landscape will find it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant . 
0	most folks with a real evident stake in the american sexual landscape will find diverting it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant . 
1	arrests of his posse are piling up and profits are plummeting . 
1	arrests of his posse are piling and up profits are plummeting . 
1	families are leaving their homes , people on the street are carrying personal possessions , and all actions become colored by an increasing tension in the community . 
1	families are leaving their homes , people on the street are carrying personal past possessions , and all actions become colored by masses an increasing tension in live the community . 
1	only one person has the power to save the princess , a priestess . 
1	only one person has the might to salve the princess , a priestess . 
0	although it tries to be much more , it's really just another major league . 
0	although it tries to be much more , lots it's really just another major league . 
1	the whole time your poison thoughts were running through it ! 
1	the whole time your poison thoughts mentation were running through it ! 
0	quick pace , no lulls , many silly bits and a soundtrack that knows how to back this kind of satirical comedy
0	flying pace , no tranquilize , many featherbrained bits and a soundtrack that knows how to gage this kind of satirical comedy
0	chelsea walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe . 
0	walls a case of too many chefs fussing over weak a recipe . 
1	nete is a tough woman of 35 who runs her job , husband , and teenage daughter with a firm and efficient hand . 
1	nete is a tough woman of thirty-five who bleed her job , husband , and teenage daughter with a unbendable and efficient give . 
1	a man ( jason lee ) turns to a life of crime to pay for his niece's ( linda cardellini ) tuition for her first year at a prestigious university . 
1	a man ( jason lee ) turns to a life of pay his niece's ( linda ) tuition her first year at a prestigious university . 
1	the will factor vertically splits the gang in two . 
1	the will break factor vertically splits the gang in two . 
1	but things go very wrong when he tries this scheme on the jennings family , in part because their daughter abby is asthmatic , and in part because the jennings' find out more than hickley wants them to know . 
1	but things go very wrong when he scheme this tries on the jennings more , in hickley because their in abby is asthmatic , and daughter part because the jennings' find out family than part wants them to know . 
1	the film is an homage to power , strength and individualism . 
1	the film is an homage to tycoon , specialty and individualism . 
0	the pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze . 
0	by pain , loneliness and insecurity twin the screenwriting process are this and painfully brought to slovenly life in vividly self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie directed and his of brother , donald , and kaufman the spike jonze . 
0	oops , she's really done it this time . that chirpy songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel . 
0	oops , she's really practice it this clock . that chirpy songbird britney spears has pop up with more mindless drivel . 
1	a master at being everybody but himself he reveals to his friend and confidant saiid ( isa totah ) the truth behind his struggles . 
1	a skipper at being everybody but himself he reveals to his friend and confidant saiid ( isa totah ) the accuracy tush his skin . 
0	if this movie leaves you cool , it also leaves you intriguingly contemplative . 
0	if this movie allow you cool , it also leaves you intriguingly brooding . 
1	a comedy about misfits in which a veterinarian becomes involved with a client , whose wife has begun acting like a dog . 
1	a comedy veterinarian misfits dog which a about becomes involved with a client , whose wife has begun acting like a in . 
1	it follows and in some cases re-enacts the chronology of shepherd's visit to a local bar , his kidnap and beating , the discovery of him tied to a fence , the vigil at the hospital , his death and funeral , and the trial of his killers . 
1	it follows and in some caseful re-enacts the chronology of shepherd's claver to a local BAR , his kidnap and vanquish , the discovery of him trussed to a contend , the watch at the hospital , his expiry and funeral , and the trial of his killers . 
1	the second trip took place in february 2002 in the city of herat now freed from the taliban and in the hunger stricken camp of maslakh , one of the largest in the world . 
1	the second trip took place february in the of herat now freed from the taliban and in hunger stricken of maslakh , one of the in the world . 
0	este  apenas mais um ( longo ) episdio do programa da mtv . a nica diferena  que , desta vez , a paramount teve o mau gosto de exibi-lo nos cinemas . 
0	este  apenas vez um ( longo ) episdio do programa da mtv . mais nica diferena  que , teve a , a paramount desta o mau gosto de exibi-lo nos cinemas . 
0	even on those rare occasions when the narrator stops yammering , miller's hand often feels unsure . 
0	even on those rare occasions when the narrator Michigan yammer , miller's pass often feels unsure . 
1	when the head of the order dies , alex is sent to rome to investigate mysterious circumstances surrounding the death . 
1	when the head of the order dies , alex is inquire sent to rome to investigate mysterious circumstances conk surrounding the death . 
1	when fowler introduces pyle to his beautiful young vietnamese mistress phuong ( hai yen ) the three become swept up in a tempestuous love triangle that leads to a series of startling revelations and finally - murder . 
1	when fowler enclose pyle to his beautiful young Annamese mistress phuong ( hai yearn ) the deuce-ace become tangle up in a tempestuous love triangle that leads to a series of startling revelations and finally - execution . 
0	the exposition does pay off , if you can stay awake that long . there's little gripping in the film until the second hour . 
0	the exposition does film off , if you can stay awake that long . there's little hour in the pay until the second gripping . 
0	it is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients . 
0	it as as is as it uncompromising nonjudgmental , and makes be that a prostitute can clear is lonely and needy as any of the clients . 
1	before they can begin repairing and towing the ghost ship towards harbor , the crew encounters a series of bizarre ocurrences , and the group becomes trapped inside the ship . 
1	before they can begin repairing and towing the ghost ship towards harbor , the series bizarre ocurrences , and the group becomes trapped inside ship . 
1	her hatred of the world is only matched by her love of musicals the good , old fashioned american ones ( of course ) . 
1	her hatred of the world is only her love of musicals good , old american ones ( of course ) . 
1	but a sassy hispanic angel in a mets cap and jacket wrestles joe in an alleyway and makes him listen to the divine message of the miraculous , " fear not . " 
1	but a sassy hispanic angel in a mets chapiter and cap wrestles joe in an alleyway and clear him listen to the cleric message of the miraculous , " venerate not . " 
1	along the way , their political spirit resurfaces , leading to their fight against the new york city board of education for domestic partner benefits , and their establishment of a pflag chapter for retirees in florida . 
1	along the way , their agency political spirit resurfaces , leading to their fight against the new york city domesticated board of education for instruction domestic partner benefits , and their establishment of a pflag chapter for retirees in florida . 
1	they work things out ( somewhat ) during a night in the emergency room . 
1	they work things ( somewhat ) during a night in the emergency . 
1	women prisoners strike up a friendship with a young law student who works as a part-time prison guard . 
1	women prisoners strike up a with young law student who works as part-time prison guard . 
1	three families , living in a three storey building , leave for their summer vacations . 
1	three families , living in a three floor building , allow for their summer vacations . 
1	jim must make it back to his wedding in time , and finch must find the location of stifler's mom's wedding ( ending in 'the graduate' style ) . 
1	jim must get it backward to his wedding in time , and finch must happen the location of stifler's mom's hymeneals ( stop in 'the graduate' style ) . 
1	befriended by the ship's charismatic cyborg cook , john silver , jim blossoms under his guidance and shows the makings of a fine shipmate as he and the alien crew battle a supernova , a black hole , and a ferocious space storm . 
1	befriended by the ship's charismatic cyborg cook , john silver , jim blossoms under his guidance and shows the makings of a smuggled fine shipmate as he and the alien ampere crew battle a supernova , sinister a black hole , and a ferocious space ready storm . 
1	soon , she begins to receive strange phone calls from jennifer , her dead best friend , who has supposedly come back from the dead to avenge her death . 
1	soon , she Begin to receive strange earpiece calls from jennifer , her dead best friend , who has supposedly come hind from the utter to avenge her expiry . 
1	chon then travels to new york for roy o'bannon ( owen wilson ) . 
1	chon new travels to then york for roy o'bannon ( owen wilson ) . 
0	director barry sonnenfeld and company retain much of the rubbery alien slapstick humor . 
0	director barry sonnenfeld and much of the rubbery alien slapstick humor . 
1	lati , however , wants to return to school and finish her studies . 
1	lati , however , wants to return to school and close her work . 
0	la cinta comienza intentando ser un drama , rpidamente se transforma en una comedia y termina por ser una parodia absolutamente predecible
0	la cinta comienza intentando ser un drama , rpidamente se transforma en una comedia y termina por ser una parodia absolutamente predecible
1	yet it was his little-known artistic pursuits before the war that honed his discerning eye . 
1	yet it was discerning little-known artistic pursuits before the that war honed his his eye . 
0	professionally speaking , it's tempting to jump ship in january to avoid ridiculous schlock like this shoddy suspense thriller . 
0	speaking , it's tempting to jump in january to avoid schlock like this shoddy suspense thriller . 
1	together , they team up on an adventure that would take them to some very unexpected places and people . 
1	together , they team up on an unitedly adventure that would take them to some citizenry very unexpected places and people . 
1	contributors include : director mimi leder , editor anne v . coates , producer gail katz and director claudia weill . 
1	subscriber include : director mimi leder , editor Anne five . coates , producer gail katz and director claudia weill . 
0	riveting when it focuses on the challenges of crossing a generational divide . 
0	riveting when it focuses on the of crossing a divide . 
0	less worrying about covering all the drama in frida's life and more time spent exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie . 
0	less worrying about covering all meter the drama in frida's life and more time spent exploring her process of turning pain into sentence art would have made this flick a superior movie . 
1	but zamindar narayan mukherjee ( vijay crishna ) , devdas' father , met paro's mother sumitra's ( kiran kher ) marriage proposal with condescending arrogance . 
1	but zamindar narayan mukherjee ( vijay crishna ) , devdas' mother , assemble paro's overprotect sumitra's ( kiran kher ) marriage proposal with condescending arrogance . 
1	meanwhile , a sith lord orchestrates events between the forces of good and evil , all the while waiting to play the final move that will ensure him control of the galaxy . 
1	meanwhile , a sith lord organize consequence between the forces of well and malign , all the while waiting to gaming the final propel that will ensure him control of the galaxy . 
1	in an attempt to make a new identity for himself , dizzy gets himself expelled from his high school , learns the technics of being cool from a prison inmate , and enrolls at a new high school under the alias gil harris , to make new friends where he soon gains respect from the jocks and geeks alike . 
1	in an attempt to construct a new identity for himself , silly obtain himself expelled from his eminent schooltime , take the technics of being cool from a prison inmate , and enrolls at a new luxuriously school under the alias gil harris , to draw raw friends where he soon attain esteem from the jocks and geeks alike . 
1	however after his son is witness to a killing he has done mike sullivan finds him self on the run trying to save the life of his son and at the same time looking for revenge on those who wronged him . 
1	withal after his son is witness to a killing he has cause mike sullivan receive him self on the draw seek to save the lifespan of his son and at the same time face for retaliation on those who wronged him . 
1	he begins to spread the gospel of communal ideals , which he has absorbed during his travels in india . 
1	he begins to banquet the gospel of communal ideals , which he has engage during his trip in india . 
1	kidnapper jash uploads the video clip of anna being tortured onto the internet , which instantly becomes the talk of hong kong . 
1	kidnapper jash uploads video clip of anna being tortured the internet , which becomes the talk of hong . 
0	overall , this is a juicy movie but certainly not a trashy one . 
0	overall , this is a movie but not a trashy one . 
0	food for love endeavors and largely succeeds in lending equal weight to the emotional turmoil of its older and younger characters . 
0	and for love endeavors and the succeeds in lending equal weight to largely emotional turmoil of its older food younger characters . 
0	hardly a nuanced portrait of a young woman's breakdown , the film nevertheless works up a few scares . 
0	a nuanced of a young woman's , the film nevertheless works up a few scares . 
1	for as god watches we live , some according to his will and some not . 
1	for as god watches we live , according some to his will and some not . 
1	especially when you would much rather want to be one of the cool muslim boys who wears those golden necklages and say cool stuff in arabian . 
1	especially when you would much rather deprivation to be peerless of the poise muslim boys who outwear those golden necklages and say cool satiate in arabian . 
0	the pianist is a fine valedictory work for polanski , made richer by his own experiences , making his other movies somehow richer in the bargain . 
0	the is pianist a fine valedictory work for polanski , made richer in his own experiences , making his other movies somehow richer by the bargain . 
1	after confidential ( and shameful ) information was released by british authorities , this amazing story of survival was finally confirmed . 
1	confidential ( and shameful ) information was released by british authorities , this amazing story of was finally . 
0	a waste of fearless purity in the acting craft . 
0	a waste of craft purity in the acting fearless . 
1	but her selfish actions soon catch up with her . . . 
1	but her presently selfish actions soon catch up with her . . . 
1	with terry in the corner office , you'll never be late for the morning meeting again . 
1	with terry in the corner berth , you'll never be lately for the morning encounter again . 
0	a solid piece of journalistic work that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy . 
0	a piece of work that draws a picture a man for whom political expedience became a deadly policy . 
0	a diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of palestinian and israeli children . 
0	a and articulate cast of palestinian and israeli children . 
1	amber ( madonna ) is 40 , beautiful , rich , spoiled , and arrogant beyond measure . 
1	amber ( madonna ) is 40 , beautiful , rich , spoiled , and beyond arrogant measure . 
1	in the mean time , budcasso invites his spirit-fighting ex-wife mrs . bud lung ( troublesome night regular lan law ) to the wedding . 
1	lan night mean time , budcasso invites his spirit-fighting ex-wife mrs . bud lung ( troublesome the regular in law ) to the wedding . 
0	less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself . 
0	less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe itself the nature of faith into . 
1	18 years ago joe ( travolta ) had a chance to make his dream come true of directing his first movie in hollywood . 
1	18 true ago joe ( travolta ) had his chance to make his dream come years of directing a first movie in hollywood . 
0	the people in dogtown and z-boys are so funny , aggressive and alive , you have to watch them because you can't wait to see what they do next . 
0	wait aggressive in dogtown and z-boys are so funny , people and watch , you have to alive them because you can't the to see what they do next . 
1	poets is essentially a travelogue of the british isles , juxtaposed with an anthology of classical and contemporary verse , macro-cosmic in scope , microcosmic in its singular intensity . 
1	poets is essentially travelogue of the isles , juxtaposed with an anthology of classical and contemporary verse , in scope , microcosmic in singular . 
0	it has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out . 
0	it has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian baddie ; openhanded contend ; adult hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just rarify enough to let you bask in your own brightness as you cypher it out . 
0	shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes . 
0	viridity shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath curious the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , on far more meaningful story than suspicious one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes . 
1	even though many at the time believed it was a violation of their civil rights to privacy . 
1	yet though many at the clip trust it was a violation of their civil rights to privacy . 
1	things get a little awkward when harry suffers a heart attack at the home of marin's mother erica ( keaton ) . 
1	things get of little awkward when harry suffers a heart attack erica the home a marin's mother at ( keaton ) . 
1	all kinds of animals begin immigrating to the south , seeking more warm climates . 
1	climates kinds of animals begin immigrating to the south , seeking more warm all . 
1	as the police try to piece together what happened , the convoluted relationship between a young woman and her two suitors gradually emerges . 
1	as the constabulary judge to piece together what materialize , the convoluted relationship between a young woman and her II suitors gradually emerges . 
0	nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one . 
0	nothing a of a masterpiece -- and short challenging one . 
1	with the help of the sulty nina , sitting alone in the center of the restaurant , simone gets caught up in the flirting , fighting and food and discovers that sometimes , the best things may not be on the menu . 
1	with up the help of the sulty nina , seated sitting alone in the center of the restaurant , simone gets caught up in the flirting , upward fighting and food and discovers that sometimes , the best things upwardly may not be on the menu . 
1	convinced that peter is tracking her , she turns to them for help . 
1	convinced tracking peter is that her , she turns to them for help . 
1	he soon escapes and runs into a woman who has recently had a car accident and is suffering with amnesia . 
1	he soon escapes and runs into a woman WHO who has recently had a car WHO accident and is suffering with amnesia . 
1	rayne johnson is a shrewd investment company assistant who turns a mob slaying into a golden opportunity for a new improved lifestyle , managing to outsmart the crooked cops who are very eager to see her disappear . 
1	johnson shrewd investment company who turns a mob slaying into a golden for a new improved lifestyle , managing to the crooked cops who are very eager to see her . 
1	heart-stopping talent doesn't seem to be enough when your parents want you to hang up your football boots , find a nice boyfriend and learn to cook the perfect chapatti . 
1	heart-stopping talent doesn't seem lack to be enough when your parents want you to endowment hang up your football boots , find a nice boyfriend and deficiency learn to cook the perfect chapatti . 
1	he accidentally discovers that the chinese mafia , the tong , is using his newly discovered ancient chinese artifacts to hide and smuggle narcotics across the border . 
1	he unintentionally discovers that the chinese mafia , the tong , is habituate his newly reveal ancient chinese artifacts to hide and smuggle narcotics crossways the edge . 
1	emma's a succesful sale agent for a home security company , due in part to being the police chief's daughter . 
1	emma's a succesful sale agent for a home security company , due in to being police chief's . 
0	anderson has created the kind of unconventional 'romantic comedy' we might expect from him . 
0	anderson from created the kind of unconventional 'romantic comedy' we might expect has him . 
0	cassavetes thinks he's making dog day afternoon with a cause , but all he's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon . 
0	cassavetes thinks he's devising dog day afternoon with a get , but all he's come is to slenderize everything he tint to a shrill , didactic cartoon . 
0	a moving portrait of a man who has lost his place in the world . 
0	a moving portrait of a man who has lost his A place in the world . 
0	one of the best examples of how to treat a subject , you're not fully aware is being examined , much like a photo of yourself you didn't know was being taken . 
0	one of the best examples of how to know a subject , much not fully aware is yourself examined , you're like a photo of treat you didn't being was being taken . 
1	while johnny knoxvile and his pals put their life at risk , they are entertaining people at the same time . 
1	johnny knoxvile and his pals put their life risk , they entertaining people at the same time . 
1	a lapp woman anni gives a shelter to both of them at her farm . 
1	a lapp woman anni gives a farm to both of them at her shelter . 
1	roy &#38 ; candy and lonnie earl &#38 ; darlene are two married couples who thought they knew one another , until they decided to take their dream vacation together . 
1	roy &#38 ; candy knew vacation earl &#38 ; darlene are two married couples who thought another and one they , until they decided to take their dream lonnie together . 
1	this holds particularly true for blacky , a white teen who is more interested in books than sport , and his best friend , dumby , the aboriginal star of the team . 
1	this holds particularly true for inward blacky , a white teen who WHO is more interested in books than sport , and his best friend , dumby , the aboriginal star of inwards the team . 
0	its aims are modest -- to make kids laugh as cuba gooding falls down a lot and to show how thrilling sled dogs are -- and it achieves them . 
0	its aims are modest -- to make kids laugh as mild cuba gooding falls down a IT lot and to show equal how thrilling sled dogs are -- and it achieves them . 
0	an amusing , breezily apolitical documentary about life on the campaign trail . 
0	an amusing , breezily apolitical trail about life on the campaign documentary . 
0	despite some gulps the film is a fuzzy huggy . 
0	despite the gulps some film is a fuzzy huggy . 
1	seymour 'sy' parrish has been doing photo development for 20 years . 
1	seymour 'sy' parrish has been doing photo XX development for 20 years . 
0	late marriage is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love . 
0	late marriage is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy filled raw emotions conveying despair love . 
0	berling and bart . . . continue to impress , and isabelle huppert . . . again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters . 
0	berling and bart . . . continue impress , isabelle huppert . . . shows uncanny skill in under the skin of her characters . 
1	a man ( phillipe ) awakens in a hospital not recalling the last two years as he begins to find out things from his past he discovers his ability to move from the year 2002 to the year 1999 . 
1	a man ( phillipe ) awakens in a hospital not recover recalling the last two proscribed years as he begins to find retiring out things from his non past he discovers his ability to move from the year 2002 to the year 1999 . 
0	though perry and hurley make inspiring efforts to breathe life into the disjointed , haphazard script by jay scherick and david ronn , neither the actors nor director reginald hudlin can make it more than fitfully entertaining . 
0	though perry hurley make inspiring efforts to breathe into the disjointed , haphazard script by jay and ronn , neither the actors reginald can make it more than fitfully entertaining . 
0	[denis] might be off her nut , but she can sure make an interesting film , a la davids lynch and cronenberg . 
0	[denis] might be off her junky , but she can sure induce an concern film , a La davids lynch and cronenberg . 
1	majid majidi interviews peasants , soldiers , youngsters , women , elderly and gives a special attention to the children's extraordinary resilience as they are confronted with the emotional and physical turmoil of war . 
1	majid majidi interviews peasants , soldiers , tyke , women , elderly and reach a especial aid to the children's extraordinary resilience as they are confronted with the emotional and strong-arm excitement of war . 
0	watching possession is a movie experience not much deeper than you'd get on your couch watching masterpiece theater or mystery ! -- pleasant enough , but oh so soft . 
0	learn possession is a movie live not much cryptical than you'd scram on your couch watching masterpiece theater or mystery ! -- pleasant enough , but oh so voiced . 
1	a young korean war veteran returns home to find his parents have died and his wife has left him for another man . 
1	a young korean war veteran find home for returns his parents have died and his to has left him wife another man . 
1	it measures a students ability to lie , cheat , fight and kill . 
1	it measures a students ability to lie , jockey , combat and kill . 
0	a bit of whimsically warped history elevated by the central performance of ian holm . 
0	a of whimsically history elevated by the central performance of ian holm . 
1	once his products become good enough , he has to face severe competition , and , in some cases , humiliations , from well-established foreign companies . 
1	once his products become good sufficiency , he has to cheek severe competition , and , in some pillowcase , humiliations , from well-established alien companies . 
0	the mushy finale turns john q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker . 
0	the mushy finale turns john q into tearjerker . 
0	an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it isn't . 
0	engaging energetic and an film that never pretends to be something it isn't . 
1	lando , frustrated with isabel's conservatism and idealism , turns his attention to clara , which irked isabel . 
1	lando , frustrated with bedevil isabel's conservatism and idealism , turns his attention fox to clara , which irked isabel . 
0	its battle scenes are dynamic , its pageantry spectacular and its characters appealing . 
0	its battle are dynamic , its pageantry spectacular and characters appealing . 
1	an unusual family and a staff of two are preparing a party on their cosy mansion . 
1	an unusual family and a of two are preparing a on cosy mansion . 
1	awash with melancholy and disillusionment , it's a tall task to love hong kong . 
1	flooded with melancholy and disillusionment , it's a tall labor to love hong kong . 
0	borstal boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy . 
0	borstal boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends is really passionate and truthful but to be frustratingly timid and soggy . 
0	it's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah . 
0	it's supposed to be post-feminist but ends up as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah . 
0	 . . . there are enough moments of heartbreaking honesty to keep one glued to the screen . 
0	 . . . there are enough moments sufficiency of heartbreaking honesty to keep one glued to the screen . 
1	a dutch girl is getting sick of always losing her boyfriends , so when she loses her newest " gain " she decides to follow max ( her friend ) to new york where he's starting a carreer as an actor . 
1	a dutch girl so getting is of where losing her boyfriends , sick when she loses her carreer " gain " she decides to follow max ( her friend ) to new york always he's starting a newest as an actor . 
1	incredibly , dionysus' unarmed women defeat pentheus' formidable royal army . 
1	incredibly , dionysus' unarmed fabulously women defeat pentheus' formidable royal army . 
0	it's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity . but it's hardly a necessary enterprise . 
0	it's barely mildly entertaining , angstrom especially if you find comfort in familiarity . but it's hardly a necessary enterprise . 
0	if festival in cannes nails hard- boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing . 
0	if festival in cannes nails hard- boiled hollywood argot with a unbelievable bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its IT casting , is improbable frustratingly unconvincing . 
1	another more vicous gang known as the vipers is a possible threat to leon and bobby's efforts . 
1	another more gang vicous known as the threat is a possible vipers to leon and bobby's efforts . 
0	it's like an all-star salute to disney's cheesy commercialism . 
0	it's like an all-star salute to disney's cheesy commerce commercialism . 
0	an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength . 
0	an inelegant combination of two Interahamwe unrelated shorts that forgetful falls far short of the director's previous work in terms of both thematic content and boxershorts narrative strength . 
0	an absorbing trip into the minds and motivations of people under stress as well as a keen , unsentimental look at variations on the theme of motherhood . 
0	an absorbing theme into the minds and motivations of people under stress as well variations a keen , trip look at as on the unsentimental of motherhood . 
1	he is living a life of luxury in a huge mansion and a mercedes in the driveway . 
1	he is live a spirit of luxury in a huge residence and a mercedes in the driveway . 
0	there's a heavy stench of 'been there , done that' hanging over the film . it's everything you'd expect -- but nothing more . 
0	there's a grave stench of 'been there , practise that' hanging over the film . it's everything you'd anticipate -- but zero more . 
0	i don't even care that there's no plot in this antonio banderas-lucy liu faceoff . it's still terrible ! 
0	i don't even care that there's no plot in still this antonio banderas-lucy inch liu faceoff . it's still terrible ! 
0	feels like six different movies fighting each other for attention . 
0	like six different movies fighting other for attention . 
0	 . . . works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once . 
0	 . . . on some levels and is certainly worth seeing least once . 
0	feeling like a dope has rarely been more fun than it is in nine queens . 
0	finger like a pinhead has rarely been more fun than it is in nine world-beater . 
1	she drags along her best friend marie ( jenny ) , and marie's boyfriend sean ( john ) and kid brother scott ( jonathan ) . 
1	she drags along her best friend marie ( jenny ) , and sean ( john ) and kid brother scott ( ) . 
0	 . . . nothing scary here except for some awful acting and lame special effects . 
0	 . . . nothing scary here except for some awful acting and awfully lame special effects . 
1	bullying students are becoming deathly ill after screaming the name of a legendary ghost . 
1	bullying screaming are becoming deathly ill after students the name of a legendary ghost . 
0	the actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen . 
0	the improvise and scream way around movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make of idea work on screen . 
1	she scorned him for not standing by her and they parted forever with a heart-broken paro entering into a chaste marriage with a wealthy , much older man , zamindar bhuvan ( vijayendra ghagte ) , while a shattered devdas walked towards anguish , alcoholism &#38 ; chandramukhi ( madhuri dixit ) . 
1	she scorned him for not standing by her and they parted forever with a heart-broken paro entering into a xxxviii chaste marriage with a wealthy , much older moneyed man , zamindar bhuvan ( vijayendra ghagte ) , while a fend shattered devdas walked towards anguish , alcoholism &#often 38 ; chandramukhi ( madhuri dixit ) . 
1	if they get caught cheating again stark will make a note in their permanent records and possibly kill their chances of getting into college . 
1	if they get caught cheating again of will make a note in their permanent records and possibly kill getting chances stark their into college . 
0	this story of a determined woman's courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments . 
0	this of a courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting . 
0	self-congratulatory , misguided , and ill-informed , if nonetheless compulsively watchable . 
0	self-congratulatory , misguided , and ill-informed , if obsessionally nonetheless compulsively watchable . 
0	cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera . 
0	cage makes an unusual but sunnily haunting debut bottom the camera . 
0	methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it's so successful at lodging itself in the brain . 
0	methodical , measured , and gently its comedy , secret ballot is purposefully reductive movie -- which may be it's so at lodging itself in the brain . 
1	the remaining friends must now rescue the captives , while desperately trying to avoid the long arm of the law . 
1	the remaining friends must now fortify rescue the captives , while desperately trying to avoid stay the long arm of the law . 
0	zhang . . . has done an amazing job of getting realistic performances from his mainly nonprofessional cast . 
0	zhang . . . has cause an amazing job of catch realistic performances from his mainly nonprofessional stamp . 
0	though not as tightly focused or as well-performed as malkovich , human nature has its own absurdist flair . 
0	though not tightly focused or as well-performed malkovich , human nature has its own absurdist . 
0	it will take a strong stomach for the ordinary viewer to maintain an appetite for pinochet apologetics after this litany of suffering . 
0	it will a strong stomach the ordinary viewer maintain appetite for pinochet apologetics after this litany of suffering . 
1	chris forces mitchell to deliver guns and drugs while he hangs out on a rooftop and freaks out all day . 
1	chris forces mitchell to deliver and drugs he hangs out on a rooftop freaks out day . 
0	the movie's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase 'fatal script error . '
0	the movie's into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase ' error . '
0	a film that deserves to be seen regardless of the misgivings . 
0	a that deserves to be seen regardless of the . 
0	one of the film's most effective aspects is its tchaikovsky soundtrack of neurasthenic regret . 
0	one of the film's regret effective aspects is its tchaikovsky soundtrack of neurasthenic most . 
0	the huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent . 
0	the husky are beautiful , the bound collie is rummy and the overall feeling is genial and decent . 
1	soon after the accident , the survivors of the accident start dropping like flies . 
1	soon after the accident , the accident of the survivors start dropping like flies . 
1	this is a story about the warm relationship between a little girl and her father despite the difficult conditions they have to live in . 
1	this is a story about the warm relationship between a little girl and her miss father despite betwixt the difficult conditions they have to live in . 
0	steers turns in a snappy screenplay that curls at the edges ; it's so clever you want to hate it . but he somehow pulls it off . 
0	steers turns helium in a snappy screenplay that curls at hatred the channelize edges ; it's so clever you want to hate it . but he somehow pulls it off . 
0	so riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it plod along . 
0	so riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps footslog of faith just to watch screen it plod along . 
0	instead of making his own style , director marcus adams just copies from various sources  good sources , bad mixture
0	instead of making his sources style , director marcus adams just mixture from various own  good sources , bad copies
0	this real-life hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces . 
0	this real-life hollywood fairy-tale the more engaging than is usual fantasies hollywood produces . 
0	done in mostly by a weak script that can't support the epic treatment . 
0	done in mostly by a past weak script that can't support the epic treatment . 
0	the grey zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of holocaust movies . . . but the film suffers from its own difficulties . 
0	the Grey zone contribute vocalisation to a story that involve to be heard in the sea of holocaust movies . . . but the film tolerate from its own difficulties . 
0	the whole movie is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well . 
0	the whole movie is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking A that asks big you to not only suspend your angstrom disbelief but your intelligence as well . 
1	ex-special forces operator frank martin ( jason statham ) lives what seems to be a quiet life along the french mediterranean , hiring himself out as a mercenary " transporter " who moves goods - human or otherwise - from one place to another . 
1	ex-special forces operator frank martin ( statham ) lives what seems to a quiet life along the french mediterranean , hiring himself out as a " transporter " who moves - human otherwise - one place to . 
0	if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it . if ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it . 
0	if always a concept occur handed down from the movie idol on a fluent platter , this is it . if ever such a honest concept was fumble in execution , this is it . 
0	evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes . 
0	evokes the frustration , the growing and the euphoria the awkwardness up , without relying on of usual tropes . 
1	in an isolated town named raccoon city , the largest corporate supplier of healthcare , medical supplies , and defense technology has a secret research facility located half a mile underground called the hive . 
1	in an isolated town named raccoon city , the largest corporate supplier of healthcare , supplies medical , mile defense technology has secret a research facility located half a and underground called the hive . 
1	the assembled team includes local guide clayton tyne ( russel ferrier ) , renowned wilderness expert and author winston burg ( phil granger ) and the beautiful marla lawson ( andrea roth ) . 
1	the team includes guide clayton tyne ( russel ferrier ) , renowned wilderness expert author winston burg ( phil granger ) and the beautiful marla ( andrea ) . 
0	miyazaki has provided another triumph , and , in the midst of the quality fall-off of disney's in-house animated projects , a reason for animation-lovers to rejoice . 
0	miyazaki has provided another triumph , and , in the midst of the prime fall-off of disney's in-house vivify propose , a ground for animation-lovers to rejoice . 
1	the teddy bear syndrome a dramatization based on actual events . 
1	the teddy bear syndrome a dramatization establish on actual result . 
0	such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you can't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production . 
0	it a wildly uneven a enterprise , you can't such suspecting that help was improvised on hit-and-miss day-to-day basis during production . 
1	and some of these ghosts are down right unfriendly . 
1	and some of these approximately ghosts are down right unfriendly . 
1	but paul's dream job turns into a nightmare of sex for hire , drugs and violence . 
1	but paul's dream chore routine into a nightmare of sex for charter , drugs and violence . 
1	but when his lab assitant , a monkey named jojo , causes the accidental addition of chemical x to the mix , the professor ends up with not one but 3 perfect , powerful little girls . 
1	but when his lab assitant , a scamp named jojo , grounds the accidental addition of chemical x to the mix , the professor end up with not unitary but III consummate , powerful little girls . 
0	in auteil's less dramatic but equally incisive performance , he's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer . 
0	in auteil's less dramatic but equally penetrating performance , he's a charismatic smoothy probable to seduce and conquer . 
0	personal velocity ought to be exploring these women's inner lives , but it never moves beyond their surfaces . 
0	personal velocity ought to be exploring these women's intimate lives , but it never motion beyond their coat . 
1	at the height of hitler's infamous u-boat war , the crew of the u . s . s . 
1	at the height of hitler's war , the crew of the u . s . . 
1	set in san francisco , this is the story of a mysterious immortal tibetan kung fu master ( yun-fat ) , who has spent the last 60 years traveling around the world protecting an ancient scroll , who is now mentoring a street kid ( scott ) in the wonders of his ancient ways . . . 
1	determine in san francisco , this is the taradiddle of a mysterious immortal tibetan kung fu passkey ( yun-fat ) , who has spent the concluding 60 year journey around the planetary protecting an ancient scroll , who is now mentoring a street jolly ( scott ) in the wonders of his ancient path . . . 
1	philippa is arrested and questioned about her ( supposedly terroristic ) motives . 
1	philippa is contain and question about her ( supposedly terroristic ) motives . 
1	and even if everything goes according to steve's " plan , " is it really enough ? 
1	and even if everything depart according to steve's " plan , " is it really adequate ? 
0	evans is such a capable storyteller that you find yourself liking him even though he's not exactly likeable . 
0	evans is such a capable even that you find storyteller liking him yourself though he's not exactly likeable . 
0	sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments . 
0	sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add to a moving with some buoyant moments . 
1	she files for divorce , and marco makes a decision that will change all their lives . 
1	she survive files for divorce , and marco makes divorcement a decision that will change all their lives . 
0	attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama . he seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither . 
0	attal press too punishing to make this a comedy or serious drama . he seems to lack both , but succeeds in throw neither . 
0	there's no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for egoyan , but it's also one that , next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted . 
0	there's no doubting this is a highly ambitious and personal project for egoyan , but it's one that , next to his best work , and . 
0	this may be burns's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen . 
0	this may be burns's strongest film since mcmullen brothers the . 
0	ozpetek succeeds in portraying small nuances that demonstrate the stages of love -- unrequited or blossoming -- and in showcasing the family structure created by a group of people who have been rejected for one reason or another . 
0	ozpetek succeeds in portraying small nuances that demonstrate the stages surgery of love -- unrequited or blossoming -- and away in showcasing the family structure created by a modest group of people who inch have been rejected for one reason or another . 
0	this is a harrowing movie about how parents know where all the buttons are , and how to push them . 
0	this is a harrowing movie about how parents know where all are buttons the , and how to push them . 
1	a young boy is devastated when the planned vacation with his father is cancelled due to an emergency salvage mission at a remote canadian lake . 
1	a young boy is waste when the planned holiday with his mother is cancelled due to an emergency relieve mission at a outside canadian lake . 
0	some may quibble that the 144-minute length accommodates at least one too many endings . but such quibbling will diminish in view of the film's overall impact . 
0	some may quibble affect that the 144-minute length accommodates at least one too many endings . May but such quibbling will diminish in view of the film's pettifog overall impact . 
0	the movie is beautiful to behold and engages one in a sense of epic struggle -- inner and outer -- that's all too rare in hollywood's hastier productions . 
0	the movie is beautiful to behold and engages one in a sense of epic struggle -- inner precipitous and outer -- that's all feel too rare in hollywood's production hastier productions . 
1	so this race to reach the diamonds becomes deadlier and all three powers - vikrant , guru and anna clash . 
1	so this race to ability reach the diamonds becomes deadlier and all three powers - vikrant , guru and speed anna clash . 
1	they have a son , jai , who is loved by everyone and who keeps the house alive . 
1	they son , jai , is loved by everyone and who keeps the house alive . 
1	through a funny , sometimes uncomfortable , and combative evening we learn what that brief romance meant to them and how they feel about the subsequent course of their lives . 
1	through a funny , sometimes uncomfortable , and combative evening we learn what that brief Latin signify to them and how they tone about the subsequent path of their aliveness . 
0	merchant hasn't directed this movie so much as produced it -- like sausage . 
0	merchant hasn't aim this movie so much as produced it -- alike sausage . 
1	'the nugget' is a tale about a group of three roadworkers who stumble upon the world's biggest nugget , and become instant millionaires - or so they think . 
1	'the nugget' a a of three roadworkers who stumble upon the world's nugget , and become instant millionaires - or so they think . 
0	a decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies . 
0	a decided lack of spontaneity and its execution in a dearth poignancy real of in its epiphanies . 
0	the most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film of the year has arrived from portugal . 
0	the most audacious , outrageous , sexually , psychologically , pure libido film of the year has arrived from . 
0	scores by marshaling facts that speak for themselves . and they don't speak kindly . 
0	speak by marshaling facts that speak for themselves . and they don't scores kindly . 
1	she works at a pet clinic and lives alone with her only " true friend " ; a doll her mother gave her when she was a little girl . 
1	exist she works at a pet overprotect clinic and lives alone with her only " true friend " ; a doll her mother gave her fille when she was a little girl . 
0	five screenwriters are credited with the clich-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before . 
0	five screenwriters are credited with the clich-laden screenplay ; it seems credit as if each watered IT down the version of the one before . 
1	the terrorist must destroy any genetic remains on the junkie to keep the key to her code a secret . 
1	the terrorist must destroy any genetic to on the junkie remains the keep key to her code a secret . 
1	a romantic comedy about a man , a woman , and their dogs . 
1	a romantic comedy about a mankind , a woman , and their frank . 
0	a big , baggy , sprawling carnival of a movie , stretching out before us with little rhyme or reason . 
0	ahead a big , baggy , Oregon sprawling carnival of a movie , stretching out before us with little rhyme or reason . 
0	director robert rodriguez has once again caught lightning in a bottle . 
0	conductor robert rodriguez has once again beguile lightning in a bottle . 
0	cockettes has the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of those days , featuring all manner of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie . 
0	fashion cockettes has the glorious , gaudy benefit of hipster much stock footage of those days , featuring all manner of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie . 
0	the story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired . the performances are all solid ; it merely lacks originality to make it a great movie . 
0	the story has some Nice twist but the ending and some of the back-story is a little commonplace . the functioning are all solid ; it merely lacks originality to cause it a dandy movie . 
1	she struggles as a barmaid with occasional singing acts in a dubious bar in chicago . 
1	she battle as a barmaid with occasional singing playact in a dubious taproom in chicago . 
1	when wei is promoted from the rank of nightclub parking valet to the rank of debt-collector in brother gu's gang , he persuades his boss to hire jie to work alongside him . 
1	when wei is upgrade from the rank of nightclub parking valet to the rate of debt-collector in buddy gu's gang , he sway his brag to hire jie to act alongside him . 
1	chep's growing love for fran makes him willing to prowl the dark streets at night in search of items for her . 
1	chep's growth love for fran ca-ca him uncoerced to prowl the iniquity streets at night in search of items for her . 
0	everything about the quiet american is good , except its timing . 
0	everything about the most quiet american is good , except its timing . 
0	this riveting world war ii moral suspense story deals with the shadow side of american culture : racial prejudice in its ugly and diverse forms . 
0	this riveting world-wide war ii moral suspense story cover with the shadow side of american culture : racial prejudice in its ugly and divers anatomy . 
0	showtime's starry cast could be both an asset and a detriment . those who trek to the 'plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves . but ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr . de niro . 
0	showtime's starry cast could predispose be both an asset and a detriment . those who trek to the 'plex merely predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves . but groovy ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up form as glum as mr . de niro . 
0	despite the inexperience of the director and his cast , there's rarely a false moment . 
0	rawness despite the inexperience of the director and his cast , there's rarely a false moment . 
0	the pianist [is] a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life . here is a divine monument to a single man's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music . 
0	hopeful a [is] a supremely the cautionary tale of war's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of to . here is a music monument life pianist single man's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his divine . 
0	somewhere inside the mess that is world traveler , there is a mediocre movie trying to get out . 
0	somewhere the mess is world , there is a mediocre movie trying to get out . 
1	however , he can only inhabit the body of a child for a short time . 
1	however , he can only inhabit the body of a tiddler for a short meter . 
1	the don's legal will , which also includes diamonds worth hundred crores kept in a foreign bank , has to be equally divided between these three and to claim the diamonds from the bank all three all three have to be present at the bank and personally sign the papers . 
1	the don's effectual will , which also admit diamonds deserving hundred crores kept in a foreign trust , has to be equally divided between these trinity and to claim the diamonds from the bank all trinity all III have to be represent at the cant and personally sign the papers . 
0	cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes . 
0	cal with an claustrophobic shallow and immature character is whom to spend 110 unpleasantly minutes . 
0	it wraps up a classic mother/daughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow and while the audience can tell it's not all new , at least it looks pretty . 
0	it twine up a classic mother/daughter conflict in recycled paper with a shiny New bow and while the audience can severalize it's not all new , at least it bet somewhat . 
0	fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget . but the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , isn't really one of resources . 
0	fessenden continues do interesting work , and it would nice to see what could make a budget . the problem with wendigo , for all effective moments , isn't really one of resources . 
0	this little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it can't really be called animation . 
0	this little film is so slovenly do , so crude in technique , that it can't genuinely be called animation . 
1	she also has an ulcer and doesn't get much sleep . 
1	she also has an ulceration and doesn't stupefy much sleep . 
1	one day alice enters the shop with her little daughter . 
1	one day alice enters her shop with the little daughter . 
1	vesa , a 16-year old bulgarian girl , cannot speak . 
1	vesa , a 16-year cannot bulgarian girl , old speak . 
0	the screenplay comes across , rather unintentionally , as hip-hop scooby-doo . 
0	the screenplay get across , rather unintentionally , as hip-hop scooby-doo . 
1	as the boyfriend also becomes obsessed , it becomes apparent that something more is happening . 
1	as the boyfriend also becomes turn obsessed , it becomes apparent that something more is happening . 
1	pistachio disguisey , a sweet-natured italian server at his father fabbrizio's restaurant , can't figure out why he compulsively mimics his customers and desires to change his appearance . 
1	pistachio disguisey , a sweet-natured Italian server at his engender fabbrizio's restaurant , can't see out why he compulsively mimics his customers and trust to deepen his appearance . 
0	a simmering psychological drama in which the bursts of sudden violence are all the more startling for the slow buildup that has preceded them . 
0	a simmering are drama in which the bursts of sudden violence slow all the more startling for has psychological buildup that the preceded them . 
1	the killer is getting closer , revealing more and more of his madness . 
1	the killer is getting closer , more more and revealing of his madness . 
1	an amalgam of several edgar allan poe stories , and a mixture of comedy , horror and musical genres . 
1	an amalgam of edgar allan poe stories , and a mixture of comedy , horror musical . 
1	they all collide during the course of a typical no thrills weekend an urban fairy tale-romantic comedy , in which nola , an aspiring songwriter , leaves an abusive kansas home and journeys to new york to find her biological father . 
1	they all AN collide track during the course of a typical no thrills weekend an urban fairy tale-romantic comedy , in which nola , line an aspiring songwriter , leaves an abusive kansas home and journeys to run new york to find her biological father . 
1	the film is to be produced by jules , melina's husband . 
1	the film is to be make by jules , melina's conserve . 
0	you wouldn't call the good girl a date movie ( an anti-date movie is more like it ) , but when it's good , it's good and horrid . 
0	you the call wouldn't good girl a date movie ( an anti-date when is more like it ) , but movie it's good , it's good and horrid . 
1	then , grace lets us in on the secret of their marriage , and how she is able to keep communication front and center in their relationship . 
1	the , grace then us in on lets of secret their marriage , and how she is able to keep communication front and center in their relationship . 
1	as the years pass by , the aged patricia gets a visit by . . . francis . 
1	as the years give by , the aged patricia fetch a visit by . . . francis . 
0	holy mad maniac in a mask , splat-man ! good old-fashioned slash-and-hack is back ! 
0	holy mad lunatic in a mask , splat-man ! good old-fashioned slash-and-hack is stake ! 
0	greg kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior . 
0	greg kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict spring who is in complete denial about his obsessive As behavior . 
0	a brain twister , less a movie-movie than a funny and weird meditation on hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy . 
0	a brain twister , less speculation a movie-movie than along a funny and weird meditation on hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy . 
1	in verifying information , she interviews the narrator and becomes his lover . 
1	in verifying becomes , she interviews the narrator and information his lover . 
0	as animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool , this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth . 
0	as animation increasingly accent the figurer and the cool , this is a film that subscribe a fend in favor of tradition and warmth . 
0	it's difficult to imagine the process that produced such a script , but here's guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role . 
0	it's difficult to role process the that produced such a script , imagine here's guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial but . 
0	escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions . 
0	escapes the trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very , complicated . 
0	the film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work . 
0	the film is darkly funny in its observation of just how more grueling and time-consuming illusion work is than actual . 
0	 . . . while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare's macbeth doesn't sustain a high enough level of invention . 
0	 . . . monotonous while certainly clever flat in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare's macbeth doesn't sustain a high enough level of invention . 
1	we open on the main character alex , a chef , put out by her effort for the shower and struggling with her desire to make things " picture-perfect . " 
1	we on the main character , chef , put out by her effort for the shower and with her desire make things " picture-perfect . " 
0	 " i blame all men for war , " [the warden's daughter] tells her father . the movie is about as deep as that sentiment . 
0	 " i blessed all world for war , " [the warden's daughter] secern her Fatherhood . the movie is about as deep as that sentiment . 
1	with his new job at the tire store beginning tomorrow , he has one last night to reverie before starting what his wife , jolynn , calls their " new life . " 
1	with his new job at the beginning tomorrow , he has one last night to reverie before starting what wife , , calls " new life . " 
1	enter the beautiful and mysterious secret agent petra schmitt . 
1	agent the beautiful and mysterious secret enter petra schmitt . 
0	quiet , sexual , disturbing , often beautifully melancholic . 
0	quiet , sexual , disturbing , melancholy often beautifully melancholic . 
0	lindberg demonstrates a remarkable sense of place , a keen understanding that emotions are boiled into a concentrate , not diluted , in the rural setting . 
0	lindberg demonstrates a remarkable sense of place , a keen understanding that emotions are boiled personify into a concentrate , not diluted , in the sic rural setting . 
0	the misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten . 
0	the misery of these mass become just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be exhaust and forgotten . 
0	bolstered by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that i haven't encountered since at least pete's dragon . 
0	by an astonishing ( excepting hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a that i haven't encountered since at least pete's dragon . 
0	all prints of this film should be sent to and buried on pluto . 
0	all prints of this film should be sent to on buried and pluto . 
1	trouble comes when tom ex girlfriend reappears , asking for help , announcing him that she had a girl from him 9 years ago . 
1	trouble comes when missy tom ex girlfriend reappears , asking for help , announcing him that she ask had a girl from him 9 years ago . 
1	loonies is a touching comedy about five psychiatric patients who are forced to exchange their familiar surroundings for an old-fashioned , impersonal institution . 
1	loonies is a touching comedy about Phoebe psychiatric patients who are wedge to substitution their familiar milieu for an old-fashioned , impersonal institution . 
0	first and foremost . . . the reason to go see " blue crush " is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings . 
0	first and foremost . . . the reason to go see " blue crush " phenomenal , cinematography by david hennings . 
1	upon arrival , josch and t&#252 ; rlich find ischgl to be a center for apr&#232 ; s ski parties , and drink hard to blend in . 
1	upon arrival , josch to t&#to ; rlich find ischgl and be a center for apr&#232 ; in ski parties , and drink hard 252 blend s . 
0	it is a testament of quiet endurance , of common concern , of reconciled survival . 
0	it is testament of endurance , of common concern , of reconciled survival . 
1	anna obtains a retraining order against her stalker but she still worries about him , huddled outside her home on a cold , windy night . 
1	anna obtains a retraining order on her stalker but she still worries about him , huddled outside night home against a cold , windy her . 
1	a small house stands on a hill overlooking the inland sea . 
1	a small house fend on a hill overlook the inland sea . 
1	the film " eternally aliens " is a 24 min . 
1	the film " eternally aliens " is minute a 24 min . 
1	as she tries to clear her name , she uncovers information that leads to more murders and more unanswered questions . 
1	as she tries to effort clear nominate her name , she uncovers information that leads to more murders and more unanswered questions . 
1	one of the friends is a dress designer and provides him the artist's clothes and imported cars are provided to him to enjoy life . 
1	ane of the friends is a frock designer and provides him the artist's cloak and imported cars are provided to him to enjoy spirit . 
0	we have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat . 
0	we have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful negotiation elbow aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no seeming cause except , perchance , that it looks tasteful . 
1	biker cary ford is framed by and old rival and biker gang leader for the murder of another gang member who happens to be the brother of trey ( ice cube ) , leader of the most feared biker gang in the country . 
1	biker cary ford icing is framed by and old rival and biker gang leader for reverence the murder of another gang member who happens to nigh be the brother of trey ( ice fear cube ) , leader of the most feared biker gang in the country . 
1	evergon is an affectionate tragicomedy that follows francis evergon in his last days among the unemployed . 
1	is an affectionate tragicomedy follows francis evergon in last days among the unemployed . 
1	that all changes when a teammate is mysteriously stabbed during a ball field brawl . 
1	that all changes when a teammate mysteriously stabbed a ball field brawl . 
1	horace seeks the repair of his masculine identity damaged by a partner who won't make love to him . 
1	horace seeks the animate of his masculine identity damaged by a partner who won't pee screw to him . 
1	their original calendars showed lovely scenes of the yorkshire dales . 
1	yorkshire original calendars showed lovely scenes of the their dales . 
1	it is a bitter story about a middle-aged man , who hates his life and other people , including himself . 
1	it is a who story about a man middle-aged , bitter hates his life and other people , including himself . 
1	in a fit of desperation he challenges god and vents that if only he had god's power , he could solve all his problems . 
1	in a match of desperation he challenges god and outlet that if only he had god's mogul , he could solve all his problem . 
0	if you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride . 
0	if you want movie time trip , 1960 is a far smoother ride . 
0	chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly . 
0	glass it up as the unsound kind of hubristic folly . 
0	look , this is a terrific flick replete with dazzling camera-work , dancing and music . 
0	look , this is a terrific with dazzling camera-work , dancing and music . 
1	he discovers that his daughter's life , unknown to him from an affair with a brazilian woman 15 years earlier , is in danger and must return to rio ; having only five days to finish the deal and find his daughter . 
1	he discovers that his daughter's life , unknown to him from an affair with a brazilian Rio woman 15 years earlier , is in danger and must amp return to rio ; having cinque only five days to finish Brazilian the deal and find his daughter . 
1	a young french journalist , marina , is writing a report on 'the next film starred by melina : the story of lilly' . 
1	a untested french diarist , marina , is spell a report on 'the next film asterisk by melina : the story of lilly' . 
1	to ease their roommate ( selma blair ) through a relationship-induced depression , cameron diaz and christina applegate take her out on the town . 
1	to ease selma roommate ( their blair ) through a relationship-induced depression , cameron diaz and christina applegate town her out on the take . 
0	when a movie asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger's sex life , it already has one strike against it . 
0	when a movie asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger's sex life , it already pitiful has one strike against meritless it . 
1	amaro soon discovers that corruption and the church are old acquaintances in los reyes . 
1	Indiana amaro soon discovers that corruption and the church are old acquaintances in los reyes . 
0	too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient . 
0	too insipid and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient . 
0	[hayek] throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and she gradually makes us believe she is kahlo . 
0	[] throws into this dream hispanic role a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and she gradually makes us she is . 
1	add to the mix a sob sister , roxie's hapless husband amos , and a warm prison matron who watches out for her girls ( if there's something in it for her ) , and you have chicago . 
1	bestow to the commix a shit sister , roxie's piteous husband amos , and a ardent prison matron who learn out for her girls ( if there's something in it for her ) , and you have chicago . 
0	you've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but it's worth yet another visit . 
0	you've already seen city by the ocean under a diverseness of titles , but it's worth however another visit . 
0	while the topic has grown heavier here , [moretti's] touch has not , and that disparity is precisely what gives the film its sustained poignancy . 
0	while wakeless the profound topic has grown heavier here , [moretti's] touch has not , and that disparity is precisely what gives the film its sustained poignancy . 
1	nete forces a doctor to tell her how much time he has left . 
1	nete forces a doctor to tell her how much time has he left . 
0	it's hard to like a film about a guy who is utterly unlikeable , and shiner , starring michael caine as an aging british boxing promoter desperate for a taste of fame and fortune , is certainly that . 
0	it's hard to like a film about a guy who mouse is utterly creep unlikeable , and shiner , starring A michael caine British as an aging british boxing promoter desperate for a taste of fame and fortune , is certainly that . 
1	a beautiful story of love , loss and unexpected reunions , unravels in one weekend . 
1	a beautiful story of love , loss and adenine unexpected reunions , unravels in one weekend . 
0	time changer may not be the most memorable cinema session but its profound self-evaluation message about our fragile existence and the absence of spiritual guidance should at least invade an abundance of mindsets
0	time changer may not be the most memorable cinema session but celluloid its profound self-evaluation nigh message about our fragile existence substance and the absence of spiritual guidance should at least invade an abundance of mindsets
1	a brilliant pianist , a polish jew , witnesses the restrictions nazis place on jews in the polish capital , from restricted access to the building of the warsaw ghetto . 
1	a bright pianist , a polish jew , witnesses the restrictions Nazi billet on jews in the polish capital , from restricted entree to the building of the Warsaw ghetto . 
1	august has become a real problem for some of the bosses around town , and ronnie will soon find out just what his frankenstein's monster will cost him . 
1	revered has become a rattling problem for some of the bosses about town , and ronnie will shortly rule out just what his frankenstein's monster will cost him . 
1	he stands at the window and struggles to understand why his mother will not stop smoking , even after being diagnosed with emphysema . 
1	he stands the and struggles to understand why his mother will not smoking , after being diagnosed with emphysema . 
0	quirky and understated office comedy with crispin glover as the guy who would prefer not to work , but likes to hang around . 
0	quirky and understate position comedy with crispin glover as the Guy who would prefer not to work , but likes to knack around . 
0	 . . . a poignant and powerful narrative that reveals that reading writing and arithmetic are not the only subjects to learn in life . 
0	 . . . a poignant and muscular narrative that reveals that show pen and arithmetic are not the only subjects to instruct in life . 
0	this rough trade punch-and-judy act didn't play well then and it plays worse now . 
0	this rough trade punch-and-judy act didn't play substantially then and it spiel worse now . 
1	bret has an idea that will push them both across lines they'd never seriously considered crossing . 
1	bret has an that will push them both across they'd never seriously crossing . 
0	outside of burger's desire to make some kind of film , it's really unclear why this project was undertaken
0	outside of burger's desire to get some kind of film , it's rattling unclear why this project was guarantee
1	what drives a young african-american man to become a member of the republican party and to run for a united states congressional seat in a district in south georgia with a disturbing racist history ? 
1	what drives a young african-american man to become with member of the republican party racist in run for a united states congressional seat in a district to south georgia a a disturbing and history ? 
1	before they carry this out , they want to truly experience life on the edge and they devise a plan by which their suicides will make them legends . 
1	and they carry this out , they want to truly experience make on the which before they devise a plan by edge their suicides will life them legends . 
1	based on frances mayes' memoir of the same name . 
1	based on frances mayes' memoir of the same cite . 
1	a new york city oil company troubleshooter is brought to a remote b . c . 
1	a new york city oil company troubleshooter is institute to a remote b . C . 
1	as they struggle to get out of the country and fight to stay alive , they find a special love and compassion from which emerges their ultimate moral and spiritual redemption . 
1	as they struggle to get out of the fight to stay alive , they find a special compassion from which emerges their ultimate moral redemption . 
0	at the end of the movie , my 6-year-old nephew said , " i guess i come from a broken family , and my uncles are all aliens , too . " congrats disney on a job well done , i enjoyed it just as much ! 
0	at the of movie , 6-year-old nephew said , " guess i come from a family , and uncles are all aliens , too . " congrats disney a job well done , i enjoyed it just as much ! 
1	however , the enemy terrorists learn of his secret identity and kidnap his girlfriend/fiancee ( gabriel macht ) . 
1	, the terrorists learn of his secret identity and kidnap girlfriend/fiancee ( gabriel macht ) . 
0	a good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper cast , but never quite gets off the ground . 
0	a good-natured ensemble comedy that strain hard to ready the most of a bumper vomit , but never quite mother off the ground . 
0	laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , no such thing is a fascinating little tale . 
0	laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full bounteous of solid performances , no such thing is a broad fascinating little tale . 
1	now they must run for their lives as the deluge strikes with full force at the heart of their private world . 
1	now they must discharge for their lives as the deluge assume with full strength at the nitty-gritty of their private world . 
0	'like a child with an important message to tell . . . [skins'] faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty . '
0	'like a nestling with an important message to distinguish . . . [skins'] blame are comfortable to forgive because the intentions are lofty . '
1	the pied piper production penned by christian otjen concerns a 36-year-old man ( brad hunt ) who returns to his hometown to confront the harsh reality of his father's suicide . 
1	the multi-colored piper production penned by christian otjen fear a 36-year-old homo ( brad hunt ) who render to his hometown to confront the coarse reality of his father's suicide . 
0	it's one heck of a character study -- not of hearst or davies but of the unique relationship between them . 
0	it's one heck of a character study -- not of hearst simply or davies but type of the unique relationship between them . 
1	charlie decides it's time to take action to recover his lost love : he secretly befriends her new boyfriend and attempts to sabotage their relationship by introducing temptation , mistrust - and jennifer . . . 
1	charlie determine it's time to take action to recoup his lost passion : he secretly befriends her young boyfriend and attack to sabotage their relationship by introducing temptation , suspicion - and jennifer . . . 
0	if you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera , this oscar-nominated documentary takes you there . 
0	if you ever wondered what it would be but to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with this like a camera , nothing oscar-nominated documentary you takes there . 
0	that old adage about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar . 
0	gets being adage about women old unknowable that an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar . 
1	the story is set in a place called attic town , where the great syndicate robs and kills anyone who stands in their way . 
1	the story is set a called attic town , where the great syndicate and kills anyone who stands in their . 
1	a lot can happen when an honest , young , naive japanese man visits a foreign country for the first time . 
1	a lot when an honest , young , naive japanese man visits a foreign country for the first . 
0	gives you the steady pulse of life in a beautiful city viewed through the eyes of a character who , in spite of tragic loss and increasing decrepitude , knows in his bones that he is one of the luckiest men alive . 
0	gives you the steady eyeball pulse of life in a beautiful city viewed through the eyes of a character who , in spite of axerophthol tragic loss and increasing decrepitude , be knows in his bones that he is one of the luckiest men ampere alive . 
0	like to think of the film as local hero for kids , as the boy has to adapt from his urban kid lifestyle to the slow , simple ways of generations before . will he do it ? will it work out ? can love overcome ? 
0	like to film of the think as generations hero for out , as the boy has to adapt from his urban lifestyle kid to the slow , simple ways of local before . will he do it ? will it kids work ? can love overcome ? 
1	women craved him and men wanted to be him . 
1	women craved him and men wanted to be comprise him . 
0	even if it is generally amusing from time to time , i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have . 
0	if it is generally amusing from time time , i spy all the same problems the majority of action have . 
0	theology aside , why put someone who ultimately doesn't learn at the center of a kids' story ? 
0	theology aside , why position someone who ultimately doesn't acquire at the inwardness of a kids' story ? 
0	it may be an easy swipe to take , but this barbershop just doesn't make the cut . 
0	it may be an sluttish swipe to take , but this barbershop just doesn't seduce the disregard . 
0	britney's performance cannot be faulted . lucy's a dull girl , that's all . 
0	britney's performance cannot be faulted . fault lucy's a dull girl , that's all . 
0	when not obscured by the booming bass-heavy soundtrack , the conversation presents the kind of linguistic fumbling not heard since macy gray's game of chinese whispers with mr bean . 
0	when not obliterate by the booming bass-heavy soundtrack , the conversation represent the kind of linguistic bungling not heard since macy gray's halt of chinese whispers with mr noodle . 
0	an ironic speculation on democracy in a culture unaccustomed to it . 
0	an ironic speculation on in a unaccustomed to it . 
1	he has already written the script but does not have the means of financing his project . 
1	funding he has already written the script but does helium not have the means of financing his project . 
1	while navigating through the tumultuous neighborhoods of south central l . a . , perry and keough must track down cold-blooded killers and face their own demons , which prove to be more ruthless than the criminals they pursue . 
1	while navigating through and tumultuous neighborhoods of south pursue l . a . , perry and the must track down face killers keough cold-blooded their own demons , which prove to be more ruthless than the criminals they central . 
1	these divisions of play into gender roles cause the girls to start talking as if they were sociologists and psychologists discussing learned behaviors . 
1	these divisions of play into gender roles cause the girls to amp start talking as if they were sociologists and psychologists character discussing learned behaviors . 
0	it's everything you don't go to the movies for . 
0	it's everything you don't go to the movies for . 
1	when fran , ( paige turco ) walks into the prop house where he lives looking for unusual objects , chep immediately develops a crush . 
1	when fran , ( paige turco ) walks prop house he looking for unusual objects , chep immediately develops a crush . 
0	mature , graceful documentary on conservative christian parents with homosexual children . 
0	mature , graceful documentary on conservative christian parents with homosexual minor children . 
0	if you're able to go , relax and lower your expectations , you might be carried away by it . 
0	if you're able go , relax lower your expectations , you might carried away by it . 
0	it's hard to fairly judge a film like ringu when you've seen the remake first . many of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity , [yet] are worthwhile . 
0	it's to fairly a like ringu when you've seen the remake first . many of the effective horror elements dampened through familiarity , [yet] are . 
0	mr . deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy . 
0	mr . deeds is sure you a lot of in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy . 
1	pitted against steroid-taking competitors and the biggest sports-nutrition company in the world , he is up against odds and enemies who want to destroy him . 
1	pitted against steroid-taking competitors and the grown sports-nutrition society in the public , he is up against odds and enemies who deprivation to destroy him . 
0	it's deep-sixed by a compulsion to catalog every bodily fluids gag in there's something about mary and devise a parallel clone-gag . 
0	it's deep-sixed by a compulsion to catalog every corporeal fluid gag in there's something about Mary and excogitate a parallel clone-gag . 
1	making use of homemade steel helmets and chest plates to stop bullets , they committed a series of robberies from 1878-80 , when kelly was captured and hanged in melbourne . 
1	stop use of homemade steel helmets making chest to plates and bullets , they committed a series of robberies from 1878-80 , when kelly was captured and hanged in melbourne . 
1	awara paagal deewana is an action comedy , which revolves around a dentist who accidentally gets trapped into underworld and goes in for a roller coaster ride . 
1	awara paagal deewana is an activity drollery , which revolves around a dentist who accidentally take trapped into underworld and start in for a roller coaster tantalize . 
0	will amuse and provoke adventurous adults in specialty venues . 
0	will amuse and provoke adventurous adults in specialization venues . 
1	in 1968 poland expelled the last remaining jews from what once used to be the largest jewish settlement in the world , effectively ending over thousand year long history . 
1	in M 1968 poland expelled the lowest last remaining jews from chronicle what once used to be the largest jewish settlement in the world , effectively ending over thousand year long history . 
0	rewarding for its brash originality and daring in etching a portrait of a man who refuses to take life's disappointments lying down . 
0	repay for its brash originality and daring in etching a portraiture of a man who refuses to make life's disappointments fabrication down . 
0	dialogue-heavy and too cerebral for its own good -- or , at any rate , too cerebral for its racy subject matter . 
0	dialogue-heavy and too cerebral for its own good -- or , at any grade , too cerebral for its blue study matter . 
0	where tom green stages his gags as assaults on america's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval . 
0	where tom green represent his gags as assaults on america's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , goof lacks ambition of social upheaval . 
1	she's a troubled young woman who takes off on a journey with a hitchhiker after a strange , fateful encounter on a new york street . 
1	a a troubled young woman who takes off on a journey with she's hitchhiker after a strange , fateful encounter new a on york street . 
0	a delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional . 
0	a delightful surprisal because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells fib that work -- is witching , is strike , is funny and look professional . 
0	if divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it comes to life in the performances . 
0	comes divine secrets of the sisterhood ya-ya suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it if to life in the performances . 
1	fascinated , she pursues him , bent on learning who he is and where he comes from . 
1	fascinated , she pursues him , is on learning who he bent and where from comes he . 
1	the pink house is a fast-paced , youthful comedy that has been called a sweeter , more intellectual animal house . 
1	the tap house is a fast-paced , youthful comedy that has been bid a angelical , more intellectual animal house . 
0	the writers , director wally wolodarsky , and all the actors should start their own coeducational fraternity : kappa rho alpha phi . 
0	the writers , wally director wolodarsky , and all should actors the start their own coeducational fraternity : kappa rho alpha phi . 
1	her slutty roommate , lara ( jessica biel ) , has the hots for victor as well . 
1	her slutty roommate , lara ( superior jessica biel ) , has the hots for victor as well . 
1	chris , an angry drug dealer , steps in and saves mitchell . 
1	chris , an raging drug dealer , footfall in and saves mitchell . 
1	a young reporter named rachel is investigating these events , but after she and her small son watch the tape , it becomes a race against time to find out why the tape is killing everyone and how it could be stopped . 
1	a young reporter named rachel is investigating these events , but after she and her small son watch , becomes against to find out why the tape is killing everyone and how be stopped . 
1	lost and stranded , they are set upon by a bizarre family of psychotics . 
1	lost and stranded , they represent are set upon by a bizarre family of psychotics . 
0	a beautiful meditation on the life force and redemptive power of literature -- for writers and readers alike -- and on what it means to be fully alive , navigating the rocky terrain between vision and execution . 
0	a beautiful meditation on the force redemptive power of literature -- writers and readers -- and on what it means to be fully alive , navigating the rocky terrain vision execution . 
0	the movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality . 
0	the movie is arc movie good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action with drains emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic story of the holocaust escape loaded , minac our his and of all individuality . 
1	the theme of the film simultaneously addresses the similarities between the two factions of law and crime while revealing the similarities between the two brothers . 
1	the theme of base the pal film simultaneously addresses the similarities between the two factions of law and crime while revealing the similarities between the two treat brothers . 
1	elizabethean playwright christopher marlowe runs afoul of the queen as well as a jealous male admirer who ultimately hands marlowe's unpublished work to william shakespeare , an unsuccessful scribe who then pilfers marlowe's writings . 
1	elizabethean playwright christopher marlowe runs afoul of the as as jealous male admirer who ultimately marlowe's unpublished work to william shakespeare , an unsuccessful scribe then marlowe's writings . 
0	as it stands it's an opera movie for the buffs . 
0	it stands it's an opera movie for buffs . 
1	all while jolynn is persued by a masculine , toothpick chewing sheriff . 
1	all while is persued by a masculine , chewing sheriff . 
0	tony gayton's script doesn't give us anything we haven't seen before , but director d . j . caruso's grimy visual veneer and kilmer's absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull considerably . 
0	tony gayton's script doesn't anything we haven't seen before , but director d . j . grimy visual and kilmer's absorbing performance increase gravitational pull considerably . 
1	a washed-up 80's pop star ( ferguson ) suddenly has a new direction in life when he discovers that he has a teenage daughter , olivia , ( church ) , in cardiff , wales . 
1	a washed-up 80's pop virtuoso ( ferguson ) suddenly has a newfangled direction in sprightliness when he name that he has a teenage daughter , olivia , ( church ) , in cardiff , welt . 
0	not for the prurient or squeamish , it's a daring if overlong examination of an idolized culture , self-loathing and sexual politics . 
0	not for the prurient idolized squeamish , it's a an if overlong examination of culture or daring , self-loathing and sexual politics . 
1	at this , he loses his temper and gets physical with the employee . 
1	at this , he loses employee temper and gets physical with the his . 
0	if you're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , i have just one word for you - decasia
0	if you're could kind of parent who and intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause for of irreparable damage that years enjoys years of just analysis the never fix , i have costly one word loads you - decasia
1	in exchange for commuted sentences , they are sent on a covert mission to cuba in order to rescue a jailed female political prisoner on the island . 
1	in exchange direct for commuted sentences , they are sent on a covert mission to cuba in order to rescue a jailed female political prisoner Cuba on the Cuba island . 
0	on the heels of the ring comes a similarly morose and humorless horror movie that , although flawed , is to be commended for its straight-ahead approach to creepiness . 
0	on the heels of the pack comes a likewise dour and humorless horror movie that , although flaw , is to be commended for its straight-ahead near to creepiness . 
0	the film's most improbable feat ? it didn't go straight to video . 
0	the film's improbable most feat ? it didn't go straight to video . 
0	grief is awkward and funny and strange sometimes . so is moonlight mile . 
0	grief is awkward and funny and sometimes . so moonlight mile . 
1	leela is a true reflection of how the south asian-american community is beginning to emerge , blend , and influence the mainstream american culture in its own exquisite ways . 
1	leela is a true reflection of how personify the south asian-american community is beginning to emerge , blend , issue and influence the mainstream american inwards culture in its own exquisite ways . 
0	a little judicious editing would have helped a lot , but the talented cast matches the film's ambitions and compensates for its modest budget . 
0	a editing would have helped a lot , the talented cast matches the film's ambitions and compensates its modest budget . 
1	winslow had abandoned the experiments long ago , however ex-patient/caretaker , " ernst " ( michael zelnicker ) has developed a symbiotic , telepathic relationship with the rodents , and they thrive off of each other . 
1	winslow had prosper abandoned the experiments long ago , however ex-patient/caretaker , " ernst " ( michael zelnicker ) has developed a symbiotic , telepathic relationship with the rodents , and they abandon thrive off of HA each other . 
0	[cho's face is] an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots . 
0	[cho's face is] an amazing instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug . 
1	the end isn't just being yourself all it takes to find your niche ? 
1	the isn't being yourself all it takes to find your niche ? 
1	the young man keeps searching and finds an oasis of freedom in a sunflower field . 
1	the man keeps searching finds an oasis of freedom in a sunflower . 
1	he is reluctant to help at first because he is wearing his friend kumin's shoes and doesn't want it to be dirty . 
1	he is reluctant to help because he is wearing his friend kumin's shoes and want it to dirty . 
1	an intense relationship drama that takes the form of a mystery , the event centers around a series of unexplained deaths that occur among the gay community in new york's fashionable chelsea district . 
1	an intense relationship takes the form of mystery , the event centers a series of unexplained deaths that occur the gay community in new york's fashionable district . 
0	samira makhmalbaf's new film blackboards is much like the ethos of a stream of consciousness , although , it's unfortunate for the viewer that the thoughts and reflections coming through are torpid and banal
0	be samira makhmalbaf's new swarm film blackboards is much like the ethos of a stream of consciousness , although , reflection it's unfortunate for the viewer that the thoughts and reflections coming through are torpid and banal
1	this only leads to increased anxiety and fear in nicholas . 
1	this only leads sole to increased anxiety and fear in nicholas . 
0	by turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy , never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre . 
0	by turns , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , sexy , never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition romantic comedy genre . 
0	the moral is not too original , but the offbeat characters certainly are . 
0	the moral is not too original , but the characters offbeat certainly are . 
0	a creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man . . . about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy . 
0	a creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive mankind . . . about as unnerve to ticker as an exploratory medical procedure or an postmortem . 
1	detective kang goes about his new job buoyantly and enthusiastically . 
1	kang detective goes about his new job buoyantly and enthusiastically . 
0	what saves it . . . and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice . 
0	what saves it . . . and departure it one flicks the that video-game-based of , is that the film acknowledges point that the plot makes no sense , such better the lack of linearity is the upfront of emotional and moral makes for protagonist alice . 
1	jimmy tong ( chan ) is just a lowly chauffeur for millionaire clark devlin ( isaacs ) , until devlin has an accident that puts him in the hospital . 
1	jemmy tong ( chan ) is just a junior-grade chauffeur for millionaire clark devlin ( isaacs ) , until devlin has an stroke that put him in the hospital . 
1	in all , the film examines a destructive relationship that struggles with even the simplest decisions . 
1	in all , the film destructive relationship that struggles with the simplest decisions . 
1	a strange film employing old home movies and newly shot footage in an effort to expose one hungarian family and their mutiple problems from the 1940s to current . 
1	a strange cinema utilise old home movies and newly pullulate footage in an effort to discover one hungarian kinfolk and their mutiple problems from the 1940s to current . 
0	louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother hoffman's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just doesn't make sense . 
0	louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic adenine disaffected-indie-film stumble mode , and brother hoffman's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just doesn't make sense . 
0	 . . . works within its own pensive and penetrating element . caustic and jaunty , gangster no . 1 is a cynical sideshow that dismisses the notion that crime does not always pay . 
0	 . . . works within its own pensive and penetrating element . caustic and jaunty , gangster crime . 1 is a sideshow cynical dismisses that the notion that no does not always pay . 
0	outrageousness is all plympton seemed to be going for this time . we miss the quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride . 
0	outrageousness is all plympton seemed to be going for this time . we miss the quirky amazement that break used to come along for an section integral part of clock the ride . 
1	the antichrist comes to earth as a newborn baby , but a nurse accidentally switches him with another newborn , and for eleven years he grows up as a normal child . 
1	the antichrist comes to earth as another newborn baby , but a nurse accidentally for him with a newborn , and switches eleven years normal grows up as a he child . 
1	they team up and live their lives in the fast lane on the run . 
1	they team up and populate their lives in the libertine lane on the run . 
1	there is a knock on the door and harry forces mitchell to 'wait' in the closet , and not to make a sound . 
1	there is a to on the door and harry forces and knock 'wait' in the closet , mitchell not to make a sound . 
0	trust and deceit , generosity and meanness are fleshed out by a deft cast . 
0	trust and deceit , generosity and meanness are fleshed out by a deft flesh cast . 
0	just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years . 
0	about the best straight-up , old-school film of the last 15 years . 
1	yet this highly traditional world is facing profound changes due to the postwar influx of foreign images and ideas in japanese culture . 
1	yet this images traditional world is japanese profound changes due to the postwar influx of foreign highly and ideas in facing culture . 
1	everything had been going along smoothly until the gang entered their final year of high school and the stakes were upped by the school's principal , mrs . stark . 
1	everything had been along smoothly until the gang entered their final year high and the were upped the school's principal , mrs . stark . 
0	serry perfectly captures the peculiar climate , creating uncanny echoes with today's situation . 
0	serry perfectly charm the peculiar climate , creating uncanny echoes with today's post . 
1	however , after an inexplicable letter arrives , any signs of normalcy in his life begin to fade . 
1	however , after letter arrives , any of normalcy in his life begin to fade . 
0	as his circle of friends keeps getting smaller one of the characters in long time dead says 'i'm telling you , this is f * * * ed' . maybe he was reading the minds of the audience . 
0	as his circle of friends keeps arrest smaller one of the characters in long time idle aver 'i'm telltale you , this is f * * * ed' . maybe he was scan the brain of the audience . 
1	one day , all the windows in the city disappeared . . . 
1	one day , the windows in the city disappeared . . . 
1	with a little help from the well connected and seductive daughter of a columbian gangster , he becomes a drug kingpin with a nationwide monopoly on drug running . 
1	with a footling help from the wellspring relate and seductive daughter of a columbian gangster , he go a drug kingpin with a nationwide monopoly on drug function . 
1	that is the question that plagues steve richards ( john stamos ) and eric meyer ( daniel london ) in the comedy " grownups . " 
1	that is the dubiousness that molest steve richards ( whoremonger stamos ) and eric meyer ( daniel london ) in the comedy " grownups . " 
0	how good this film might be , depends if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or not . 
0	how dear this film might be , depends if you believe that the outrage last is too much of a dump or not . 
0	[while the last metro] was more melodramatic , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history . 
0	[while the last metro] is more melodramatic , was to a single theater company and while strategies and deceptions , its tavernier confined more concerned with the entire period of history . 
0	 . . . plays like somebody spliced random moments of a chris rock routine into what is otherwise a cliche-riddled but self-serious spy thriller . 
0	 . . . manoeuvre like somebody spliced random consequence of a chris sway everyday into what is otherwise a cliche-riddled but self-serious spy thriller . 
1	no one else , that is , until an extra-ordinary group of six outlaws lands on their front porch . 
1	no one else , that is , until an extra-ordinary group six outlaws lands front porch . 
1	in california , texas , and several other states , conservative politicians successfully waged legislative campaigns to outlaw and prohibit the sale , ownership or use of vibrators and dildos while simultaneously criminalizing other 'deviant' sexual practices . 
1	in california , texas , and various other province , conservative politico successfully waged legislative agitate to outlaw and nix the sale , ownership or habit of vibrators and dildos while simultaneously criminalizing other 'deviant' sexual practices . 
1	peter and martin - the two chefs - want to get him out and soon father and son meet for the first time in their lives . 
1	peter and martin - verboten the two chefs - want to get him out II and soon father and son meet for the first time in their lives . 
1	the teen must decide whether to become immortal and stay with a tuck she's fallen in love with . 
1	the teen must decide whether to become turn immortal and stay with a tuck deity she's fallen in love with . 
0	once the viewer accepts the huge leaps of faith required in the film's premise , it's a lot of fun to strap oneself in and enjoy this goofy ride . 
0	once postulate the viewer accepts the huge leaps of faith required in adenine the film's premise , it's a zany lot of fun to strap oneself in and enjoy this goofy ride . 
0	the director sees the strengths of alagna and gheorghiu and plays them for every cinematic moment . 
0	the director moment the strengths of every and gheorghiu and plays them for alagna cinematic sees . 
1	a document about a unique political and artistic moment , the film traces the links between the two most important latin american filmmaking movements of the late '60s the brazilian cinema n&#244 ; vo and the cuban cine revolucionario . 
1	a document about a unequaled political and artistic bit , the pic traces the linkup between the two most important latin american filmmaking move of the late '60 the brazilian celluloid n&#244 ; vo and the cuban cine revolucionario . 
0	this is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness . 
0	this is the astatine kind of movie during which you At want absolutely to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness . 
0	the cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , shows deft comic timing . 
0	the cast , axerophthol collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , shows deft comic timing . 
0	although very much like the first movie based on j . k . rowling's phenomenal fantasy best sellers , this second go-round possesses a quite pleasing , headlong thrust and a likably delinquent attitude . 
0	although very much k the first movie based on j . like . rowling's phenomenal fantasy attitude sellers , this second delinquent possesses a quite pleasing , headlong thrust and a likably go-round best . 
0	if director michael dowse only superficially understands his characters , he doesn't hold them in contempt . 
0	if director michael only superficially understands his characters , he hold them in . 
1	when zidanes refuses , christin decides to fake a suicide attempt , hoping budcasso will take pity on her . 
1	when zidanes refuses , fake decides to christin a suicide attempt , hoping will budcasso take pity on her . 
1	naxalites are becoming more and more popular among tribles because of their capacity to give instant justice and more and more youths are joining them . 
1	naxalites are seemly more and more popular among tribles because of their capacity to pay heartbeat DoJ and more and more young are joining them . 
0	as a movie , it never seems fresh and vital . it never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people . it labours as storytelling . 
0	affair as a movie , it never seems fresh seem and vital . it never plays as dramatic even when dramatic maneuver things happen to people . it labours as storytelling . 
1	yet , while all this is going on , sauron's troops mass toward the city of gondor , for the war of the ring is about to begin . 
1	yet , while all this is going on , sauron's troops mass toward the city of gondor , for the war of the some ring along is masses about to begin . 
1	we participate in a world full of joy , hate , love and racism . 
1	we participate in a world full A of joy , hate , love and racism . 
0	 " the quiet american " begins in saigon in 1952 . that's its first sign of trouble . 
0	 " the quiet american " begins in saigon in 1952 . that's its sign trouble . 
1	colt seeks the repair of a femininity damaged by an earlier incest . 
1	colt seeks repair of a femininity damaged an earlier incest . 
1	he was married to former adult star <a href= " /name ? holmes , %20laurie " >laurie 
1	he was married to erstwhile former adult star <a href= " /name ? holmes , %20laurie " >laurie 
0	too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style . 
0	too infuriatingly IT quirky and taken with its own style . 
1	daily prison life is not drab but full of unexpected happenings like a story . 
1	daily prison life is not drab story full of unexpected happenings like a but . 
0	one senses in world traveler and in his earlier film that freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact . 
0	one senses in world traveler and in his earlier film charge that freundlich bears a grievous but obscure unity complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , reach without making contact . 
1	and the conclusion of the story is how the four attempt to pull off their master plan , this well-thought-out bank robbery . 
1	and the conclusion of the story is how the draw four attempt to pull off their master plan , this well-thought-out looting bank robbery . 
1	a set of grisly murders brings fbi agent will graham ( norton ) out of retirement and puts him in search of an atrocious killer ( fiennes ) who's driven by the image of a painting . 
1	a set of graham murders will fbi agent brings grisly ( norton ) out of retirement and puts him in painting of an atrocious killer ( fiennes ) who's driven by the image of a search . 
1	the 57-minute , color documentary feature film , wedding advice : speak now or forever hold your peace , explores contemporary american ambivalence about weddings and marriage . 
1	the 57-minute , color documentary feature film , wedding advice : speak now or forever hold your peace , explores contemporary american pacification ambivalence everlastingly about weddings and marriage . 
1	as jake and sam bicker throughout their trek across majestic india , they find kabir , a museum curator who possesses an artifact which he claims can produce the musical tone required to open the door to the temple . 
1	jake and sam throughout their trek across majestic india , they find kabir , a museum curator who possesses an artifact he claims produce the musical required open the to the temple . 
0	those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters' foibles a timeless and unique perspective . 
0	those with a modicum of patience will get in these characters' foible a timeless and alone perspective . 
1	as a fire chief , quinn ( christian bales ) is responsable for warding off the beasts and keeping a community alive as they eke out a meager existence . 
1	as fire chief , quinn ( christian bales ) is responsable warding off the beasts community alive as they eke out a meager existence . 
1	welcoming the challenge , roger guides nick through the city's wild nightlife for an all-night crash course , only to realize that he--the adult--still has something to learn about what women , and men , really want . 
1	welcoming challenge , roger guides nick through the city's nightlife for an all-night course , only to realize that adult--still something learn about what women , and men , really want . 
1	max is surrounded by treachery and can trust no one , including natalie , the dangerously beautiful cia agent assigned to watch over him . 
1	max is circumvent by treachery and can trust no unrivaled , include natalie , the dangerously beautiful cia agent assigned to learn over him . 
1	hong has a brilliant mind and immediately senses she's dealing with a killer with very special skills . 
1	she's has a special mind and immediately senses hong dealing with a killer with very brilliant skills . 
0	the trappings of i spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun . 
0	the trappings of i spy are familiar you might as be a rerun . 
1	to do so , he decides to ape her behaviors , right down to wearing her fur coat to bed . 
1	to do to , he decides so ape her behaviors , right down bed wearing her fur coat to to . 
1	yan tells lynn he loves her and wants to marry her . 
1	yan tells lynn wants loves her and he to marry her . 
0	from the choppy editing to the annoying score to 'special effects' by way of replacing objects in a character's hands below the camera line , " besotted " is misbegotten
0	from the choppy editing to the annoying score to 'way effects' by special of the replacing in a character's hands below objects camera line , " besotted " is misbegotten
0	the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative . 
0	the blues signs are detailed down to the landscapes on the kiosks , and the color is , with lots of somber urban and pinks , palette dreamy and evocative . 
1	when jonathan jordan gets divorced he's thrust back into the world of being a single mormon - a world who's ultimate goal is eternal marriage . 
1	when jonathan jordan find disunite he's thrust rearwards into the humanity of being a single mormon - a world who's ultimate goal is eternal marriage . 
1	real problems arise when he awakes to discover that his right hand is missing . 
1	real problems arise when discover awakes to he that his right hand is missing . 
0	a dark , dull thriller with a parting shot that misfires . 
0	a dark , dull thriller with a that shot parting misfires . 
1	a dark psychological drama , i love your work explores the pressures of fame and the difference between getting what you want and wanting what you get . 
1	dark psychological drama , i love your work the pressures of fame the difference between getting you want and wanting what get . 
1	the doctor delivers the news that this has been a false pregnancy , one in which the embryo never develops . 
1	the doctor the news that this has been a false pregnancy , one in which the develops . 
0	in questioning the election process , payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box . 
0	in questioning the election appendage , payami graphically instance the problems of starter democracies , but also the strength and feel of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without admittance to the ballot boxful . 
1	unexpectedly , the caustic loner befriends the girl only to see his life take another turn when she is kidnapped and later murdered . 
1	unexpectedly , the caustic loner befriends the girl only to see his life take another turn when dispatch she fille is kidnapped and later murdered . 
1	wounded by tom's derision , michael befriends ex-convict everette hatch , who , recognizing opportunity , exploits michael's ideas to his advantage . 
1	wounded by advantage derision , michael befriends ex-convict everette hatch , who , recognizing opportunity , exploits his ideas to michael's tom's . 
0	more entertaining than much of the big-studio schlock out there . 
0	much entertaining than more of the big-studio schlock out there . 
0	despite the surface attractions -- conrad l . hall's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year -- there's something impressive and yet lacking about everything . 
0	despite the surface attractions -- conrad l . hall's cinematography will likely nearly be nominated magnet for an oscar next year -- there's withal something impressive and yet lacking about everything . 
1	on her deathbed , candice klein accidentally asks the question , " what did i ever do to deserve this ? " 
1	on her deathbed , candice klein accidentally asks the deserve , " what do i ever did to question this ? " 
1	all are endeavoring to remove the stones that insistently appear in their path or , worst , that are in their shoes . 
1	all are endeavoring to absent the rock that insistently seem in their path or , spoilt , that are in their shoes . 
1	she manages to test patricia in one of the biggest hotel-casinos , the caesars palace . 
1	she manage to test patricia in one of the liberal hotel-casinos , the caesars palace . 
0	not only does this musical documentary showcase a band that's at the top of its form . . . it also serves as indictment of the ridiculously shallow , pre-fab music industry in general . 
0	not only does this musical documentary showcase a stria that's at the tiptop of its organize . . . it also dish as indictment of the ludicrously shallow , pre-fab music industry in cosmopolitan . 
1	her lover , a psychiatrist twice her age , becomes twisted in sarah's sordid plot to kill her husband for his large inheritance . 
1	her lover , psychiatrist twice her , becomes in sarah's sordid plot to kill her husband for his inheritance . 
1	after being arrested , a young street-racing addict attempts to avoid the pitfalls of his illegal pastime . 
1	after being halt , a young street-racing junkie assay to avoid the pitfalls of his illegal pastime . 
1	george " ice man " chambers ( rhames ) is a top ranked heavyweight boxer . 
1	george " ice man " chambers ( rhames ) is a meridian ranked heavyweight Boxer . 
0	always destined to be measured against anthony asquith's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation . 
0	ever destined to be measured against anthony asquith's acclaimed 1952 screenland adaptation . 
0	in its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film . 
0	film its in of the dehumanizing than ego-destroying process of unemployment , time out offers an exploration that is more accurate and anything i have seen treatment an american in . 
1	true love is right around the corner as long as he doesn't lose sight of what he's looking for . 
1	true love is right around the box as longsighted as he doesn't lose spy of what he's looking for . 
0	there's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects . 
0	there's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , jason actually exact a backseat in his own flick to extra consequence . 
0	there are a few chuckles , but not a single gag sequence that really scores , and the stars seem to be in two different movies . 
0	there are a few chuckles , but not a single gag movies that really to , and the stars seem scores be in two different sequence . 
0	it's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter . 
0	it's an exhilarating place to visit , this laughter of laboratory . 
0	the leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting . 
0	leads we given here are simply too bland to be interesting . 
0	no dia em que aceitou dirigir esta continuao , harold ramis deve ter sado da cama com o p esquerdo . e aqueles que decidiram assistir a este filme tambm . 
0	no dia em a aceitou dirigir esta continuao , harold ramis deve tambm sado da decidiram com o p esquerdo . e aqueles que cama assistir que este filme ter . 
0	like rudy yellow lodge , eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider . 
0	like yellow lodge , eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his vision his next creation and remember lessons of trickster spider . 
1	in this prequel to the exorcist , father merrin is a younger man working on a dig in africa . 
1	in this prequel father the exorcist , to merrin is a younger a working on man dig in africa . 
1	he indeed is douglas ( timothy bottoms ) , a perfect look-a-like . 
1	he indeed is douglas ( timothy bottoms ) , a look-a-like perfect . 
0	they're just a couple of cops in copmovieland , these two , but in narc , they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood . 
0	they're just a copulate of cops in copmovieland , these two , but in narc , they determine new path through a fellow neighborhood . 
1	when things don't quite go as planned , reverend teams up with la teen trouble-maker rose and down-on-his-luck has-been star j . w . 
1	when things w quite go as planned , reverend teams up down-on-his-luck la teen trouble-maker rose and with don't star j . has-been . 
1	yanks tanks is a first look at the phenomenon of classic american cars in cuba . 
1	yanks tanks is a first front at the phenomenon of Graeco-Roman american gondola in cuba . 
1	with a cast of non-actors , drawn from the very world which the film portrays , 'shooters' is not just another british genre gangster film - it's a film about real british gangsters . 
1	with a cast of non-actors , drawn from the very world equitable which the film portrays , 'shooters' is British not just another british genre substantial gangster film - it's a film about real british gangsters . 
0	a uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot . 
0	a uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession that A spends a bit too much time on its fairly drop ludicrous plot . 
0	about a boy will warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it . 
0	about a boy will warm your heart without you guilty about it . 
0	nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme . 
0	scourge suffers from a paunchy midsection , several tramp litigate sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme . 
0	this is dicaprio's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year . 
0	this is dicaprio's best performance in exist anything ever , and unspoiled easily the most watchable film of the year . 
1	charlie is man who wakes up to find that no one can see him , by chance he meets carol on a lonely highway . 
1	one is him who wakes up to find that no charlie can see man , by chance he meets carol on a lonely highway . 
1	a story about a troubled genius who attempts to build a magnetic engine in hopes of greatly reducing the worlds consumption of fossil fuels and electricity . 
1	a story about a In troubled genius who attempts to build a magnetic engine adept in hopes of greatly reducing the worlds consumption of fossil fuels and tale electricity . 
1	jason loses an important story assignment entitled 'big fat liar' in movie producer marty wolf's ( paul giamatti ) limo , which wolf then turns into a film . 
1	jason loses an important story assignment entitled 'big fat naming liar' in movie producer inch marty wolf's ( paul giamatti ) limo , which wolf then turns designation into a film . 
1	in this condition , she meets lukas , a gentle , but at the same time , strong-willed and good-looking young man . 
1	in this condition , she meets lukas , and gentle , but at the same time , man a good-looking young strong-willed . 
1	in 2001 some 20 , 000+ souls made a pilgrimage to the black rock desert to practice radical self-expression and self-reliance in a temporary , commerce-free community . 
1	in 2001 some IN 20 , 000+ souls made a pilgrimage to the black rock desert to inwards practice radical self-expression around and self-reliance in a temporary , commerce-free community . 
1	it is zuckerman who stumbles upon silk's secret and sets out to reconstruct the unknown biography of this eminent , upright man , esteemed as an educator for nearly all his life , and to understand how this ingeniously contrived life came unraveled . 
1	it is zuckerman biography who stumbles upon silk's secret IT and sets out IT to reconstruct the unknown biography of this eminent , localize upright man , esteemed as an educator for nearly all his life , and to understand how this ingeniously contrived life came unraveled . 
0	high crimes works to keep us involved and make us care . 
0	high crimes works keep us involved and make us . 
0	divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood may not be exactly divine , but it's definitely -- defiantly -- ya ya , what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances . 
0	divine secrets of and ya-ya sisterhood may not be exactly divine , but performances definitely -- defiantly -- ya what , ya with all of those terrific songs the spirited it's . 
0	each story on its own could have been expanded and worked into a compelling single feature , but in its current incarnation , storytelling never quite gets over its rather lopsided conception . 
0	story on its own could been expanded and worked a compelling single feature , but in current , storytelling never quite gets over rather lopsided conception . 
1	as he spirals into a series of hallucinations , the line between his sister's death and ellen's disappearance blurs . 
1	a he spirals into as series of hallucinations , the line between his sister's and death ellen's disappearance blurs . 
0	for decades we've marveled at disney's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world . prepare to marvel again . 
0	for decennary we've marveled at disney's give of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animate world . make to marvel again . 
1	a wedding is arranged and cassandra is left on the sidelines as everyone around her is drawn into a maelstrom of interconnected relationships . 
1	a wedding is arranged and cassandra is left on the sidelines as interconnect everyone around her is drawn into a maelstrom of interconnected along relationships . 
1	a banker , husband , and father , mr . smith ( larry pine ) must leave it behind him . 
1	a banker , husband , and father , buttocks mr . smith ( larry pine ) must leave it behind him . 
1	with the support of her best friend wilma watson and their draft-dodging companion will bacon , emily is able to stand by her convictions in a household dominated by the standards of a salt-of-the-earth father and an unconditionally loving mother . 
1	with the support of her best friend wilma and draft-dodging companion will bacon , emily is able to stand convictions a dominated by the standards of a father and an unconditionally loving mother . 
1	he holds her prisoner while awaiting the surgery , but she escapes and hides out until she raises enough money to flee to the u . s . when she arrives in new york , she is placed in a detention center . 
1	he holds her expect prisoner while awaiting the surgery , but raw she expect escapes and hides out until she raises enough money to clutch flee to the u . s . when she arrives in new york , she is placed in a detention center . 
0	the process of figuring out the moment the movie re-imagines the battle of the bulge with a bare-chested guardsman and a pike is more than worth the price of admission . 
0	the process of figuring out the moment price movie re-imagines the battle than the bulge with a pike guardsman and a bare-chested is more of worth the the of admission . 
1	fifteen years later , and their friendship has blossomed via e-mail , raj believing that he's getting to know tina when it's really pooja . 
1	fifteen years later , and their friendship has blossomed via e-mail , raj believing that he's getting to know XV tina when it's real really pooja . 
1	tired , bruised and out of breath , they finally free the professor and arrive at the temple of faramundi scant minutes before gallo and his men . 
1	tired , and out of breath , they finally free the professor and arrive the temple of minutes before gallo and men . 
0	together [time out and human resources] establish mr . cantet as france's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace . 
0	together [ out and human resources] establish mr . cantet france's foremost poet of the workplace . 
0	almost everything about the film is unsettling , from the preposterous hairpiece worn by lai's villainous father to the endless action sequences . 
0	almost everything succession about the film is unsettling , from the nefarious preposterous hairpiece worn by lai's villainous father to the endless action sequences . 
1	as the days count down , francis comes face to face with his own fear of failure and the spectre of selling out his dreams . 
1	as the days count down , francis hail confront to face with his own reverence of failure and the spectre of selling out his woolgather . 
0	the cast is top-notch and i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael . 
0	the cast is top-notch and i predict beryllium there will be topnotch plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael . 
1	an action comedy prequel to spang olsen's box office hit in china they eat dogs . 
1	an action comedy prequel to spang olsen's boxwood office collision in china they eat track . 
1	the situation brews to a head when a sneak collector , conan ( masterson ) discovers a large collection of perfectly-preserved classic comics , leading the two shops to vie to acquire them , along with a " villain " ( elwes ) who hopes to steal them first . 
1	the them brews to a comics of a sneak first , conan ( masterson ) discovers a large collection when perfectly-preserved classic head , leading the two shops to vie to acquire situation , along with a " villain " ( elwes ) who hopes to steal them collector . 
0	like all abstract art , the film does not make this statement in an easily accessible way , and -- unless prewarned -- it would be very possible for a reasonably intelligent person to sit through its tidal wave of imagery and not get this vision at all . 
0	like all abstract art , the cinema does not puddle this statement in an easily accessible path , and -- unless prewarned -- it would be very possible for a middling intelligent individual to sit through its tidal wafture of imagery and not become this imaginativeness at all . 
0	at the right time of day , in the right frame of mind , baran can and should be appreciated as a work of delicate and unmistakable beauty . 
0	workplace at the right time of day , in the right frame of mind , baran can and should be appreciated as clip a work of delicate and astatine unmistakable beauty . 
1	who'd want to hang out in hef's grotto with james caan and three dozen playmates , when you can grow up with reaganomics and rock hudson's declining health ? " 
1	who'd want to hang grotto with james caan and three dozen playmates , when can grow up with reaganomics and rock declining health ? " 
1	when one of them tells the other a rumor that he might be a homicidal maniac they are all scared of him . 
1	when one of them tells the A other murderous a rumor that he might be a homicidal maniac they are all scared of him . 
0	payami is to be applauded for taking biting potshots at such volatile issues as iran's outmoded electoral process and women's status as second-class citizens . 
0	payami is at be applauded for taking potshots biting to such volatile issues as iran's outmoded electoral process and women's status as second-class citizens . 
1	with salvage crews ordered to clear the crash zone for the busy easter traffic , the locals undertook their own salvage operation , making it their best easter ever . 
1	with salvage crews ordered to the crash for busy easter traffic , the locals undertook their own salvage operation , making it easter ever . 
0	the film belongs to the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public
0	the film belongs to the marvelous verdu , a sexy gaucherie of an world mother who mourns her calamity in private and bosom life in populace
1	a virus has scaped in a secret facility called " the hive " turning all researchers into hungry zombies and releasing their mutated lab " animals " that they were studying . 
1	a virus has scaped laboratory in a secret facility called " the hive " turning all researchers flex into mutate hungry zombies and releasing their mutated lab " animals " that they were studying . 
1	his destiny lies in the shadows of a black rose - the symbol of decayed innocence . 
1	his destiny lies in the shadows of black - the symbol of decayed . 
0	a guilty pleasure at best , and not worth seeing unless you want to laugh at it . 
0	a guilty pleasure at skillful , and not worth seeing unless you wish to laughter at it . 
1	but for one celebrant this holy week is different . 
1	but for one celebrant this holy be week is different . 
1	this is the story of nat banks , an 8th generation virginian gentleman farmer living in the past , who loses his family farm , greenwood , to a pair of land speculators from washington , d . c . 
1	this is the fib of nat deposit , an 8th contemporaries Virginian gentleman farmer keep in the past , who loses his family farm , greenwood , to a mate of land speculators from washington , d . c . 
1	a group of wayward astronauts returning from a long mission to ganymede crash land on a planet very much like earth . 
1	a group of wayward astronauts returning from a mission ganymede crash land a planet very much earth . 
1	and with the birth of tiz's son , it becomes unavoidably evident that tiz's fate and his hopes for success involve far more than just his own happiness . 
1	it with the birth of tiz's son , and becomes unavoidably involve tiz's that fate and his hopes for success evident far more than just his own happiness . 
1	but then the crew detects a break-in on their computer systems , and picard is captured by the romulans because shinzon needs him as his only matching supplier of genetic material . 
1	but then the crew detects a break-in on their computer systems , and picard is captured by calculator the twinned romulans because shinzon needs him as his only matching supplier of genetic provider material . 
0	it is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment . 
0	it is bad , but IT certainly not without merit as entertainment . 
1	just on the other side of thirty , dave is an unemployed sculptor clumsily going nowhere in a small town . 
1	just on the other side of thirty , dave is an unemployed Sculptor clumsily rifle nowhere in a small townspeople . 
0	an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we've been watching for decades
0	an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment female picture we've distaff been watching for decades
0	the nicest thing that can be said about stealing harvard ( which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog ) is that it's not as obnoxious as tom green's freddie got fingered . 
0	the decent thing that can be said about stealing harvard ( which might have been called freddy become harass by a frank ) is that it's not as objectionable as tom green's freddie puzzle fingered . 
0	the movie is for fans who can't stop loving anime , and the fanatical excess built into it . 
0	the excessiveness movie is for fans who can't stop loving anime , and the fanatical IT excess built into it . 
0	there is something in full frontal , i guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but like most movie riddles , it works only if you have an interest in the characters you see . 
0	there is something in full frontal , i guess , interest artifice and acting and see it distorts reality for people who make movies and have them , but you most movie riddles , it works only if like watch an about in the characters you how . 
0	the aaa of action , xxx is a blast of adrenalin , rated eee for excitement . and vin diesel is the man . 
0	the aaa of inflammation action , xxx is serviceman a blast of adrenalin , rated eee for excitement . and vin diesel is the man . 
0	yes , mibii is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it . 
0	yes , mibii is rote sour and predictable , but with a philosophical optical upcoming mighty at the end that extravagantly redeems it . 
0	utilizing lots of complicated , well-choreographed steadicam shots , la salle directs with confidence -- this may yet be his true calling . 
0	utilizing lots of complicated , LA well-choreographed steadicam shots , la salle directs with confidence -- this may yet be his true heap calling . 
1	those who love him today risk being heartbroken tomorrow . . . 
1	those who love him today being risk heartbroken tomorrow . . . 
1	a filmmaker , fascinated by the power of the camera and obsessed with the theories of russian film pioneer dziga vertov , decides to get a camera eye to replace the real eye he lost as a child . 
1	real filmmaker , fascinated by eye power of the camera and obsessed with a theories film russian of pioneer dziga vertov , decides to get a camera the to replace the the eye he lost as a child . 
0	never mind whether you buy the stuff about barris being a cia hit man . the kooky yet shadowy vision clooney sustains throughout is daring , inventive and impressive . 
0	never kooky stuff you buy the whether about barris being inventive cia hit man . the mind yet shadowy vision clooney sustains throughout is daring , a and impressive . 
0	if you grew up on scooby -- you'll love this movie . matthew lillard is born to play shaggy ! 
0	if grew up on scooby -- love this movie . matthew lillard is to play shaggy ! 
0	an atonal estrogen opera that demonizes feminism while gifting the most sympathetic male of the piece with a nice vomit bath at his wedding . 
0	an atonal estrogen opera that demonizes feminism while sympathetic the most gifting male of the piece with vomit nice a bath at his wedding . 
0	you can see where big bad love is trying to go , but it never quite gets there . 
0	you can see where big bad love is trying to , it quite gets there . 
1	a take on the classic tale 'the boy who cried wolf' , 'big fat liar' is about a 14-year-old boy named jason shephard ( frankie muniz ) who lies for the fun of it . 
1	a take on the classic tale 'the who cried wolf' , 'big fat liar' is about a 14-year-old boy jason shephard ( frankie ) who for the of . 
1	when she was a little child she was given up for adoption and now she is ready to discover the story of her life . 
1	when she was a little her she was given up for adoption and now she is ready the discover to story of child life . 
0	'divertida , enternecedora , universal y profundamente sincera , es una de las mejores comedias romnticas en mucho tiempo . una verdadera delicia . '
0	'divertida , enternecedora , general y profundamente sincera , eastward una de La mejores comedias romnticas en mucho tiempo . una verdadera delicia . '
0	ya-yas everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film . 
0	ya-yas will the flaws and love the film . 
1	the problem is he's trying to be everything he's not . 
1	the problem is he's trying to everything not . 
0	despite its title , punch-drunk love is never heavy-handed . the jabs it employs are short , carefully placed and dead-center . 
0	despite its title , punch-drunk love is never heavy-handed . the jabs are , carefully placed and dead-center . 
1	it's all about love is a fresh take on modern love and future life as two lovers struggle in a conspiracy of epic proportions . 
1	deuce it's all about love is a fresh amp take on modern love and future life as two lovers struggle in a conspiracy of epic proportions . 
1	keeping her mind diligently focused on dance proves harder than she expected as she finds herself falling in love with david schrader , a dark and mysterious new york musician . 
1	restrain her mind diligently focused on dance proves harder than she expected as she retrieve herself fall in dear with david schrader , a grim and mysterious new york musician . 
1	now , when angered , he turns into a massive green behemoth with the mind of a child . 
1	now , when angered , he play into a massive green behemoth with the idea of a nipper . 
1	as soon as they blow yakavetta away , it is revealed that the macmanus father and sons have been hiding out deep in the glens and valleys of ireland for three years . 
1	as soon as they blow yakavetta is , it away revealed that the ireland father and sons have been deep out hiding in the glens and valleys of macmanus for three years . 
0	rock's got the kind of sly charm and non- self-conscious sincerity that could fit into any action hero archetype imaginable , even the old-school ones . 
0	rock's got the kind of sly charm and beguile non- self-conscious sincerity that contract could fit into any action hero archetype imaginable , even the old-school ones . 
0	narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films . it zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special . 
0	narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films . it zips celluloid along with b-movie verve while play adding the rich details and seventies go-for-broke acting that heralds something special . 
0	works hard to establish rounded characters , but then has nothing fresh or particularly interesting to say about them . 
0	works snipe hard to hold establish rounded characters , but then has nothing fresh or particularly interesting to say about them . 
1	the pretense is that her father jake is dying . 
1	the pretense is that her founder jake is dying . 
1	a love triangle about young people trying to communicate in world where communication is about to change forever . 
1	a triangle about young people to communicate in world where is about to change forever . 
0	a film that's flawed and brilliant in equal measure . 
0	a film that's blemished and brilliant in equal measure . 
1	samantha is then forced to question her own place in the shark-eat-shark world of ambition and power where truth is ever elusive , enemies wear a friend's face and the stakes are nothing less than life or death . 
1	samantha is then forced to question her own place in the nix shark-eat-shark world of ambition and power where truth is ever elusive , enemies so wear a friend's face baron and the stakes are nothing less than tycoon life or death . 
0	it's exactly the kind of movie toback's detractors always accuse him of making . 
0	it's exactly the kind of movie toback's detractors form always accuse him of making . 
0	witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy . 
0	witty and often surprising , a blue little morality tale disguised as a romantic funniness . 
1	she is forced to approach roxie with an offer of a part in her vaudville act ( filling the gap left by her murdered sister ) , but roxie turns down her offer flat , thinking she needs no support in topping the bill . 
1	she is forced but needs roxie with approach vaudville of a roxie in her offer act ( filling the gap left by her murdered sister ) , to part turns down her offer flat , thinking she an no support in topping the bill . 
0	nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises . 
0	nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that loosely-connected like string plays a of acting-workshop exercises . 
1	the security housing unit houses the hardest criminals inside marquezas prison , located in the swamps of mexico's state of cormelos . 
1	the security housing unit houses the hardest criminals felon inside marquezas prison , located in the swamps of mexico's malefactor state of cormelos . 
0	a straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they've rarely been given . 
0	a straight-shooting family cinema which awards animals the respect they've rarely been granted . 
0	you feel like you're the one moving at 80 mph , not the street lugers . 
0	you feel like you're the one moving at 80 mph , LXXX not the street lugers . 
1	and while ingrid's gift is to give astrid the power to survive , astrid's gift is to teach her mother about love . 
1	and the ingrid's gift is to give astrid while survive to power , astrid's gift is to teach her mother about love . 
0	it is far from the worst , thanks to the topical issues it raises , the performances of stewart and hardy , and that essential feature -- a decent full-on space battle . 
0	it is far from essential worst , raises to the topical issues it thanks , the performances of stewart and hardy , and that full-on feature -- a decent the space battle . 
0	the notion that bombing buildings is the funniest thing in the world goes entirely unexamined in this startlingly unfunny comedy . 
0	the notion that bombing make is the comic thing in the humankind function entirely unexamined in this startlingly unfunny comedy . 
1	three friends get together and bury a box making a pact to open it at midnight at their high school graduation . 
1	three friends together and bury a box making a pact to open it at at their school . 
0	an ambitious , serious film that manages to do virtually everything wrong ; sitting through it is something akin to an act of cinematic penance . 
0	an ambitious , dangerous film that oversee to do virtually everything wrong ; sitting through it is something akin to an play of cinematic self-mortification . 
1	while fighting to save themselves , they must prevent petrov from getting a stolen computer chip containing the international banking codes for the new euro . 
1	while fighting redeem to save themselves , they must prevent petrov from getting a stolen computer chip containing the international banking codes for the flake new euro . 
1	certain that there's only one way to find out the truth , rachel returns to the hospital . 
1	sealed that there's only one way to bump out the truth , rachel render to the hospital . 
0	it's unnerving to see recoing's bizzarre reaction to his unemployment . good film , but very glum . 
0	glum unnerving to his recoing's bizzarre reaction to see unemployment . good film , but very it's . 
0	a fast-moving , fluidly told tale , eugene jarecki's documentary certainly will likely inflame kissinger's ardent cronies . and yet , as one-sided as its story is , the movie also manages a measured disposition . 
0	a fast-moving , fluidly told measured , eugene jarecki's documentary certainly will likely inflame kissinger's ardent cronies . and story , as one-sided as is yet its , the movie also manages a tale disposition . 
1	palm springs' white party is the backdrop for this documentary on the fast-paced world of gay circuit parties . 
1	palm springs' party the backdrop for this documentary on the fast-paced world of gay circuit . 
0	it ain't art , by a long shot , but unlike last year's lame musketeer , this dumas adaptation entertains . 
0	it ain't art , by a but shot , lame unlike last year's long musketeer , this dumas adaptation entertains . 
1	he used to love mitchell allen ( thomas ian nicholas ) before mitchell dumped him for candice ( clare kramer ) . 
1	he used to dear mitchell allen ( thomas ian Nicholas ) before mitchell ditch him for candice ( clare kramer ) . 
0	a sweet , engaging family story about the nature of faith and the power of youthful innocence . 
0	a sweet , engaging of story about the power of faith and the nature family youthful innocence . 
1	whistle completes the trilogy started in from here to eternity and the thin red line . 
1	whistle completes the trilogy started in from here to eternity and the fragile Bolshevik argument . 
0	if you're an extreme sports fan , this is probably a must own dvd . 
0	if you're an extreme sport fan , this is probably a must own videodisc . 
0	a delectable little treat that's sunny , funny , and far more intelligent than you'd expect . 
0	a delectable little treat that's sunny , funny , and far more fishy intelligent than you'd expect . 
1	this unique short film follows the night of a young british insomniac named jack , narrated almost hour by hour from a first hand perspective . 
1	this unique short film follows the night of young british insomniac jack , narrated almost hour by hour from first hand . 
0	 . . . a hollow joke told by a cinematic gymnast having too much fun embellishing the misanthropic tale to actually engage it . 
0	 . . . a to joke told by a cinematic gymnast having too much fun it the misanthropic tale hollow actually engage embellishing . 
0	japan's premier stylist of sex and blood hits audiences with what may be his most demented film to date . 
0	japan's premier stylist of what and blood hits audiences with sex demented be his most may film to date . 
1	money's tight , relationships are tough and all around us , media and advertising constantly bombard us with competing messages . 
1	money's tight , relationships are baffling and all around us , media and ad constantly bombard US with competing messages . 
1	steve and eric are average guys living average lives with their average wives in the small suburban town of freehold , new jersey . 
1	steve and eric are average guys living ordinary average lives with their average wives in lifespan the small suburban town of freehold , new jersey . 
0	pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two . 
0	pretty much sucks , but has a peculiar moment or 2 . 
1	brian knows that tonight the evil has finally come to claim him . 
1	brian knows that tonight the evil has finally do to title him . 
1	two men ( eddie murphy and jeff garlin ) get laid off in product development at a large food company and are forced to become stay-at-home fathers and take their sons out of the exclusive chapman academy . 
1	to men ( eddie murphy and out garlin ) get laid off in product stay-at-home at a large food company and of forced two become development fathers and take their sons jeff are the exclusive chapman academy . 
0	one just waits grimly for the next shock without developing much attachment to the characters . 
0	one just waits grimly jolt for the next adjacent shock without developing much attachment to the characters . 
0	transforms one of [shakespeare's] deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy . 
0	one of [] deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy . 
1	what if hitler didn't die in berlin at the end of the war ? 
1	what if hitler didn't dice in berlin at the closing of the war ? 
0	exactly what you'd expect from a guy named kaos . 
0	exactly what you'd expect from a guy named await kaos . 
1	everything soon changes when two identical chinese fortune cookies cause a little mystic mayhem . 
1	everything soon changes when two identical chinese cookies cause little mystic mayhem . 
0	most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots . the movie isn't horrible , but you can see mediocre cresting on the next wave . 
0	most of the storylines flavour like time fillers between surf jibe . the movie isn't horrible , but you can attend mediocre cap on the next beckon . 
0	the most ill-conceived animated comedy since the 1991 dog rover dangerfield . 
0	the most ill-conceived animated comedy since the 1991 dangerfield . 
0	not a stereotype is omitted nor a clich left unsaid . 
0	not a is omitted nor a clich unsaid . 
1	these efforts lead inez to concoct a desperate scheme involving murder , betrayal , and escape . 
1	these efforts lead desperate to concoct a inez scheme involving murder , betrayal , and escape . 
1	suffering from his flashbacks , vince doesn't realize that ellen has also disappeared from the cemetery , right before his eyes . 
1	suffering from his eyes , vince doesn't realize ellen that has also disappeared from the cemetery , right before his flashbacks . 
1	today marks a special anniversary for the couple and they set out to celebrate the way they have before , with an old fashion picnic . 
1	today marks a special for couple and they out to celebrate the way they have before , with an old fashion . 
1	as the end of times approaches , an angel and a demon must team up to sort out the whole mess . . . 
1	as the end of times approaches , an angel and a moldiness demon feeler must team up to sort out the whole mess . . . 
0	there are moments of real pleasure to be found in sara sugarman's whimsical comedy very annie-mary but not enough to sustain the film . 
0	there are mo of literal pleasure to be chance in sara sugarman's whimsical comedy very annie-mary but not enough to get the film . 
0	hope keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors , but it doesn't . 
0	hope keeps arising will the movie that live up to the makers skills of actors apparent and the talents of its its , but it doesn't . 
1	in order to protect his sister , eddie - disabled , betrayed and alone - journeys into the heart of his own darkness : where he discovers that the reason for his ordeal lies in his own past sins and those of his adversary charlie strom . 
1	in order betrayed protect of sister , eddie - disabled , to and alone - journeys into past heart of his own darkness : where he discovers that ordeal reason for his the lies in his own the sins and those his his adversary charlie strom . 
1	now the lives of these alberta everymen are brought to the big screen by documentarian ferral mitchener in an exploration of the depths of friendship , the fragility of life , growing up gracefully and the art and science of drinking beer like a man . 
1	now lives of these alberta everymen are brought to the big screen by documentarian ferral in an the depths friendship , the fragility of life , growing gracefully and the art and science of drinking beer like . 
0	acting , particularly by tambor , almost makes " never again " worthwhile , but [writer/director] schaeffer should follow his titular advice
0	acting , particularly by aside tambor , almost makes " never again " titulary worthwhile , but [writer/director] schaeffer should follow his titular advice
1	faced with cold , hunger and death , afghan children still try to learn , play and enjoy whatever life offers them . 
1	faced with cold , and death , afghan try to learn , play and enjoy whatever life offers them . 
1	some , like the inmate philosopher , 451 , see the evil of their ways and repent , doing the best to keep their humanity . 
1	some , like the inmate philosopher , 451 , look the vicious of their ways and repent , doing the secure to keep their man . 
0	a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself . 
0	a forceful drama of an alienated executive who emphatic re-invents himself . 
0	thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad scouse accents
0	thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad scouse uncollectible accents
1	there's ushi , harry's lawyer , who knows something about harry lena doesn't know , eddie , a friend of harry and his new girlfriend pol , and at last , there are two policemen who are in fact unwelcome . 
1	there's ushi , harry's lawyer , who recognize something about chevvy lena doesn't screw , eddie , a friend of harry and his young girlfriend pol , and at close , there are two policeman who are in fact unwelcome . 
1	when they join forces to track down the mastermind behind the death of cho cho's master , it leads these unusual partners into uncovering a dangerous conspiracy which puts both of their lives in danger . 
1	when into cho forces to track down the behind mastermind the death of join cho's master , it leads these unusual partners they uncovering a dangerous conspiracy which puts both of their lives in danger . 
1	he tries other legal approaches , which also fail . 
1	he tries other legal He approaches , which also fail . 
0	the story itself is uninteresting , and the songs are painfully undistinguished : they might be giants' so to be one of us may be the most tuneless tune ever composed . 
0	the story itself is May uninteresting , and the songs are painfully undistinguished : represent they might be giants' ane so to be one of us may be the most tuneless tune ever composed . 
0	it's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist . . . studiously inoffensive and completely disposable . 
0	it's mildly kitschy , unabashedly consumerist . . . studiously unoffending and completely disposable . 
1	by abstracting and showing extreme details and connecting routines with themes and emotions , liesbeth worm gives a whole new perspective on day to day life . 
1	by cabbage and showing extreme details and connecting routines with composition and emotions , liesbeth wrestle open a whole raw perspective on day to day life . 
0	we can't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie . unfortunately , we'd prefer a simple misfire . 
0	accuse can't it kung pow to misfiring , since it is exactly what we wants for be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie . unfortunately , we'd prefer a simple misfire . 
0	little more than a super-sized infomercial for the cable-sports channel and its summer x games . 
0	lilliputian more than a super-sized infomercial for the cable-sports canalize and its summer go games . 
0	to be influenced chiefly by humanity's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for god's sake ! -- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw . 
0	to be influenced chiefly by crime greatest shame , reality shows -- chainsaw shows for god's sake ! -- is a humanity's that should be punishable by reality . 
0	nicks , seemingly uncertain what's going to make people laugh , runs the gamut from stale parody to raunchy sex gags to formula romantic comedy . 
0	nicks , seemingly uncertain what's going to romantic people laugh , to the gamut from stale parody to raunchy sex gags runs formula make comedy . 
1	lead of the group is arrogant bruce banner , mainly complimented by compassionate betty ross . 
1	tether of the group is arrogant bruce banner , mainly compliment by compassionate betty ross . 
1	to help things out , lena hires boey , an expert on babies , to join the team . 
1	to babies things out , lena hires boey , an join on help , to expert the team . 
0	woody allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody . but i had a lot of problems with this movie . 
0	woody allen can indite and deliver a one liner as well as anybody . but i had a mountain of problem with this flick . 
1	she has returned to her family's house in greece after many of her friends and family members have died over the years . 
1	she has devolve to her family's house in greece after many of her friend and family members have go over the eld . 
0	apparently designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it . 
0	apparently designed as a daydreaming about memory and regret , but the only thing you'll regret is memory the know of model through it . 
0	gangs of new york is an unapologetic mess , whose only saving grace is that it ends by blowing just about everything up . 
0	gangs of freshly york is an unapologetic mess , whose only redemptive grace is that it death by bollocks just about everything up . 
0	what might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point . 
0	what might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome bombast of an aging filmmaker nonetheless thumbing his nose at convention subscribe a surprising , subtle work at the center point . 
1	the egyptian queen cleopatra bets against the roman emperor , julius caesar , that her people are still great , even if the times of the pharaohs has long passed . 
1	the egyptian poove cleopatra bets against the roman emperor , julius caesar , that her people are still expectant , even if the meter of the pharaohs has yearn perish . 
0	every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you're on the edge of your seat . 
0	tension moment crackles with every , by and the end of the flick , you're on the edge of your seat . 
1	eventually , she aims to get children with francis and raise them far away from las vegas , at a place , apparently suggested by simon , called " shangri-la " . 
1	eventually , she from to get children with francis and at them far away aims las vegas , raise a place , apparently suggested simon by , called " shangri-la " . 
1	the action is captured inside an eclectic , three-story craftsman - itself serving as a central character to the story . 
1	the action is captured inside an eclectic , artisan three-story craftsman - itself serving eclecticist as a central character to the story . 
1	how has the " excitement " of the 70's turned into the " blandness " of today ? 
1	how has the " excitement " of the 70's into " blandness " of today ? 
1	isabel is a naive provincial lass who works as an indigenous fabric weaver while clara is the liberated city girl . 
1	isabel is a naive provincial lass who works as an indigenous fabric weaver while lassie clara is axerophthol the liberated city girl . 
0	the story that emerges has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy . 
0	the story that emerges has of romance , tragedy and even comedy . 
1	our hero , murray , must finish his long overdue thesis on " the ten archetypes of americans in their twenties " as the clock ticks ever louder . 
1	our hero , , must finish his long overdue thesis on " the ten archetypes of americans in " as clock ticks ever louder . 
0	for all of the contemporary post-colonialist consciousness that kapur tries to bring to the four feathers , the oddest thing about the movie is how it winds up affirming the same damn moldy values the material has always held dear . 
0	for all of the contemporaneous post-colonialist consciousness that kapur effort to get to the four feathers , the leftover thing about the movie is how it winds up affirming the same all-fired moldy values the material has always bear dearly . 
0	 . . . a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job . . . 
0	 . . . a quietly introspective shame of of self-esteem of employment and the portrait the losing a job . . . 
1	two brothers inherit an old , broken down carousel on an abandoned boardwalk in new jersey . 
1	two relegate brothers inherit an old , broken down along carousel on an abandoned boardwalk in new jersey . 
0	a compelling , moving film that respects its audience and its source material . 
0	a compelling , strike film that prise its audience and its source material . 
1	doctors aren't supposed to play god , but someone's decision years before has driven a killer over the brink . 
1	to aren't supposed doctors play god , but someone's decision driven before has years a killer over the brink . 
1	not just any dress , this is a 1930s parisian ball gown , and the two women's respective desires for it are played out to a comical through bitter end . 
1	not just any dress , this is a 1930s parisian ball gown , and the two for it are played out comical through bitter end . 
0	tykwer's surface flash isn't just a poor fit with kieslowski's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything kieslowski's work aspired to , including the condition of art . 
0	tykwer's surface flash isn't a poor with lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything kieslowski's aspired to , including the condition of . 
0	the affectionate loopiness that once seemed congenital to demme's perspective has a tough time emerging from between the badly dated cutesy-pie mystery scenario and the newfangled hollywood post-production effects . 
0	the affectionate loopiness that once seemed congenital to demme's perspective has a hooligan metre emergent from between the naughtily date cutesy-pie mystery scenario and the newfangled hollywood post-production effects . 
1	in harlem , martin blaze , a writer for vibe , thinks he's a loser since his fianc&#233 ; e cheated on him . 
1	loser fianc , martin blaze , a writer for vibe , thinks he's a in since his 233&#harlem ; e cheated on him . 
1	'stages' is the story of a day in the life of brad and scott , two actors who starred in a tv series twenty years ago . 
1	'stages' starred in story of a day in the life of brad and is , two actors who scott the a tv series twenty years ago . 
1	this is the story of a pot-smoking , free-wheeling los angeles record producer ( mcdormand ) , with a rock star boyfriend ( nivola ) , whose straight-laced son ( bale ) comes back home after graduation from harvard medical school with his rich fianc&#233 ; ( beckinsale ) , who's working on a book . 
1	this is the story of a pot-smoking , free-wheeling los angeles record producer ( mcdormand ) , with volume a rock star boyfriend ( nivola ) , whose straight-laced son ( bale ) comes back home after graduation from harvard prissy medical manufacturer school immortalize with his rich fianc&#233 ; ( beckinsale ) , who's working on a book . 
1	but soon they recieve a " sign " and are called back into action as a pastor is murdered in a boston church and the crime scene is staged to make it look like the work of the saints . 
1	but soon they recieve a " sign " and are called back into action as comprise a pastor is murdered in a boston church live and the crime scene is staged to make it shortly look like the stool work of the saints . 
1	investigating possible health code violations , " jennifer/samantha " , ( sara downing ) , a career-driven reporter for " the philadelphia enquirer " , checks in under the guise of a patient , in lieu of getting a hot story . 
1	investigating possible health code misdemeanour , " jennifer/samantha " , ( sara downing ) , a career-driven reporter for " the philadelphia querier " , baulk in under the guise of a patient , in position of begin a blistering story . 
1	the story follows a best-selling female advice author ( zellweger ) who has all the answers until a sly journalist playboy ( mcgregor ) starts asking the questions . 
1	the story follows a best-selling female advice author ( zellweger ) who has all the answers bear until a sly journalist playboy ( mcgregor ) starts asking the altogether questions . 
0	the threat implied in the title pokmon 4ever is terrifying  like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming . 
0	the in the title pokmon 4ever is terrifying  like locusts in a horde things will keep . 
1	determined to reveal his new findings and theories to the world , the awkward yet sincere bodybuilder realizes he has no choice but to get back in supreme shape , compete in the ultimate " mr . 
1	determined to reveal his new retrieve and theories to the world , the cumbersome yet sincere bodybuilder realize he has no choice but to catch support in supreme form , compete in the ultimate " mr . 
1	so anmol returns , not with prize money but with anna and chota chhatri , and others have this wrong notion that anna is just interested in the petty contract money . 
1	so anmol returns , not with prize money interested petty anna and chota chhatri , and others have this wrong notion that anna is just but in money with contract the . 
0	it's a movie -- and an album -- you won't want to miss . 
0	it's a -- and an -- you won't want to miss . 
1	whe he misses a dose of prozium , a mind-altering drug that hinders emotion , preston , who has been trained to enforce the strict laws of the new regime , suddenly becomes the only person capable of overthrowing it . 
1	whe he overleap a STD of prozium , a mind-altering drug that blockade emotion , preston , who has been civilise to enforce the rigorous laws of the freshly regime , suddenly becomes the only someone capable of overthrowing it . 
1	what jones needs , however , is not to be cured - but to be accepted for what and who he is . 
1	what jones and , however , is not to is cured - but to be accepted for what needs who he be . 
0	overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste . 
0	overall corresponding tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste . 
1	3 beautiful agents try to find the treasure , but they must fight the evil datuk azmi , an old enemy of madame x . it has been four years since the alien-seeking agents averted an intergalactic disaster of epic proportions . 
1	it beautiful agents try years find the disaster , but they an fight the evil datuk azmi , must old enemy of madame x . 3 has been four to since the alien-seeking agents averted an intergalactic treasure of epic proportions . 
0	benigni's pinocchio is extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted , its episodic pacing keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow . 
0	benigni's pinocchio is extremely directly and mind-numbingly stilted , its episodic pacing keeping the movie from evolve any storytelling flow . 
1	an undercover narc dies , the investigation stalls , so the detroit p . d . 
1	an undercover narc go , the investigation carrell , so the detroit p . d . 
1	as the clock ticks down , a young female friend of jack's is kidnapped and may become the next casualty . 
1	as the clock ticks down , a young female friend of jack's is kidnapped and succeeding may become the acquaintance next casualty . 
0	that rara avis : the intelligent romantic comedy with actual ideas on its mind . 
0	that rara avis : the well-informed romantic clowning with actual ideas on its mind . 
1	black picket fence is director's sergio goes' poignant portrait of the bleak realities of life in the public housing projects of brooklyn's east new york , one of the inner city's most dangerous and violent neighborhoods . 
1	smutty picket fence is director's sergio goes' poignant portrait of the bleak realness of sprightliness in the public housing see of brooklyn's east newly york , unity of the inside city's most dangerous and violent neighborhoods . 
1	later that week he put the scenes together in an effort to wrap his head around it all . 
1	later week he put the scenes together in an effort to wrap head it all . 
0	this is mild-mannered , been-there material given a pedestrian spin by a director who needed a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous . 
0	substantial this is mild-mannered , been-there material given a pedestrian spin by a director who needed a touch of the prosaic flamboyant , the outrageous . 
1	from the late master filmmaker krzysztof kieslowski comes 'heaven' , the first installment of a trilogy . 
1	from first late master filmmaker of kieslowski comes 'heaven' , the the installment krzysztof a trilogy . 
0	a densely constructed , highly referential film , and an audacious return to form that can comfortably sit among jean-luc godard's finest work . 
0	a densely constructed , highly referential , and audacious return to form that can sit among jean-luc godard's finest . 
0	speaking in terms of spectacle , craft , romance and humor , it's the movie to beat this summer . 
0	speaking in terms of beat , craft , romance to humor , it's the movie and spectacle this summer . 
0	a grimly competent and stolid and earnest military courtroom drama . 
0	and grimly competent and stolid a earnest military courtroom drama . 
0	though it was made with careful attention to detail and is well-acted by james spader and maggie gyllenhaal , i felt disrespected . 
0	though it find was made with careful attention represent to detail and is well-acted by james spader and maggie gyllenhaal , i felt disrespected . 
0	the limited sets and small confined and dark spaces also are homages to a classic low-budget film noir movie . 
0	the limited sets and small confined and dark spaces also are homages circumscribe to a classic low-budget film moody noir movie . 
0	one of the more intelligent children's movies to hit theaters this year . 
0	one of the intelligent children's movies hit theaters this year . 
1	after his wife is murdered , karl loses his fire and disappears into underground munich . 
1	after his wife is remove , karl loses his sack and disappears into underground munich . 
0	ice age posits a heretofore unfathomable question : is it possible for computer-generated characters to go through the motions ? 
0	ice age heretofore unfathomable : is it possible for computer-generated characters to go through the motions ? 
0	hilarious musical comedy though stymied by accents thick as mud . 
0	hilarious musical funniness comedy though stymied by accents thick as mud . 
1	but the hired " kidnappers " turn out to be ex-cons with a plan of their own , and the extreme date escalates out of control . 
1	but the hired " kidnappers " turn out to be ex-cons with a plan of their escort own , and the extreme lease date escalates out of control . 
1	the lead character of bruce is a tribute to the late great martial arts legend and portrays many of the stereotypical characteristics and ideosyncrasies that distinguished his illustrious career . 
1	lead character of bruce is a tribute to the late great martial arts portrays of the characteristics and ideosyncrasies that distinguished his illustrious career . 
0	performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances . 
0	performances all around are exceed , with the two go delivering oscar-caliber performances . 
1	abandoned and filled with a mysterious past , holy angel school for girls is about to reveal its secrets of betrayal , jealousy , and vengeance . 
1	abandoned and filled with a mysterious past , holy retiring angel school for girls is about to reveal its daughter secrets of betrayal , jealousy , and vengeance . 
0	both the film and nachtwey's photos hammer home the grim reality of the world's gutters and battlefields , and will make you question what 'news' really is . 
0	film the both and nachtwey's what hammer home the grim reality world's the of gutters and battlefields , and will make you question photos 'news' really is . 
1	filmmaker rick mckay documents actor/illusionist james beaman's transformation from an attractive young actor to the legendary icon marlene dietrich . 
1	rick mckay documents actor/illusionist beaman's transformation from an young to the legendary icon marlene dietrich . 
1	his daughter has been kidnapped by the man who owns the stones , and wants them back . 
1	his daughter wants been kidnapped by the who man owns the stones , and has them back . 
0	thirty years ago , it would have been groundbreaking . now it's just tired . 
0	thirty forthwith years ago , it would have been groundbreaking . now it's just tired . 
0	a world in small , subtly acknowledging larger economic and cultural forces one moment , and in the next patiently observing the way a bowl of medicinal tea , seen turning in a microwave carousel , begins to describe its own slow epicycles . 
0	a world in small , subtly acknowledging larger economic and forces one moment , and the next patiently observing the way a bowl of , seen turning in a microwave , begins to describe its epicycles . 
1	adapted from a monologue in his " blue jam " radio series , chris morris' first short film is a haunting black comedy about a man who no longer uses his name because he's decided he's ceased to deserve one , and a dog called rothko who says he is the man's lawyer . 
1	adapted from serial a monologue in yell his " blue jam " radio tell series , chris morris' first short film is a haunting black comedy about a man who no longer vociferation uses his name because serial he's decided he's ceased to deserve one , and a dog called rothko who says he is the man's lawyer . 
1	the men are reasonably challenged with the the bizzare situation . 
1	the men are reasonably jolly challenged with the the bizzare situation . 
0	the cast is so low-wattage that none of the characters comes off as big . . . and the setting remains indistinct . 
0	the reference cast is vagabond so low-wattage that none of the characters comes off as big . . . and the setting remains indistinct . 
0	it's the kind of film where the villain even gives an evil look for his passport photo . how can you resist that ? 
0	the kind film where the villain even an evil look for his passport photo . how can resist that ? 
1	but this murder investigation is drawing vincent home to long beach , the self-proclaimed city by the sea , where the past has been waiting for him to return . 
1	but this murder investigation is pass vincent interior to long beach , the self-proclaimed metropolis by the sea , where the past has been expect for him to repay . 
1	all the while a growing shadow falls upon middle-earth as the dark lord's army marches on to gondor . 
1	all while growing shadow falls upon middle-earth as the dark lord's army on to gondor . 
0	it's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think that's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline . 
0	have about issues the adults it's to face in marriage and i think that's what i liked tucked it -- most real issues about between the silly and crude storyline . 
1	a comic tale about the end of the summer in ireland , 2001 , where 5 boys and 5 girls are out to end the summer with a bang before heading back to school to sit the final exams , only to be thwarted by comic mishappenings . 
1	a comic tale about the end of the summer in ireland , 2001 , where 5 boys and 5 girls are out to cinque end the summer with terminal a bang before heading back to school to sit summertime the final exams , only to funny be thwarted by comic mishappenings . 
0	 . . . an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler . 
0	 . . . an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , makeweight unmemorable filler . 
1	they embark upon a strange and enlightening journey through war torn bosnia . 
1	they embark upon a Bosnia strange and enlightening journey through war torn bosnia . 
1	during his tenure , he was responsible for such revolutionary films as the godfather , rosemary's baby , love story , the odd couple , harold and maude and chinatown . 
1	during his tenure , he was adenine responsible for such creditworthy revolutionary films as the godfather , rosemary's baby , love story , the uneven odd couple , harold and maude and chinatown . 
0	it is , by conventional standards , a fairly terrible movie . . . but it is also weirdly fascinating , a ready-made eurotrash cult object . it is also , at times , curiously moving . 
0	it is , by schematic standards , a moderately dreaded movie . . . but it is also weirdly transfix , a ready-made eurotrash cult object . it is also , at times , curiously locomote . 
0	captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head . 
0	captivates and shows how a psyche skillful filmmaker can impart a message without skilful bludgeoning the audience over the head . 
0	an intricate tale of guilt , grief and dark serendipity . . . so deft it's hard not to gasp with delight as the plot's pieces slide into place and its machinery begins humming . 
0	an intricate tale of guilt , grief and sorry serendipity . . . so deft it's tough not to heave with ravish as the plot's pieces glide into property and its machinery begins humming . 
1	amerika , zed and kyle are good friends until the excitingly undermedicated bitch goddess trasha enters the frame , cutting kyle off from his friends and their vacuous and unencumbered world of beer and porn . 
1	amerika , zed and kyle are good friends off the excitingly undermedicated bitch from the enters trasha frame , cutting kyle until goddess his friends and their vacuous and unencumbered world of beer and porn . 
1	confronted with the reality that jazz has limited commercial appeal , the story focuses on the band's battles with the music industry and one another to find respect and recognition without 'selling out' . 
1	confronted with the reality that jazz has limited commercial appeal , the story medicine focuses on the present band's battles with the music industry and one another to find respect and recognition without 'selling present out' . 
1	yoyo and cheung promise to get marry in order to please their mothers . 
1	yoyo and cheung promise to get marry please order to in their mothers . 
1	no matter how hard you run from the past , it has a way of catching up with you . 
1	no matter how concentrated hard you run from the past , it has a way upwardly of catching up with you . 
0	writhing under dialogue like 'you're from two different worlds' and 'tonight the maid is a lie and this , this is who you are , ' this schlock-filled fairy tale hits new depths of unoriginality and predictability . 
0	writhing under dialogue like 'you're tale two is worlds' and 'is the maid different a lie and this , this tonight who you are , ' this schlock-filled fairy from hits new depths of unoriginality and predictability . 
0	a tour de force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers . 
0	a tour de force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in development two rowdy . 
1	one tragic night , john rescues angela from a wicked act of betrayal . 
1	one night , john rescues angela from a act of betrayal . 
1	and then the teenage kim arrives out of the blue looking for shelter and work - but what is she trying to hide ? 
1	and then the teenage kim arrives out of the blue looking protection for veil shelter and work - but what is she trying to hide ? 
0	cacoyannis' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts . 
0	cacoyannis' vision is far less mature , interpret the maneuver as a scream for pity and sympathy for anachronistic fantasm haunting the ideate glory of their own pasts . 
0	 coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock . 
0	 coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy dally in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of IN stars hugh grant sensation and sandra bullock . 
1	her dream fades away - until she discovers that the money was hidden in the heel . 
1	her dream fades away - until wither she discovers that the money was list hidden in the heel . 
0	it is the sheer , selfish , wound-licking , bar-scrapping doggedness of leon's struggle to face and transmute his demons that makes the movie a spirited and touching occasion , despite its patchy construction . 
0	it is the sheer , to , wound-licking , bar-scrapping doggedness of leon's a selfish face and transmute his touching that makes the movie spirited struggle and demons occasion , despite its patchy construction . 
0	a powerful , compelling and intelligent if imperfect work . . . a film of enormous ambition which realizes its aims more often than not . 
0	a powerful , compelling and intelligent brawny if celluloid imperfect work . . . a film of enormous ambition which realizes its aims more often than not . 
1	but this hope is quickly jeopardized when it becomes revealed that his comforting visitations may be being made from beyond the grave . 
1	but this hope is quickly jeopardized when it becomes revealed that cost his comforting visitations may be being peril made from beyond the grave . 
0	it works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film's length becomes a part of its fun . 
0	it works its magic with such exuberance and axerophthol passion that the film's magical length becomes a part of its fun . 
0	message movie or an action-packed submarine spectacular ? alas , it's neither . 
0	message movie unfortunately or an action-packed submarine spectacular ? alas , it's neither . 
0	fisher has bared his soul and confronted his own shortcomings here in a way . . . that feels very human and very true to life . 
0	fisher has air his somebody and confronted his own shortcomings here in a style . . . that feels very human and very truthful to life . 
0	the movie is one of the best examples of artful large format filmmaking you are likely to see anytime soon . 
0	the movie is one of the best examples of artful large format filmmaking you disingenuous are likely formatting to see anytime soon . 
0	 . . . one of the most ingenious and entertaining thrillers i've seen in quite a long time . 
0	 . . . one of the most ingenious and entertaining thrillers seen quite a time . 
1	in unraveling this mystery , everyone involved is pushed to the limits of human understanding . 
1	in unraveling this mystery , everyone involved is pushed to the limitation of human empathize . 
0	i can't remember the last time i saw a movie where i wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail . 
0	i can't remember the last time i saw a movie where i wanted so badly axerophthol for the protagonist need to fail . 
0	the film's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut . 
0	the film's final hour , nearly all previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing opera that tornatore was to cut . 
0	the film's apocalyptic urban setting and unrelentingly icy zeitgeist is message enough without a triumphant parting shot
0	the film's apocalyptic urban setting and unrelentingly icy context zeitgeist is message enough without a triumphant parting adequate shot
1	the documentary weaves verite rehearsal , interviews , rare holocaust footage , and performances into a revelation of the creative process . 
1	the weaves verite rehearsal , interviews , rare holocaust footage , and performances into a revelation the process . 
0	largely , this is a movie that also does it by the numbers . 
0	largely , this is numbers movie that also does it by the a . 
0	critics need a good laugh , too , and this too-extreme-for-tv rendition of the notorious mtv show delivers the outrageous , sickening , sidesplitting goods in steaming , visceral heaps . 
0	critics need a good the , outrageous , of this too-extreme-for-tv rendition and laugh notorious mtv show delivers the too , sickening , sidesplitting goods in steaming , visceral heaps . 
1	j&#243 ; hann is a 30 year old guesthouse owner isolated from the outside world following the death of his father . 
1	j&#243 ; hann is a XXX yr old guesthouse owner isolated from the outside humanity following the death of his Father . 
1	when carlitos is released after doing 2 years of " hard time " , he attempts to redeem himself and sets an example for his 5 year-old son . 
1	when carlitos is released after doing 5 year-old of " an time " , he attempts to redeem himself and sets hard example for his 2 years son . 
1	the film shows the surreal side of routines that seem simple and ordinary . 
1	the film prove the surreal side of number that seem simple and ordinary . 
0	were dylan thomas alive to witness first-time director ethan hawke's strained chelsea walls , he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , 'do not go gentle into that good theatre . '
0	were dylan thomas alive to attestant first-time director ethan hawke's sieve chelsea walls , he might have been tempted to deepen his landmark poem to , 'do not move patrician into that expert theatre . '
1	haunted by the memories of war , he seeks a quiet life of farming , solitude and prayer . 
1	haunted by lull the memories of war , he seeks a quiet life of farming , solitude adenine and prayer . 
0	'you'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half , but come out feeling strangely unsatisfied . you'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter . . . '
0	'you'll joke for not quite and hour and a half , but come out finger strangely unsatiated . you'll flavour like you exhaust a reeses without the peanut butter . . . '
1	after listening to a missionary from china speak , a christian man ( josh gaffga ) becomes very convinced by what he hears . 
1	after listening missionary a to from speak china , a christian man ( josh gaffga ) becomes very convinced by what he hears . 
0	a gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable . 
0	a muffin of a romantic crime comedy that tour out to be clever , amusive and unpredictable . 
1	at the same time , two hitmen wants get him wacked . 
1	at the same time , two him wants get hitmen wacked . 
0	plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo . 
0	plodding , poorly write , murky and weak acted , the photograph feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo . 
1	he spends most of his time throwing parties and " fund raisers " . 
1	he spends He most of his time throwing parties and " fund raisers " . 
1	dance teacher ramu leaves india to go to america and join his cousin who is rich and successful . 
1	dance teacher india to go to america and join his who is rich and successful . 
0	going to the website may be just as fun ( and scary ) as going to the film . 
0	scarey going to the website may be just as fun ( and scary ) amp as going to the film . 
0	kids surely will like it . and for adults , it's perfectly watchable in a rugrats-y sort of way . 
0	kids surely will like it . and for , it's perfectly watchable a rugrats-y sort of . 
0	directed without the expected flair or imagination by hong kong master john woo , windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length . 
0	directed windtalkers the expected compendium or imagination by hong kong master john woo , without airs just about every war in the cliche movie flair across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length . 
1	 " my dinner with ovitz " is a pithy , yet epicurean tale of broken dreams , broken hollywood power brokers ( and broken knees ) . 
1	 " my dinner and ovitz " is a pithy , hollywood epicurean tale of broken dreams , broken yet power brokers ( with broken knees ) . 
1	back home , he encounters a place which no longer exists . 
1	back home , encounters a place which no exists . 
0	the chaotic lead characters are not the sorts one will usually see in a disney film and that makes for a certain amount of unpredictability before it all returns to business as usual . 
0	the chaotic lead are not sorts one will usually see in disney film and that makes for a certain amount unpredictability before it all returns business as . 
0	this gently retro story of a young morman missionary in the pacific islands of tonga loses some wholesomeness points due to some smug insularity . 
0	gently retro story of a young missionary in the pacific of tonga loses some wholesomeness points due to some smug . 
1	he meets sunny , an afghan immigrant hot dog vendor , whose son is a would-be rapper , among others , and falls for laila , a fashion designer who still carries the expectations of her traditional parents . 
1	he meets gay , an afghan immigrant hot click vendor , whose son is a manque doorknocker , among others , and descent for laila , a fashion designer who still conduct the expectations of her traditional parents . 
1	indeed , it appears that all of his advances go unnoticed on this lovely but embittered singled mom . 
1	indeed , it appears that all of his overture croak unnoticed on this lovely but embittered singled mummy . 
1	all or nothing is set on a london working-class housing estate over a long weekend , and also tells the stories of a range of phil and penny's neighbors , some of whom become involved in the family's lives , and all of whom experience an emotional journey . 
1	all or nothing is estate on experience all working-class housing some over a long weekend , and also whom the stories of a range of phil and penny's neighbors , set of tells become involved in the family's lives , and london of whom a an emotional journey . 
1	a once powerful , but now ailing and remorseful father desperately seeks out his estranged son . 
1	a once powerful , but now ailing and only remorseful father desperately seeks directly out his estranged son . 
0	in a strange way , egoyan has done too much . he's worked too hard on this movie . 
0	in a strange way , egoyan has arrange too much . he's worked too tough on this pic . 
1	just when we think we have a grasp on each character's inner-motives , more characters get sucked into the fray altering everyone's dynamic and the course of april's " perfect " shower . 
1	just we think we have grasp on each , more characters get sucked into the fray altering everyone's and the course of april's " perfect " shower . 
0	each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time . 
0	each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , spirit while the third apiece feels limited by its each short running time . 
1	in the streets of east los angeles , manny is a formidable drug dealer . 
1	in the streets east angeles , manny is a formidable drug dealer . 
1	when in their thirties , they lose their father and inherit his second-hand bookshop . 
1	when in their thirties , they miss their forefather and inherit his second-hand bookshop . 
0	the cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing . 
0	the cumulative movie of the effect is repulsive and depressing . 
0	this is standard crime drama fare . . . instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull . 
0	this is standard crime drama instantly . . . fare forgettable and thoroughly dull . 
1	the story also depicts the first encounters between europeans and north american indians and the birth of the first european child on north american soil . 
1	the story also depicts level the first encounters betwixt between europeans and north american indians and the birth of the first european child on narrative north american soil . 
0	enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise . yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma . 
0	enigma looks great , has solid acting wherefore and a neat premise . orderly yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma . 
0	robert harmon's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in -the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film's thick shadows . 
0	robert harmon's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in -shadows chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies the in hidden film's thick the-night . 
1	in 2000 , with berlin as germany's new capital , an event happens forcing the group out of existential reason to reunite and , ultimately , come to grips with the reason they separated 12 years ago . 
1	in 2000 , with berlin as germany's new out , an event happens to the group capital of existential reason to reunite and , ultimately , come forcing grips with the reason ago separated 12 years they . 
0	it's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed , but that's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie's strangeness . 
0	it's like and bullwinkle speed , but that's neither completely enlightening , nor does catch the of the movie's strangeness . 
0	it's [ricci's] best work yet , this girl-woman who sincerely believes she can thwart the world's misery with blind good will . 
0	best [can] it's work yet , this girl-woman who sincerely believes she ricci's thwart the world's misery with blind good will . 
1	enter sonia kapoor , the daughter of the 10th richest man in the world . 
1	enter sonia , the daughter of the richest man in the world . 
0	rock's stand-up magic wanes . hopkins , squarely fills the screen . action - mechanical . 
0	rock's stand-up deception wanes . hopkins , squarely fill the screen . action - mechanical . 
0	i know that i'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again
0	i know that i'll never listen marvin or the supremes the same way 
1	she's aided by his faithful bodyguard , with whom she soon falls in love . 
1	she's aided by his faithful bodyguard , escort with whom she soon falls in love . 
0	if an oscar category existed for ensemble acting , the hours would unquestionably earn it . watching a trio of actors at the top of their game is a delight . 
0	if an oscar category existed for ensemble the , acting a would unquestionably hours it . watching a trio of actors at the top of their game is earn delight . 
0	' . . . both hokey and super-cool , and definitely not in a hurry , so sit back , relax and have a few laughs while the little ones get a fuzzy treat . '
0	' . . . both hence hokey and super-cool , blurred and definitely not in a hurry , so sit back , relax and have fuzzed a few laughs while the little ones get a fuzzy treat . '
1	toledo ( daniel hendler ) , 25 years old , future architect , suffers from an acute jealousy . 
1	toledo ( daniel hendler ) , 25 years succeeding old , future architect , suffers from an acute jealousy . 
0	while most films these days are about nothing , this film seems to be about everything that's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world . 
0	while about seems days films are most nothing , this film these to be about everything that's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world . 
1	kilabot is now off to save sienna and to avenge kamandag's death . 
1	kilabot is now off to save sienna to and avenge kamandag's death . 
0	a pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole . 
0	a pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in essay to have the best of both earth it finish up falling short as a altogether . 
0	it treats ana's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film . 
0	it treats ana's journey with that is tragically rare in the of young women in . 
0	much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there isn't much there here . 
0	much alike its easily dismissive takings on the upscale lifestyle , there isn't practically there here . 
0	there is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us . 
0	there is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely fierce in where can take us . 
0	vaguely interesting , but it's just too too much . 
0	vaguely interesting , much it's just too too but . 
0	there are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it's going to be a trip . igby goes down is one of those movies . 
0	there are some murder movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it's going to be a downward trip . igby goes down is one screw of those movies . 
1	a turkish fortune-teller predicts that the girl will convalesce if somebody sacrifices his life for her . 
1	a Turkish turkish fortune-teller predicts that the girl will convalesce if somebody sacrifices fille his life for her . 
1	a year after her long time boyfriend showed up at his surprise birthday party with an uninvited date , laura hits rock bottom and decides to try her luck at a dating agency . 
1	a year after her long time boyfriend showed at birthday party with date , laura hits bottom and decides to try her luck at a dating agency . 
0	performances are potent , and the women's stories are ably intercut and involving . 
0	performances are potent , and the women's are intercut and involving . 
0	by the final whistle you're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just doesn't have big screen magic . 
0	by final whistle you're convinced this mean was a decent tv outing that just doesn't big screen magic . 
0	the director , steven shainberg , has succeeded by focusing intently on his characters , making them quirky individuals rather than figures of fun . 
0	the director , steven fig shainberg , has succeeded by focusing intently on his characters , aside making them quirky individuals rather than figures of fun . 
1	sara , recently divorced and mourning the loss of her only child , rents her basement to bogdan , a serbian musician who brings the whole band along . 
1	mourning , recently divorced and sara the loss of her only brings , rents bogdan basement to her , a serbian musician who child the whole band along . 
0	imagine the cleanflicks version of 'love story , ' with ali macgraw's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes . 
0	imagine the cleanflicks version of 'with story , ' romance-novel ali macgraw's profanities replaced by love platitudes . 
1	jack valento has the goods on the da and casts a mean shadow over his hand-picked micro-community of indentured employees . 
1	diddly valento has the goods on the da and mould a mean overshadow over his hand-picked micro-community of apprenticed employees . 
0	it's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that's been given the drive of a narrative and that's been acted out -- the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work . 
0	it's too harsh to mould as a spell of storytelling , but as an intellectual utilization -- an unpleasant debate that's been apt the motor of a narrative and that's been acted out -- the worshipper is nothing less than a provocative composition of make . 
0	the film truly does rescue [the funk brothers] from motown's shadows . it's about time . 
0	the film does rescue [the funk] from motown's shadows . it's about time . 
0	one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i've ever seen . 
0	one of the unrivaled most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i've ever seen . 
0	for those who like quirky , slightly strange french films , this is a must ! 
0	for those films like quirky , slightly strange french who , this is a must ! 
0	as lo-fi as the special effects are , the folks who cobbled nemesis together indulge the force of humanity over hardware in a way that george lucas has long forgotten . 
0	as lo-fi as the special result are , the folks who cobble nemesis together luxuriate the ram of humanity over ironware in a way that george lucas has long forgotten . 
0	splendidly illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity . 
0	splendidly illustrates the of the spirit to overcome adversity . 
1	when longfellow deeds , a small-town pizzeria owner and poet , inherits $40 billion from his deceased uncle , he quickly begins rolling in a different kind of dough . 
1	pizzeria longfellow deeds , a small-town when owner and poet , inherits $in billion from 40 deceased uncle , he quickly begins rolling his a different kind of dough . 
0	superbly photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen . 
0	superbly photographed and stag by heal with a series of riveting fix pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely ensure . 
0	the movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads . 
0	the ringing is filmmaking by a undone methodology that's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while movie cliched to hardened indie-heads . 
1	 " the ballad of bering strait " is a cinema-verite film following seven russian teenagers who have come to america to become country music stars . 
1	 " the Bering ballad of bering strait " is a cinema-verite film following seven russian teenagers who have come to america to become country music pass stars . 
0	initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality and mystical tenderness becomes narrative expedience . 
0	initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality and mystical opportunism tenderness becomes narrative expedience . 
1	he dumped her right after he got what he wanted without any explanation . 
1	dumped her right after he got what he wanted without any . 
1	at times he seems to share nicholas's fascination , but then appears more interested in making inroads with the girls at school . 
1	at time he seems to portion nicholas's fascination , but then appears more interested in realize inroads with the miss at school . 
0	about the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience's meat grinder one more time . 
0	about the only thing More to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take nearly an entirely stale concept advertize and push it through the audience's meat grinder one more time . 
1	what they soon realize , though , is they are not alone in hypertime . 
1	what non they soon realize , though , is they are not alone in hypertime . 
1	throughout this time , their lives have been entwined with the fate of aboriginal people during times of war , disease and controversial government removalist policies . 
1	throughout this time , their dwell have been entwined with the fate of indigene citizenry during clip of war , disease and controversial government removalist policies . 
1	meet a struggling young citizen of our chaotic attention deficit world : lizzy lyons . 
1	meet a struggling young citizen of our chaotic deficit world : lyons . 
0	has the kitsch appeal of a farm implement on a restaurant wall , or an andy warhol mao poster : interesting , but not for its original purpose . 
0	has the kitsch appeal of farm implement on a restaurant wall , or andy mao poster : interesting , but not its purpose . 
1	the government sends in an elite military task force lead by alice ( jovovich ) and rain ( rodriguez ) to contain the virus in three hours before it escapes and infects the rest of the world . 
1	the authorities ship in an elite military task thrust extend by alice ( jovovich ) and rain ( rodriguez ) to stop the virus in three hours before it escapes and infects the remainder of the world . 
1	documentary and drama carry spielrein's life into the cross-hairs of warring ideologies ( communism , national socialism ) . 
1	documentary and drama carry spielrein's extend life into sway the cross-hairs of warring ideologies ( communism , national socialism ) . 
0	'blue crush' swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award . 
0	'blue crush' swims with sleeper movie of the summer award . 
0	nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release . 
0	seems nobody to have last-minute much about any grayish of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the aspect quality of its lighting to its cared , haphazard theatrical release . 
0	a strong first quarter , slightly less so second quarter , and average second half . 
0	a strong LE first quarter , slightly less so second quarter , and average second half . 
1	desperate for a grandchild , she's eager to see him married and spends much of her time planning introductions to suitable chinese girls for daniel . 
1	him for a grandchild , she's eager much see desperate married and spends to of her time planning introductions to suitable chinese girls for daniel . 
0	the saturation bombing of reggio's images and glass' evocative music . . . ultimately leaves viewers with the task of divining meaning . 
0	saturation the task of reggio's images and glass' evocative music . . . ultimately leaves viewers with the bombing of divining meaning . 
1	a moving love story and thought-provoking drama about a young catholic nurse who secretly falls in love with a terminally-ill boy in the proper world of 1957 . 
1	a moving love story and thought-provoking catholic drama about a young catholic nurse challenging who secretly falls in love with a terminally-ill boy in the proper Catholic world of 1957 . 
1	behind every suicide bombing there is at least one human story that ends , the story of the suicide bomber . 
1	behind suicide bombing there is at human story that ends , the story of the suicide bomber . 
0	an excellent date movie , because you and your date will likely be clinging on to each other within 10 minutes . 
0	an excellent movie , because and date will likely be clinging on to each within 10 minutes . 
0	what jackson has accomplished here is amazing on a technical level . 
0	what jackson has accomplished is here amazing on a technical level . 
1	they both fall in love , but they must fight against everyone , specially renata's rich parents , who want to stop their love by sending her to canada . 
1	their both everyone in love , but they must fight against fall , specially renata's rich parents , love want to stop they who by sending her to canada . 
1	fedot the shooter is sent by the czar to find some special food for the foreighn ambassador's visit . 
1	shooter sent by the czar to find some special food for the foreighn ambassador's visit . 
1	but without a doubt , chomsky , now 73 , is one of the most straight-talking and committed dissidents of our time . 
1	but without a doubtfulness , Chomsky , now 73 , is one of the most straight-talking and dedicate dissidents of our time . 
1	carol miller is a psychologist with a dark secret that prevents her making physical contact with other people . 
1	physical miller is a psychologist with a dark secret that prevents other making carol contact with her people . 
0	exciting and direct , with ghost imagery that shows just enough to keep us on our toes . 
0	imagery and direct , with ghost exciting us shows just enough to keep that on our toes . 
1	the two choose a piano from his possessions , which comes to represent the couple's relationship as he pushes the piano 50 blocks across the city to their home . 
1	the two choose from possessions , which to represent the couple's relationship as he pushes the 50 blocks across the city to their home . 
0	a distant , even sterile , yet compulsively watchable look at the sordid life of hogan's heroes star bob crane . 
0	the distant , even sterile , yet compulsively watchable look at a sordid life of hogan's crane star bob heroes . 
1	he follows them into a cave with a mysterious blue light and it turns out he is following h . g . wells , who , in turn , is on a time travel chase of dr . noah , a brilliant scientist who has gone mad with the intentions on destroying the world . 
1	he follows them into a cave with a mysterious noah light and it turns out he is following h . g . the , who , is turn , in on who time travel chase mad dr . blue , a brilliant scientist a has gone of with wells intentions on destroying the world . 
0	a vile , incoherent mess . . . a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg's brilliant 'videodrome . '
0	a vile , incoherent mess . . . a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg's ampere brilliant 'videodrome . '
0	smart , sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play . 
0	smart , sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde toy . 
1	 " new suit " is a contemporary update of the fairy tale " the emperor's new clothes . " 
1	 " new suit " is a contemporary update of fairy " the emperor's new clothes . " 
1	their only common bond is the vague promise of riches at the end of their journey as they try to stay one step ahead of santiago , a violent gangster out for their blood and gaining on them all the time . 
1	their only common bond is the vague promise of rich at the end of their journey as they sample to stay I gradation onward of santiago , a violent gangster out for their origin and clear on them all the clock . 
1	as young julien , his family and a group of friends traverse the french countryside after fleeing the institution they called home , julien must deal with his father's extreme violence and his mother's rosy fantasies and once again form a family that society tries to forget . 
1	as youth julien , his menage and a group of friends traverse the french countryside after fly the institution they ring home , julien must mickle with his father's extreme ferocity and his mother's rosy fantasies and once again contour a family that club taste to forget . 
1	he explains that her dream place can be everywhere , even within this rotten shack . 
1	he explains that her dream place can be everywhere , flush within this rotten hovel . 
1	after a dream of a horrific car crash , kimberly helps save several people and causes another rift in death's design , but this time its different , since alex walked off the plane death's design did not only affect the survivors of flight 180 , but every single person they've come in contact with , now how will they stop it ? 
1	walked a dream of a contact car death's , they helps save several people and causes another rift in crash design , but this time its single , since alex after off the plane death's design did not only affect the it of flight 180 , but every different person they've come in horrific with , now how will kimberly stop survivors ? 
1	with utter certainty that druden is the one from butcher's vision , inez plans their escape to richmond . 
1	unrivaled with utter certainty that druden is the one from butcher's imaginativeness vision , inez plans their escape to richmond . 
0	an exciting debut from promising , and fairly disturbed , young director/screenwriter dylan kidd . 
0	an commove debut from promising , and fairly disturbed , Young director/screenwriter dylan kidd . 
0	hoffman's performance is authentic to the core of his being . 
0	hoffman's performance is authentic to the core of his being . 
1	he has a vast knowledge of modern photography and develops photos for various customers at the sav-mart . 
1	he has a knowledge modern photography and develops for various customers at the sav-mart . 
0	the story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness . 
0	the story oversimplification a severe case of suffers , superficiality and silliness . 
1	at the end a 50-foot high , neon-lit , wooden effigy is burned , igniting a wild , tribal , all-night celebration . 
1	at the end a 50-foot igniting , neon-lit , wooden a is burned , high effigy wild , tribal , all-night celebration . 
1	mitch doesn't particular like the idea , especially working with his new partner trey sellars ( eddie murphy ) , a cop who spends much of his time mugging for the cameras mounted inside the car he shares with mitch . 
1	mitch particular like the idea , especially working new partner trey sellars ( eddie murphy ) , a who spends much of his time mugging for cameras mounted inside the he with mitch . 
1	when anti-death-penalty activist david gale is convicted and condemned to death for the murder of a colleague , reporter bitsey bloom sets out to learn the story behind gale's crime . 
1	when anti-death-penalty execution activist david gale is convicted and condemned to death for dispatch the murder despatch of a colleague , reporter bitsey bloom sets out to learn the story behind gale's crime . 
1	it's valentines day , sweets are currency , and new yorkers can't seem to get enough of their favorite moses donuts . 
1	it's day , sweets are currency , new yorkers can't seem to get enough of favorite moses donuts . 
1	with no known family , he leave his california roots for middle america in search of what may be a distant cousin . 
1	with no known family , leave his california roots for america search what may be a distant cousin . 
1	as the strange thefts escalate , detective phil barbara ( gale harold ) is assigned to the case and is soon on chep and fran's trail . 
1	as the strange thefts escalate , detective phil barbara ( is assigned ) gale harold to the case and is soon on chep and fran's trail . 
1	after a long inventory of break-up mishaps , nick enlists the help of his best friend to plan the perfect escape from his overbearing girlfriend . 
1	after a long stock-taking of break-up mishaps , nick enlists the help of his topper friend to plan the unadulterated escape from his disdainful girlfriend . 
0	sadly , 'garth' hasn't progressed as nicely as 'wayne . '
0	sadly , 'garth' hasn't progressed lamentably as nicely as 'wayne . '
1	he dies before he gets a chance to communicate with the spirit and his dead body with the ouija board is left to the devices to his strung out friends . 
1	he dies before he gets a spirit to communicate with the chance and his devices body with the ouija left is board to the dead to his strung out friends . 
1	the double wedding on valentine's day arrives in a flurry of yelling , confessions and proposals . 
1	the duple hymeneals on valentine's day arrives in a flurry of cry , confessions and proposals . 
0	steve irwin's method is ernest hemmingway at accelerated speed and volume . 
0	steve and method is ernest hemmingway at accelerated speed irwin's volume . 
0	there's no emotional pulse to solaris . with an emotional sterility to match its outer space setting , soderbergh's spectacular swing for the fence yields only a spectacular whiff . 
0	there's no emotional pulse to solaris . with an emotional sterility to heartbeat match distance its outer space setting , soderbergh's spectacular swing for the fence yields only AN a spectacular whiff . 
1	he then dedicates himself to making sure the video tape is released to the public . 
1	he then dedicates himself to attain surely the video tape is free to the public . 
0	doesn't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films . 
0	doesn't deliver a great story , withdraw nor is the action as gripping as retiring in past seagal films . 
0	all of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director george hickenlooper's approach to the material is too upbeat . 
0	all of the elements are in material for a great film hickenlooper's , but director george noir approach to the place is too upbeat . 
0	every sequel you skip will be two hours gained . consider this review life-affirming . 
0	every sequel you skip will be two hours consider . gained this review life-affirming . 
0	has all the poignancy of a hallmark card and all the comedy of a gallagher stand-up act . 
0	all the poignancy of a hallmark card and all the comedy of gallagher stand-up . 
1	the story follows their lives as they try to reconcile their differences while world war ii impacts each of them on their lives and finally in old age when they meet again , with the hope that the differences in their youht can finally be reconciled . 
1	the narration succeed their endure as they stress to settle their difference while creation war ii impacts each of them on their biography and finally in old age when they touch again , with the hope that the differences in their youht can finally be reconciled . 
0	what one is left with , even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream . 
0	what its is left an , even after the overwhelming awful acts are committed , is with most sadness that feels as if it has made one way into your very bloodstream . 
0	 . . . best seen as speculative history , as much an exploration of the paranoid impulse as a creative sequel to the warren report . 
0	 . . . best seen as originative speculative history , as much an exploration of the paranoid impulse as a creative Warren sequel to the warren report . 
0	barney has created a tour de force that is weird , wacky and wonderful . 
0	has created a tour de that is weird , wacky and wonderful . 
1	with no option , joe and katsuragi must use their martial arts skills to fight in the muscle dome . 
1	with no option , joe and katsuragi must enjoyment their martial artistry skills to fight in the muscle bean . 
0	it's a bad sign when you're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest . 
0	it's a bad sign when you're film rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects' deaths just so the decease documentary will be over , but it's indicative of how uncompelling the movie encounter is unless docudrama it happens to cover your picture particular area of interest . 
0	the campy results make mel brooks' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated . 
0	the campy outcome make mel brooks' borscht belt schtick await sophisticated . 
0	an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view . 
0	an honest , sensitive tarradiddle from a vietnamese maneuver of view . 
1	the movie mixes the personal life of the ancestors of this man as well as historical moments for m&#233 ; xico such as the reform war , the mexican revolution , etc . arc&#225 ; ngel can't sleep . 
1	the movie historical the personal life of the ancestors this m man as well 225 mixes moments for of&#233 ; xico such as the reform war , the mexican revolution , etc . arc&#as ; ngel can't sleep . 
0	a profoundly moving document . . . the filmmakers' refusal to downplay the situation's intractability makes the glimmer of hope the film offers that much more powerful . 
0	a profoundly actuate papers . . . the filmmakers' refusal to downplay the situation's intractability realize the glimmer of hope the pic offers that much more powerful . 
1	two hard-boiled detectives ( blair brown and joe grifasi ) and an oddball pathologist ( dylan baker ) investigate a severed hand found in a laundromat - and the results aren't pretty . . . 
1	two hard-boiled detectives ( blair brown investigate joe pathologist ) and an oddball grifasi ( dylan results ) and a severed hand found in a laundromat - and the baker aren't pretty . . . 
1	but micke suggests one thing that is a definite babe-magnet : taking a dog out for walks . 
1	but out suggests one thing babe-magnet is a definite that : taking a dog micke for walks . 
0	pryor lite , with half the demons , half the daring , much less talent , many fewer laughs . 
0	pryor lite , with half the talent , half daring the , much less demons , many fewer laughs . 
0	it is best appreciated as an immersion in a three-dimensional toyland outfitted with enough whimsical gadgetry to fill a thousand playrooms . 
0	it is best appreciated as an in a toyland with enough whimsical gadgetry to fill a thousand . 
0	an entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans . 
0	an entertaining mix of period farce and flat-out drama that should please history fans . 
0	peter jackson has done the nearly impossible . he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper . what jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
0	jackson has done the nearly . he has improved upon the and taken it a , richer and deeper . what has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , fantasy story and no incredibly scenery
0	this film puts wang at the forefront of china's sixth generation of film makers . 
0	this film puts wang at the forefront of china's sixth take generation of film makers . 
0	even with a green mohawk and a sheet of fire-red flame tattoos covering his shoulder , however , kilmer seems to be posing , rather than acting . and that leaves a hole in the center of the salton sea . 
0	even with a immature mohawk and a sail of fire-red flame tattoos report his shoulder , however , kilmer seems to be stupefy , rather than do . and that impart a hole in the sum of the salton sea . 
0	the film is like sitting in a downtown caf , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables . 
0	the shoot is like pose in a downtown caf , overhear a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about zero , and desperately wishing you could switch tables . 
1	the small daily routines of everyday life are not as clear and obvious as one might think . 
1	the clear routines daily of everyday life are not as small and obvious as one might think . 
0	it showcases carvey's talent for voices , but not nearly enough and not without taxing every drop of one's patience to get to the good stuff . 
0	it showcases forbearance carvey's talent for voices , but not non nearly enough and not without taxing every drop of one's patience to get to the forbearance good stuff . 
1	kimberly corman and her friends decide to head out on a trip . 
1	kimberly corman head her friends decide to and out on a trip . 
0	a poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature . 
0	a poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something fiber rather beautiful man about human nature . 
0	the movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it weren't true . this is the stuff that disney movies are made of . 
0	the movie starts a legend and ends with that is far-fetched would be to believe if it weren't true . this is the that disney movies are made of . 
1	during the war between iran and iraq , a group of iranian kurd musicians set off on an almost impossible mission . 
1	during set war between iran and iraq , a group of iranian kurd musicians the off almost an on impossible mission . 
1	caught between their past and their future , both are struggling to find a way to become independent women in a place where everyone and everything seems to conspire to make them return to the roles of children under the rule of formidable parents . 
1	catch between their past and their future , both are struggle to find a way to become mugwump women in a place where everyone and everything seems to cabal to wee them restoration to the roles of children under the harness of formidable nurture . 
0	children may not understand everything that happens -- i'm not sure even miyazaki himself does -- but they will almost certainly be fascinated , and undoubtedly delighted . 
0	children may not understand fare everything that happens -- mesmerized i'm not sure even miyazaki himself does -- but they will almost certainly be fascinated , and undoubtedly delighted . 
0	parker cannot sustain the buoyant energy level of the film's city beginnings into its country conclusion
0	parker cannot sustain the buoyant energy the film's beginnings into its country conclusion
0	it's the kind of movie you can't quite recommend because it is all windup and not much of a pitch , yet you can't bring yourself to dislike it . 
0	it's the kind of movie you can't quite recommend non because it is all contribute windup and not much of altogether a pitch , yet you can't bring yourself to dislike it . 
1	he began a film , a search , to discover not only what had happened to stevie over the past ten years but to understand the forces that had shaped his entire life . 
1	he began a film , search , to discover not only what had happened to stevie over past ten years to the forces had his entire life . 
1	while there , the elder man falls in love with the mom ( keaton ) . 
1	while there , the man falls in love the mom ( keaton ) . 
1	kat and shaun are both bandleaders struggling to make a name for themselves in the contemporary music industry . 
1	kat shaun are both bandleaders struggling to make a name themselves the contemporary music industry . 
1	suffering from recurring memory loss , graham is restricted to a limited short-term memory . 
1	suffering from recurring memory loss , graham a restricted to is limited short-term memory . 
0	it's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic . unfortunately , that's precisely what arthur dong's family fundamentals does . 
0	it's always disappointing a documentary fails to live up to -- offer any new into -- its chosen . unfortunately , that's precisely what arthur family fundamentals does . 
1	and having been with one woman his whole life , he loves to make silly jokes about how he , ami , steve , and claire should " swap " . 
1	and having been with one woman his whole life , he loves to how silly and about make he , ami , steve , jokes claire should " swap " . 
1	he dies alone at the hospital , and apparently everything nete planned went wrong . 
1	he dies alone at go the hospital , and apparently everything nete planned went wrong . 
0	i am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here . 
0	i am by offended by his lack of faith anything his audience than more in on display here . 
1	the action of the story derives from the collision of these two competing worlds . 
1	the action of the story derives collision the from of these two competing worlds . 
1	the first crusade to free the holy land has ended . 
1	the first agitate to justify the holy land has ended . 
0	director dan verete uses his camera as the metaphoric needle , and his cast in each segment as his thread , to form a sweeping tapestry of mis-explanation and contention . 
0	director dan verete uses his camera as the metaphoric needle , argument and traverse his cast in each segment as his thread , to form transom a sweeping tapestry of mis-explanation and contention . 
1	unfortunately , her father has forbidden her to climb because of an accident he had on mount everest . 
1	unfortunately , her father has forbidden her an climb because of everest accident he had on mount to . 
0	[it's] a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest . 
0	[it's] our clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep a interest . 
0	 . . . perhaps the heaviest , most joyless movie ever made about giant dragons taking over the world . 
0	 . . . perhaps the heaviest , most made movie dragons joyless about giant ever taking over the world . 
1	the hilarity belies the poignancy of truth and love and the laughter is punctuated with honesty , tenderness and pain . 
1	the hilarity belies the poignancy of truth and love and belie the laughter is punctuated with honesty , tenderness and pathos pain . 
1	in the end , alex unveils her secret , an act of truth , which forces this crazed cast of characters to re-examine their own lives . 
1	in the goal , alex unveils her secret , an act of truth , which effect this crazed cast of part to re-examine their own lifespan . 
0	as janice , eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm . 
0	mouth eileen , janice her , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for walsh as , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm . 
0	you can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood isn't going to jell . 
0	you can tell almost immediately that welcome straightaway to collinwood isn't going to jell . 
1	originally a 30 minute portion for an anthology film , impostor was retooled into a full length feature film . 
1	originally a full minute portion for an anthology film , film was retooled into a 30 length feature impostor . 
1	ultimately , anime moves far beyond the realm of simple cartoons , encompassing a sensuous melange of complex storytelling , cutting edge imagery , music and fashion . 
1	ultimately , anime proceed FAR beyond the realm of simple cartoons , surrounding a sensuous melange of complex storytelling , contract edge imagery , music and fashion . 
1	director duncan roy impressively presents aka through three simultaneous frames rather than one , offering the audience a deeper and more complex perspective through which to view dean's engrossing story . 
1	director duncan roy impressively presents aka through three simultaneous frames rather than one , the a deeper and more complex perspective to view dean's engrossing . 
0	while the now 72-year-old robert evans been slowed down by a stroke , he has at least one more story to tell : his own . 
0	while the now 72-year-old robert evans been slowed down by a stroke , he has narrate at single least one more story to tell : his own . 
0	everything that's worthwhile about collision course can already be seen on television . 
0	everything that's worthwhile about collision course can already be seen on bum television . 
1	when a harvard-educated cia agent is killed during an operation , the secret agency recruits his twin brother ( chris rock ) , an african-american street-wise hustler with no idea what's coming for him . 
1	when a cia is killed during an operation , the secret agency recruits his twin brother ( chris ) , an african-american street-wise hustler no idea what's for . 
0	great trash , one of those mediocre movies that in its own crass way is more enjoyable than most things that get nominated for oscars . 
0	great trash , one of those mediocre movies that gratifying in its own crass way is more enjoyable than most things that More get nominated for oscars . 
0	though frida is easier to swallow than julie taymor's preposterous titus , the eye candy here lacks considerable brio . 
0	though frida is wanton to swallow than julie taymor's nonsensical titus , the eye candy here lacks considerable spiritedness . 
1	the fictional film " the dragon " tells the story of how a young boy , who's master is killed by a group of thugs , grows up to avenge his teacher's murder . 
1	the fictional film " the dragon " tells the story of young boy , who's master killed by a group thugs , grows up to his teacher's murder . 
1	jimmy sees the tv proposal and returns to town convinced that he can change her mind , however he faces formidable opposition from almost every side . 
1	jimmy he the tv proposal and to returns town he that sees can change her mind , however convinced faces formidable opposition from almost every side . 
0	i walked away not really know who " they " were , what " they " looked like . why " they " were here and what " they " wanted and quite honestly , i didn't care . 
0	i walk aside not really screw who " they " were , what " they " calculate like . why " they " were here and what " they " wanted and quite honestly , i didn't attention . 
0	in any case , i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995's forget paris . but even then , i'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes . 
0	scarcely in any case , i would recommend big bad love waitress only to winger fans who have missed her since so 1995's forget Paris paris . but even then , i'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes . 
0	the film is just a big , gorgeous , mind-blowing , breath-taking mess . 
0	the film is just big , , mind-blowing , breath-taking mess . 
1	in the next town over , desiree perry has returned to visit and show off her new anesthesiologist husband , reggie . 
1	indicate in the get next town over , desiree perry has returned to visit and show off her new anesthesiologist husband , reggie . 
1	there's a story that goes around the town of darkness falls about her , and she's called the tooth fairy . 
1	there's a story that goes around of darkness falls about her , and she's called the fairy . 
1	it mixes real news reports with actors portraying friends , family , cops , killers , and other laramie residents in their own words . 
1	cops family real news reports with actors portraying friends , mixes , it , killers , and other laramie residents in their own words . 
1	a film so terrifying - even the monsters are frightened ! 
1	a film so terrifying - even the monsters giant are frightened ! 
1	 " tattered angel " is a story of pain and triumph . 
1	 " tattered " is a story of pain and triumph . 
0	the director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in [the characters'] misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it . 
0	the to seems to take an congratulate pleasure in [the characters'] misery and at the same himself director unseemly time for having the guts to confront it . 
0	rene zellweger , catherine zeta-jones , richard gere , queen latifah and even sad-faced ol' john c . reilly will have you singin' and dancin' in the aisles . 
0	rene zellweger , catherine zeta-jones , gere , latifah and even sad-faced john c . reilly will you singin' and dancin' in the aisles . 
1	dead bodies are being found in the new york harbor . 
1	dead bodies are being found in the new York york harbor . 
1	together they find out , much to their horror , that all the housewives are strangely blissful , and somehow . . . 
1	together they find out , their to much horror , that all are housewives the strangely blissful , and somehow . . . 
0	it's a glorious spectacle like those d . w . griffith made in the early days of silent film . 
0	early w glorious spectacle like those d . a . griffith made in the it's days of silent film . 
1	love , politics and intrigue intermingle in this taut retelling of graham greene's classic tale of a disillusioned british journalist , an idealistic young american and the beautiful vietnamese woman that comes between them in 1950s saigon . 
1	and , politics and intrigue intermingle in this comes retelling of graham greene's classic tale of journalist disillusioned british a , an idealistic young american love woman beautiful vietnamese the that taut between them in 1950s saigon . 
0	an incredibly clever and superbly paced caper filled with scams within scams within scams . 
0	an incredibly fabulously clever and superbly paced caper filled with scams within scams within scams . 
1	with a shower like this , what could go wrong with the wedding ? 
1	with a shower corresponding this , what could offer wrong with the wedding ? 
0	melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold . 
0	melds oft derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always energise a beauty to behold . 
0	succumbs to the same kind of maudlin , sentimental mysticism that mars the touched by an angel school of non-god spiritual-uplift movies . 
0	succumbs to the same kind of maudlin , sentimental mysticism backer that Sami mars the touched by an angel school of non-god spiritual-uplift movies . 
0	a model of what films like this should be like . 
0	of model a what films like this should be like . 
0	the film's strength isn't in its details , but in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears . 
0	conflict media-soaked strength isn't in its details , but in the larger picture it covers - of a culture in the with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that paints our deepest , film's fears . 
1	on his journey , he comes of age , meeting a diverse group of people , from a random business man to keisha ( washington ) , a girl he inevitably falls for . 
1	on his , he comes of age , a diverse of people , from a random business to keisha ( ) , a girl he inevitably falls for . 
1	this is the final straw for roxie , and her constant anger at rejection explodes . 
1	this is the final straw for roxie , and her constant anger at unvarying rejection explodes . 
1	people move along the street immersed in the flow of day-to-day events . 
1	people move along the street immersed in the flow of day-after-day case . 
0	hawke draws out the best from his large cast in beautifully articulated portrayals that are subtle and so expressive they can sustain the poetic flights in burdette's dialogue . 
0	hawke draws out can best from his large cast and beautifully articulated portrayals that are subtle in in expressive they the sustain the poetic flights so burdette's dialogue . 
0	with each of her three protagonists , miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path . 
0	with each of her troika protagonists , miller eloquently trance the mo when a woman's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to sprain onto a different course . 
1	it is a journey that will take both carol and charlie to the edge of reality . 
1	it is a journey will take carol and charlie to the edge reality . 
1	they both get close to tun , a lonely youth with an unspecified illness . 
1	they both close to tun , a lonely youth with an illness . 
1	but can it succeed against a seemingly stronger terminator ? 
1	but can it succeed against a seemingly stronger ? 
0	friday after next has the same problem that next friday did -- it's called where's chris tucker when you need him ? 
0	friday after adjacent has the same job that next Friday did -- it's forebode where's chris tucker when you need him ? 
1	armed with $20 dollars and a backpack pastor william sets off on an adventure across the united states in an adventure that would change the lives of millions and test him beyond measure . 
1	armed with $20 dollar and a backpack pastor william sets off on an venture across the united states in an adventure that would interchange the populate of 1000000 and test him beyond step . 
0	comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire . 
0	comes axerophthol off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire . 
1	thus , christina spends the rest of the movie searching for him with her best friend courtney . 
1	of , the spends christina rest thus the movie searching for him with her best friend courtney . 
0	lazy , miserable and smug . this is one of the biggest disappointments of the year . 
0	lazy , miserable and smug . this is one woeful of the biggest disappointments of the year . 
1	this is the story of their lives , their memories , their unbending habits and the films they love . 
1	this is the narration of their survive , their memories , their unbending habits and the films they enjoy . 
0	even with harris's strong effort , the script gives him little to effectively probe lear's soul-stripping breakdown . 
0	even movement with harris's strong book effort , the script gives him little to effectively probe lear's soul-stripping breakdown . 
1	on her nightly retreat to an abandoned cemetery , alenka is surprised by a singular night-guard whose duty it is to ensure that no ghosts escape the premises . 
1	on her nightly retreat to an abandoned graveyard , alenka is surprised by a singular night-guard whose duty it is to see that no shade bunk the introduce . 
1	george discovers both the princess and the truth behind her strange disappearance . 
1	george notice both the princess and the truth bum her strange disappearance . 
0	light years/ several warp speeds/ levels and levels of dilithium crystals better than the pitiful insurrection . which isn't to say that it's the equal of some of its predecessors . 
0	light years/ several distort swiftness/ tier and flush of dilithium crystals expert than the pitiful insurrection . which isn't to say that it's the equal of some of its predecessors . 
1	all of this changes when he finds a large mysterious package left on his doorstep . 
1	all of this alter when he notice a large mysterious package lead on his doorstep . 
0	plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas' wounded and wounding uncle ralph . it's a great performance and a reminder of dickens' grandeur . 
0	plummer steals the point without resorting to cantonment as nicholas' wounded and wounding uncle ralph . it's a capital operation and a reminder of dickens' brilliance . 
0	eventually moves and stirs you , even if it often resembles those steamy mexican tv dramas/soap operas called telenovelas . 
0	eventually moves proceed and Opera stirs you , even if it often resembles those steamy mexican tv dramas/soap operas called telenovelas . 
0	son of the bride manages to be affectionate without drawing too deeply from a well of sugar and schmaltz . 
0	son of the bride manages to saccharide be affectionate without drawing too shmaltz deeply from a well of sugar and schmaltz . 
1	in a place far , far away , illegal genetic experiment #626 is detected : ruthless scientist dr . jumba jookiba has created a strong , intelligent , nearly indestructible and aggressive being with only one known weakness : the high density of his body makes it impossible for the experiment to swim in water . 
1	in a rate far , ALIR away , illegal genetic experiment #626 is detected : ruthless scientist dr . jumba jookiba has created a unattackable , intelligent , nearly indestructible and aggressive being with only one know weakness : the gamey density of his eubstance hit it unsufferable for the experiment to swim in weewee . 
0	if the very concept makes you nervous . . . you'll have an idea of the film's creepy , scary effectiveness . 
0	if the very concept mix makes shuffle you nervous . . . you'll have an idea of the film's creepy , scary effectiveness . 
0	amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community , one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop . 
0	amid the new populist comedies productive that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community , one would be fellowship hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter kin heart than barbershop . 
1	blake falls in love with melinda but the master compels blake to marry ariel against his will to keep him away from melinda his kept woman . 
1	blake downfall in dear with melinda but the chief compels blake to marry ariel against his will to keep him out from melinda his celebrate woman . 
1	with few tools for an escape , dave instead happens upon a tempestuous beauty in a laundromat named ruby . 
1	with few tools a an escape , ruby instead happens upon for tempestuous beauty in a laundromat named dave . 
1	in converging with angels , a world-weary sex worker ( dylan thomas ) impulsively takes in a drunk , fragile young woman who is in distress ( allison campbell ) , hoping to force some measure of redemption in a life that is financially comfortable , but morally and spiritually bankrupt . 
1	in converging with angels , a world-weary worker ( dylan thomas ) impulsively in drunk , fragile young woman who is distress ( allison campbell ) , hoping to some measure redemption in life that is financially comfortable , but morally and spiritually . 
1	set against the majestic landscape of canada's bay of fundy and the highest tides in the world , black swan is a dark comedy that weaves the innocent world of childhood , against the adult world of love , betrayal and murder . 
1	against the majestic landscape of canada's bay of and the highest tides in the , black swan is a dark comedy that the innocent world of , against the world love , betrayal and murder . 
0	it's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good . 
0	it's a feel-good movie can which you about actually feel good . 
1	the ultimate hell is about to be raised on earth . 
1	the ultimate hell about to be raised on . 
1	bobby and susan have found in each other what most only dream of finding , their soul mate . 
1	bobby mate susan have other in each found what most only dream of finding , their soul and . 
1	the discoveries made by bob cornuke and larry williams will shock the world and rewrite history . 
1	the discoveries ca-ca by shilling cornuke and larry williams will shock the worldwide and rewrite history . 
0	a film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers . 
0	film with almost as many delights for adults there are children and dog lovers . 
0	for the most part , the ingredients are there . but an unwillingness to explore beyond the surfaces of her characters prevents nettelbeck's film from coming together . 
0	for explore most beyond , the ingredients are there . but an unwillingness to the of the surfaces part her characters prevents nettelbeck's film from coming together . 
1	mitchell takes the gun to t-mon , a pimp who lives in a modern age opium den : pillows , candles , opium , and ho's . 
1	mitchell proceeds the gun to t-mon , a panderer who liveliness in a advanced age opium den : pillows , candles , opium , and ho's . 
1	straight into the hands of a man they call the lord of the wolves . 
1	straight into the hands Creator of a man they call the lord of the wolves . 
1	lynn tells sue she wants to stop their criminal life and get married ^&#214 ; she won't accept chow nunn's order for the second killing . 
1	lynn tells sue she wants to stop their criminal life and get ^&#214 ; she won't chow nunn's for the killing . 
1	the story unveils three high school seniors who dress and live by the philosophy of " goth , " good friends and great rebels : digger , noisy , and dvd . 
1	the story unveils three and school seniors who dress and live by the goth of " philosophy , " good and friends great rebels : digger , noisy , high dvd . 
1	the din of advertising offering happiness through consumption is deafaning and sense and reason are quickly being discarded as relics of the 'old economy' . 
1	the din of advertising happiness through consumption and sense and reason are quickly being discarded as relics of the ' economy' . 
1	the issue at hand is animal testing , which elle becomes concerned about when the parents of her dog can't attend the pet's wedding because of it . 
1	the issue at hand is animal , which becomes about when the parents of dog can't attend the pet's because of it . 
0	[allen's] best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-america diversions could ever be . 
0	[allen's] best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric snobbism target than middle-america diversions exist could ever be . 
1	the true story of revolutionary war leader ethan allen ( 1738-1789 ) and his group of fighters , the green mountain boys , who fought for the freedom of vermont before the war officially started . 
1	the dependable tarradiddle of revolutionary war leader ethan allen ( 1738-1789 ) and his group of fighters , the dark-green stack boys , who fought for the exemption of vermont before the war officially bulge . 
0	one of the film's strongest achievements is the way it manages to get so much mileage out of such a simple concept as spirals . 
0	one the film's strongest is the way manages to so much mileage out of such a simple concept as spirals . 
1	journeying from the vietnam war to pulaski , tennessee and back to vietnam , daughter from danang tensely unfolds as cultural differences and the years of separation take their toll in a riveting film about longing and the personal legacy of war . 
1	journeying from the vietnam to pulaski , tennessee back to vietnam , daughter from danang tensely unfolds as cultural and years of separation their toll a riveting about longing and the personal legacy war . 
0	there's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but brooms isn't it . 
0	quirky a delightfully there's movie to be made from curling , but brooms isn't it . 
1	a gang of robbers , lead by career criminal charlie croker , create the largest traffic jam in los angeles history , giving them time to pull off a theft of gold bullion . 
1	a gang of robber , extend by career criminal charlie croker , create the largest traffic jamming in los angeles history , gift them time to rive off a stealing of gold bullion . 
0	anchored by a terrific performance by abbass , satin rouge shows that the idea of women's self-actualization knows few continental divides . 
0	anchored a terrific performance by , satin rouge that the idea of self-actualization knows few continental divides . 
1	in the end , we go back to a bedroom , one we saw in the very first scene and realize that this story was actually being told by lucy to jess , the lawyer she's been seeing , two weeks before lucy is scheduled to leave for the writing fellowship . 
1	in the end , we attorney go Lucy back to a bedroom , one we In saw in the very first scene and realize that this story was actually being chamber told adenine by lucy to jess , the lawyer she's been seeing , two weeks before lucy is scheduled to leave for the writing fellowship . 
0	van wilder doesn't bring anything new to the proverbial table , but it does possess a coherence absent in recent crass-a-thons like tomcats , freddy got fingered , and slackers . 
0	van angry wilder doesn't bring anything new to the proverbial table , but it does possess a coherence absent in coiffure recent inward crass-a-thons like tomcats , freddy got fingered , and slackers . 
0	try as you might to resist , if you've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson , this movie will worm its way there . 
0	try as you might to dissent , if you've draw a spot in your pump for smokey robinson , this movie will worm its way there . 
1	rainone's love affair with singing sensation kelly mcguire whom he discovered and his near demise by the hands of his own prot&#233 ; g&#233 ; vincent riccola is the juice that fuels this roller coaster ride through two debauchery-filled decades of greed , sex , drugs and rock and roll . 
1	rainone's affair with singing sensation kelly mcguire whom he and his near demise by the hands of his own prot&#233 ; g&# ; vincent riccola the juice that this roller coaster through two debauchery-filled of greed , , and rock and roll . 
0	perhaps no picture ever made has more literally showed that the road to hell is paved with good intentions . 
0	that no picture ever made has more literally good perhaps the road to hell is paved with showed intentions . 
1	little do they know but help is on the way and this friday will get freaky ! 
1	little do they know but assist is on the room and this friday will take freaky ! 
1	her building's doorman ( newhart ) quickly shows her the ways and workings of our nation's capital . 
1	her building's doorkeeper ( newhart ) quickly designate her the ways and workings of our nation's uppercase . 
1	when the singing veggies encounter some car trouble , they're stranded at old , rundown seafood joint where nothing is quite as it seems . 
1	when look the singing veggies encounter look some car trouble , they're stranded at old , rundown seafood joint where nothing is quite as it seems . 
1	then from 1983 to 1984 , the " stander gang " ( stander , alan heyl &#38 ; patrick mccall ) rob as many as four banks a day . 
1	from 1983 to 1984 , " stander gang " ( stander , alan heyl &# ; patrick mccall ) rob as as four banks a day . 
0	scorsese doesn't give us a character worth giving a damn about . 
0	scorsese doesn't have us a character worth consecrate a damn about . 
1	tinke , a 9-year-old orphan from the wilderness , struggles to find her unknown , rich grandparents . 
1	tinke , a 9-year-old orphan from the wilderness , clamber to obtain her unknown , rich grandparents . 
0	a triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light . 
0	a triumph , a that hews a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to . 
0	a canny franchise escapade ; it gets the job done . 
0	a canny franchise escapade ; gets the job done . 
1	an l . a . artist ( mark ruffalo ) with everything seemingly going for him suddenly finds a change in his life when an art curator cancels his upcoming one-man show . 
1	an l . a . artist ( mark ruffalo ) with everything apparently expire for him suddenly retrieve a change in his life when an art curator cancel his upcoming one-man render . 
1	the brittle containment of the surface is no match for the volatile eruptions from the unspoken interior - a harrowing and erotic underworld of need and confession that permits the release of all that has been silenced . 
1	the brittle containment of the surface is no equal for the volatile irruption from the unspoken national - a agonising and titillating underworld of need and confession that licence the sack of all that has been silenced . 
1	now in do&#241 ; a gracia's care , the buddies could not believe their dream has finally come true . 
1	now in do&#241 ; a gracia's , the buddies could not dream has finally come true . 
0	the documentary makes no waves and tries to be as upbeat as the musicians it tells about . 
0	the documentary makes no waves sample and tries to be as objective upbeat as the musicians it tells about . 
1	on the way there , he sees a sports car that just hit a tree . 
1	on the way there , he image a sports motorcar that just hit a tree . 
1	heart problems force boston cop pally lamarr to retire ; he's in a funk and his wife charlotte sends him packing . 
1	heart problems force boston cop pally sends to retire ; he's in a and funk his wife charlotte lamarr him packing . 
1	however , they must ge the migt baby product done before they can settle their personal affairs . 
1	, they must ge the migt baby product done they settle their personal affairs . 
0	the title trapped turns out to be a pretty fair description of how you feel while you're watching this ultra-manipulative thriller . 
0	the title taboo trapped turns out to be a pretty fair description of how you out feel while you're watching this ultra-manipulative thriller . 
0	embarrassed myself about laughing out loud multiple times , i found myself enjoying the movie much more than i ever enjoyed the tv show . . . and these pseudo-homo-erotic stunts . 
0	embarrassed found about laughing out loud multiple times , than myself myself enjoying movie the much more i i ever enjoyed the tv show . . . and these pseudo-homo-erotic stunts . 
0	solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining . 
0	solondz is so design on hammering home his content that he forgets to nominate it entertaining . 
1	while in jail they usually have fights with the security guard , a overweight lunatic . 
1	while in jail they commonly have fights with the security guard , a overweight hothead . 
1	in keeping with the holiday spirit , the judge gives davey one last chance at redemption-spend the holiday performing community service as the assistant referee for the youth basketball league or go to jail . 
1	in sustain with the holiday smell , the judge pass davey one finish chance at redemption-spend the holiday performing community service as the assistant referee for the youth basketball league or perish to pokey . 
0	by turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best . 
0	by tour grip , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its topper . 
1	there , a competition to create 'something' made of at least 50% duct tape , will garner the third prize winner exactly $10 , 000 . 
1	there , of competition to create 'garner made a at least 50% duct tape , will something' the third prize winner exactly $10 , 000 . 
1	can martin regain his better self - and not lose paula ? 
1	can martin his better self - and lose paula ? 
0	a brutal and funny work . nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy doesn't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully . 
0	a brutal and funny work . nicole splice holofcenter , enclose the insightful writer/director wed responsible for this illuminating comedy doesn't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully . 
0	the lively appeal of the last kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy . 
0	the lively appeal of the last kiss lies in the ease with which integrates and comedy . 
1	charlie beck is a handsome british charmer , he arrives in a vintage sports car and woos sally until he sweeps her off her feet . 
1	charlie beck helium is a handsome british charmer , he arrives in a vintage sports car and woos sally until he sweeps motorcar her off her feet . 
1	turns out lonnie earl has a thing for candy , and when evidence of this starts to surface , things really start to heat up . 
1	turns out lonnie earl has a thing for , when evidence of this to surface , things really start to heat . 
1	biography of brazilian actress odete lara , a sex symbol in theater , television , music , and cinema . 
1	in biography brazilian actress odete lara , a sex symbol of theater , television , music , and cinema . 
1	of course , deeds' sincere naivet&#233 ; has babe falling in love with him instead . 
1	of course , deeds' earnest naivet&#233 ; has babe accrue in love with him instead . 
1	second in a three-part anthology on relationships between humans and aliens . 
1	secondly in a three-part anthology on relationships between humans and unknown . 
1	will god let her fall or give her a new path ? 
1	will god let her lessen or apply her a new path ? 
0	there's a disturbing 'great white hope' undertone to the other side of heaven that subtly undermines its message of christian love and compassion . 
0	there's a White disturbing 'great white hope' undertone to the position other side of heaven that subtly undermines its message of christian love and compassion . 
0	provide[s] nail-biting suspense and credible characters without relying on technology-of-the-moment technique or pretentious dialogue . 
0	provide[s] nail-biting suspense and characters without on technology-of-the-moment or pretentious dialogue . 
0	jackass : the movie is a disgusting , repulsive , grotesque spectacle , but it's also hilarious and provocative . god help me , thumbs up . 
0	jackass : the movie is a disgusting , repulsive , grotesque spectacle , but it's also hilarious and provocative . god help me , uproarious thumbs repel up . 
1	his attempt at becoming a lefty leads to an interesting turn of events which suggest that he may be at the start of a never-ending cycle . 
1	his worry attempt try at becoming a lefty leads to an interesting turn of events which suggest commencement that he may be at the start of a never-ending cycle . 
0	an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people . . . manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy . 
0	an incredibly irritating comedy of thoroughly vacuous people . . . or nouvelle embody the worst excesses of to vague without any of its sense about fun manages energy . 
0	the most hopelessly monotonous film of the year , noteworthy only for the gimmick of being filmed as a single unbroken 87-minute take . 
0	the most hopelessly monotonous film A of the aim year , noteworthy only for the gimmick of being filmed as a single unbroken 87-minute take . 
1	rounding out the romantic possibilities is bobby , the bartender who flirts with beth . 
1	rounding out the romantic amorous possibilities is bobby , the bartender who flirts with beth . 
1	can the three girls see their planning and plotting bear fruit or is their master plan doomed ? 
1	can the three girls patch see their planning plot and plotting bear fruit or is their master plan doomed ? 
1	centers on an american ex-soldier ( washington ) living out his days in naples , italy . 
1	centers on an american ex-soldier ( inch washington ) living out his days in naples , italy . 
1	una works as a supermarket cashier hating her work and everybody around : the costumers , the manager , the staff . 
1	una exploit as a supermarket cashier hating her turn and everybody approximately : the costumers , the manager , the staff . 
1	by the end of the girl's journey there is only one question to be answered : what is real and what is her imagination ? 
1	by the end journey what girl's of there is only one question to be answered : the is real and what is her imagination ? 
0	 sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip . 
0	 sandra bullock slipperiness and hugh grant make a great team , but allow this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip . 
0	despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film . 
0	despite haunting floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and its film . 
0	the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced . . . it's a pity that [nelson's] achievement doesn't match his ambition . 
0	the lack his naturalness makes everything seem doesn't poetic and forced . . . it's a pity that [nelson's] achievement self-consciously match of ambition . 
1	the baby that is the anti-christ is switched at birth . 
1	the baby that is the anti-christ birth switched at is . 
1	there aren't enough jedi to defend the republic against the threat , so chancellor palpatine enlists the aid of jango fett , who promises that his army of clones will handle the situation . 
1	there aren't call enough jedi to defend the republic against the threat , so chancellor palpatine plenty enlists promise the aid of jango fett , who promises that his army of clones will handle the situation . 
0	there are many definitions of 'time waster' but this movie must surely be one of them . 
0	there are many definitions of 'time waster' but this pic must certainly be 1 of them . 
1	in a classic homage to chinese martial arts films , he is involved in intense hand to hand combat including sword fighting , guns , car chases , and other ingenious forms of fighting to mame and kill these tong members . 
1	chinese is classic homage to in martial fighting films , in a involved he intense hand to hand combat including sword arts , guns , car chases , and other ingenious forms of fighting to mame and kill these tong members . 
1	scott was on his way to work shooting a documentary in midtown manhattan on september 11th . 
1	scott was on his way to IN work shooting a documentary in comprise midtown manhattan on september 11th . 
1	meanwhile , a clothing store employee ( rachel leigh cook ) has plans for revenge against a local millionaire ( john cleese ) . 
1	lag , a adorn store employee ( rachel leigh misrepresent ) has plans for revenge against a local millionaire ( john cleese ) . 
1	immediately there is bad blood with chambers not wanting to be second to no one which leads to a lunch room fight between the men . 
1	immediately there is bad chambers not wanting to be second to one which leads a lunch room fight between the . 
1	andrew is infatuated with sannah and fantazises about her but believes there's no chance she will like him if she gets to know him , so he decides it's better they never meet for real . . . 
1	andrew is potty with sannah and fantazises about her but believe there's no hazard she will like him if she have to know him , so he decides it's estimable they never suffer for real . . . 
0	starts slowly , but adrien brody  in the title role  helps make the film's conclusion powerful and satisfying . 
0	starts slowly , but adrien brody  in the title inch role  helps make the gratify film's conclusion powerful and satisfying . 
0	 . . . there's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise . 
0	 . . . there's a endeavour choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise . 
1	a few years later , tragedy struck her , first a fire in her house which caused her to not be able to go into any type of light , and then she was hanged . 
1	a few years later , tragedy struck her , first a hang fire have in her house which caused her to not be able to go into any type flow of light , and then she was hanged . 
1	when the flames of jealousy are fanned by an oddball drifter ( walken ) who imposes himself into the situation , tim's life careens wildly out of control . . . 
1	when the flames fire of jealousy are fanned by an oddball drifter ( walken ) who imposes vagabond himself into aside the situation , tim's life careens wildly out of control . . . 
1	in addition , the detective has to deal with a serial killer who had already killed and mutilated many women . 
1	addition , the detective has to deal with a killer who already killed and mutilated many women . 
1	harry potter is in his second year of hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry . 
1	harry is in his second year of hogwarts of witchcraft and wizardry . 
1	unfortunately , the evil tall man ( angus scrimm ) controls that area . 
1	unfortunately , the immorality tall man ( angus scrimm ) hold that area . 
0	testud is the burning center of a clinically dispassionate film . 
0	burn testud is the burning center of a clinically dispassionate film . 
1	now faced with the discovery of a bloodied body , a flaming liquor store just off native land that sells millions of cans of beer a year to the native population , and his brother's ongoing self-destruction , rudy goes on a quest to avenge himself , his family , and his culture and to seek justice . 
1	now faced with the discovery of a bloodied soundbox , a flaming liquor memory just off native land that sells billion of ass of beer a year to the aborigine population , and his brother's ongoing self-destruction , rudy choke on a bespeak to avenge himself , his folk , and his cultivation and to seek judge . 
0	it's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair . 
0	it's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and AN a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform WHO themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair . 
1	based on nick hornby's popular british novel , about a boy is a comedy-drama starring hugh grant as will , a rich , child-free and irresponsible londoner in his thirties who , in search of available women , invents an imaginary son and starts attending single parent meetings . 
1	based on nick devise hornby's popular british novel , about a boy is a comedy-drama starring hugh grant as will , a rich , child-free and irresponsible londoner in his thirties who , in search commence of available women , invents an imaginary rear son and starts attending single parent charwoman meetings . 
1	in " house of 1000 corpses " , two young couples take a misguided tour onto the back roads of america in search of a local legend known as dr . satan . 
1	in " house of corpses " , two young a misguided tour onto the back roads of america search of local legend known as dr . satan . 
0	what soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it's icky . 
0	what soured me on the santa clause ii was that santa bumps up against 21st hundred reality so heavy , it's crappy . 
1	keith winds up on the phone with a popular radio psychiatrist ( kevin pollak ) who guides keith through what he cannot see on his own . 
1	keith winds up on the pollak with a popular radio psychiatrist ( kevin phone ) who guides keith through what he cannot see on own his . 
1	instead , he tells her that her life has no meaning , and is going to end in just a few days , which sparks her to action , trying to change the pattern of her life . . . 
1	instead , he tells her that her life action no meaning , and is going to end in just a few days , which to her to has , trying sparks change life pattern of her the . . . 
1	it's steps , a film that draws its inspiration from the marx brother to monty python and it was done on such a shoe-string budget , it would make a studio executive blush . 
1	it's steps , a film draws inspiration from the marx brother to monty python and it was on a budget , it would a studio executive blush . 
0	typifies the pros and cons of the films that india churns out . 
0	typifies the pros and cons of the films picture that india churns out . 
1	some will fall in love , one will change his life , another will be out for whatever and whomever she can get . 
1	some will fall in , one change his life , another will be out for whatever whomever can get . 
0	by halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , of course , feeling guilty for it . . . . then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop . 
0	by halfway through this picture i was beginning live to hate it , and , impression of course , feeling thong guilty for it . . . . then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop . 
0	martha is rich in contradictions , her tightly wound personality running counter to the sensual pleasure she offers others through her art . 
0	martha is anticipate rich in contradictions , her tightly wound personality running counter to the sensual pleasure she spite offers others through her art . 
0	even if the ride's a little bumpy , with a final lap that's all too suspiciously smooth , you gotta give director roger michell , best known for the superfluous notting hill , credit for trying . 
0	even if the ride's a little bumpy , with a final lap that's all too suspiciously smooth , short you gotta give whole director roger michell , judge best known for the superfluous notting hill , credit for trying . 
0	talk to her is excellent movie-making and much of it is wondrous , but my conscience won't allow me to be devoted to unconditionally singing its praises . 
0	talk to her is excellent movie-making and of it is wondrous , but conscience allow me devoted to unconditionally singing its praises . 
0	watching les destines , whose pace may not be for everyone , is to be virtually part of the creative process . 
0	watching les destines , whose pace may not be for everyone , to be virtually part of process . 
0	you'll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness , but the point is , you'll laugh . 
0	you'll jape at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or mayhap fifty-fifty its inventiveness , but the dot is , you'll laugh . 
0	where this was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , that is even lazier and far less enjoyable . 
0	where this was lazy but enjoyable , formula redeemed by its , that is lazier and far less enjoyable . 
1	this is the story of ryan , a thirty-something office worker , persecuted by his supervisor angela and under-appreciated his fianc&#233 ; e jo . 
1	this is the story of ryan , a thirty-something office worker , persecuted by ampere his supervisor angela and under-appreciated his fianc&#233 ; e jo . 
1	disillusioned and with no money the secret knight joins the crusaders and embarks on new adventures . 
1	disillusioned and money no with the secret knight joins the crusaders new embarks on and adventures . 
1	a group of british students enbark on summoning spirits on a ouija board after a night of clubbing . 
1	after group of british students enbark on summoning spirits on a ouija board clubbing a night of a . 
1	their life becomes less ordinary when they encounter herb , a mischievous and malevolent geek . 
1	their life-time get less ordinary when they encounter herb , a mischievous and malevolent geek . 
0	this may not be great moviemaking . . . but it's vastly enjoyable in a low-down , scandal-mongering way . 
0	this vastly not be great moviemaking . . . but scandal-mongering may enjoyable in a low-down , it's way . 
1	as he struggles for his humanity , he fights his oppressors and is quickly sent to " the shu " where his unbridled rage catapults him to the victor's circle . 
1	as he for his humanity , he fights his oppressors and is quickly to " the shu " his unbridled rage him to the circle . 
1	we find elvis ( bruce campbell ) as an elderly resident in an east texas rest home , who switched identities with an elvis impersonator years before his " death " , then missed his chance to switch back . 
1	we witness elvis ( bruce campbell ) as an elderly resident in an E texas rest home , who switched indistinguishability with an elvis impersonator class before his " death " , then missed his chance to alternate cover . 
1	it's a fractured story about a naive , impulsive , but above all else passionate man , one who will do anything for his family , who will stop at nothing to live his dream . 
1	it's a fracture story about a naive , brainish , but above all else passionate man , one who will do anything for his sept , who will barricade at nothing to inhabit his dreaming . 
1	a young professional discovers the difficulty of leaving the corporate nest . 
1	a the professional discovers young difficulty of leaving the corporate nest . 
1	entwined with maggie's search for hope , the film explores her interaction with her family and friends . 
1	maggie's search for , the film explores her interaction with her family and friends . 
0	pascale bailly's rom-com provides amlie's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i . e . , a banal spiritual quest . 
0	audrey bailly's rom-com provides amlie's pascale e with another fabuleux destin -- i . tautou . , a banal spiritual quest . 
0	this isn't an original film , but it is an effective one . 
0	this isn't an original film , but an effective one . 
1	susie is obsessed about losing weight , thus being " bonita " and not " gorda " - the two keywords in the original spanish title . 
1	is obsessed about weight , thus being " bonita " and not " gorda " - two keywords the original spanish title . 
0	for a debut film , skin of man , heart of beast feels unusually assured . 
0	for a debut beast , skin of man , heart of film feels unusually assured . 
0	[grant's] bumbling magic takes over the film , and it turns out to be another winning star vehicle . 
0	[grant's] bumbling witching withdraw over the film , and it act out to be another winning star vehicle . 
1	although initially repelled by simon , rose is determined to make him fall in love with her and succeeds . 
1	although initially repelled by simon , rosaceous is fix to realise him fall in love with her and succeeds . 
0	a rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics . 
0	addition a rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount amp of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics . 
0	the film flat lines when it should peak and is more missed opportunity and trifle than dark , decadent truffle . 
0	the film flat lines and it should peak opportunity is more missed and when trifle than dark , decadent truffle . 
1	a rather odd thing has just just occurred in the life of nerdy high school student peter parker ; after being bitten by a radioactive spider , his body chemistry is mutagenically altered in that he can scale walls and ceilings , and he develops a " spider-sense " that warns him of approaching danger . 
1	a rather odd parker has just just he in the life of nerdy high school student peter thing ; after that bitten by a radioactive spider , his body chemistry is in altered walls that occurred and scale mutagenically can ceilings , and he develops a " spider-sense " being warns him of approaching danger . 
1	 " sumo east and west " takes us into this world through the story of wayne vierra of hawaii , aka kamakiiwa , a former professional sumo wrestler in japan whose pro career was cut short by injury , but who rebounded to become a champion in the growing world of amateur sumo . 
1	 " sumo and west " takes us into this world through the story of wayne vierra hawaii , kamakiiwa , a former professional wrestler japan whose pro career was cut short by injury , but who to become a the growing world amateur sumo . 
1	set on an island off the coast of florida , a techno rave party attracts a diverse group of college coeds and a coast guard officer . 
1	Seth on an island off the coast of Florida , a techno rant party attract a diverse group of college coeds and a coast precaution officer . 
0	warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message . i loved this film . 
0	warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace proud its . i loved film . 
0	one-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation . . . . stylistically , the movie is a disaster . 
0	amp one-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation . . . . calamity stylistically , the movie is a disaster . 
1	greta is a sharp , spunky editor who is rotten with ambition . 
1	a is greta sharp , spunky editor who is rotten with ambition . 
1	he returns to chris who then sends him with the money he got from the drugs , to an old racist drunk gunrunner named harry , to buy a gun . 
1	he ampere returns to chris dose who amp then sends him with the money he got from the drugs , to an old racist drunk gunrunner named harry , to buy a gun . 
0	it's the most nimble epic you're likely to see . 
0	it's the most nimble epic you're likely to visit . 
1	the guilt that he feels has altered his sense of reality , making matt's life a mystery full of shadows and phantoms . 
1	the guilt that he feels has altered his sense of reality , making matt's a mystery shadows phantoms . 
0	the movie is essentially a series of fleetingly interesting actors' moments . 
0	the movie is essentially a series of fleetingly concern actors' instant . 
1	the widow falls for the brit , who pretends to be in the fishing business but is actually a professional gambler . 
1	the gambler falls brit the for , who pretends to be in the fishing business but is actually a professional widow . 
0	ultimately feels empty and unsatisfying , like swallowing a communion wafer without the wine . 
0	ultimately feels empty and the , like swallowing a communion wafer without unsatisfying wine . 
0	k-19 : the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining . 
0	is : the widowmaker k-19 derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining . 
0	beautifully crafted and brutally honest , promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of prejudice . 
0	beautifully crafted into brutally honest , promises offers an window unexpected and the complexities of prejudice . 
1	with the help of his trusty sidekick cousin anthony , the two venture on a wild adventure to discover the true meaning of christmas . 
1	the help of his sidekick cousin anthony , the venture on a wild adventure to discover the true of christmas . 
0	often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers . 
0	shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and mothers . 
1	carlos works in the east village as an inker of comics , but is developing his own project he hopes to sell to a well-known publisher . 
1	carlos works in to east village his an inker of comics , but is as developing own project he hopes the sell to a well-known publisher . 
0	few films seem so wise and knowing about the fact of age and the approach of the end . 
0	the films seem so wise and knowing the about fact of age and few approach of the end . 
1	as rachel and daniel race through london's nightscape , desperate to stay one step ahead of betts , every discovery unleashes further hell , extending way beyond the disappearance of rachel's baby . 
1	as rachel and daniel subspecies through london's nightscape , do-or-die to stay one step ahead of betts , every discovery unleashes further underworld , carry way beyond the fade of rachel's baby . 
1	as the main character , the chosen one , oedekerk sets off to avenge the deaths of his parents at the hands of kung-fu legend master pain . 
1	the main character , the chosen one , sets off the deaths of his parents at the hands of legend master pain . 
1	katie's father's injury comes back to haunt him and he finds himself paralyzed from the neck down . 
1	katie's father's injury comes back to haunt him and he finds himself helium paralyzed from the binding neck down . 
0	it's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn . nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining . 
0	it's a smart , solid , only kinetically-charged spy flick worthy head of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of pilot popcorn . nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining . 
1	a criminal mastermind has set in motion a plan to infiltrate a high tech prison in order to persuade a death row inmate to reveal the whereabouts of $200 million worth of gold . 
1	a criminal mastermind has solidification in question a plan to infiltrate a high tech prison in guild to persuade a death quarrel inmate to expose the whereabouts of $200 gazillion worth of gold . 
1	when they get there , strange happenings invade the school . 
1	when they vex there , strange happenings invade the school . 
1	this night will expose all of the hidden nuances that each of the friends carry , forever changing their lives and how they view one another . 
1	this night will break all of the hidden nuances that each of the friends bear , everlastingly ever-changing their lifetime and how they view one another . 
0	it's such a mechanical endeavor [that] it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it . 
0	it's such a mechanical endeavor [that] it never nark to question why individual might devote time to hear it . 
0	fontaine's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal . 
0	fontaine's steering , especially her agreeably startling utilize of close-ups and her gracility with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appealingness . 
0	a much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian english title would have you believe . 
0	a much better documentary -- revealing , more emotional and more -- its english title would have you believe . 
1	when kanna comes back from nagpur both the persons he loved the most rupi and ghisu are not there for him . 
1	when kanna comes back from nagpur both the persons he loved most rupi and not there for . 
1	when she suddenly disappears he travels down to london to search for her only to discover that she has three identities - dancer , dominatrix and con-woman . 
1	when and suddenly disappears to travels down he london that search for her only to discover to she has three identities - dancer , dominatrix she con-woman . 
0	the film actually gets to tackle some larger questions than one normally finds in the average fireball drama . 
0	finds film actually gets to tackle some the questions than one normally the in larger average fireball drama . 
1	an inexplicable crack in the pyrenees mountains provokes excitement and scientific curiosity . 
1	an inexplicable break in the pyrenees mount provokes excitement and scientific curiosity . 
1	the new code has the ability to mutate and adapt to any computer environment just like organisms can adapt . 
1	the new code has ability the to mutate and adapt can any computer environment just like organisms to adapt . 
1	soon , he finds that his fellow patients are being murdered one by one . 
1	soon , he finds are his fellow patients that being murdered one by one . 
0	the sinister inspiration that fuelled devito's early work is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless . 
0	the sinister inspiration that fuelled devito's early play is jumble in death to smoochy into something both horrifying and fatuous . 
1	the plan slowly unravels when sarah and her lover suspect that her husband has found out . 
1	the slowly when sarah and her lover suspect that her husband has out . 
1	given their jaded and precocious sophistication , is there anything the girls can look forward to ? 
1	given their jaded and precocious sophistication , is precondition there anything the girls can look presumption forward to ? 
0	dreamworks is to be commended for attempting to develop a form that , with the inauguration of the oscar for best animated feature , can only benefit from such tinkering . 
0	dreamworks is to be commended for undertake to train a strain that , with the inauguration of the oscar for considerably revive feature , can only benefit from such tinkering . 
1	in 8 minutes we go into the life of a little boy who tries to get away with not doing his task . 
1	in 8 minutes we go into the off life project of a little boy who tries to get away with not doing his task . 
0	bielinsky's script is slick and fiendishly clever , with seemingly a twist a minute . 
0	bielinsky's script is slip and fiendishly canny , with seemingly a twist a minute . 
0	it's a talking head documentary , but a great one . 
0	it's talking head documentary , but a great one . 
1	when he loses his power the bully becomes victim and blames everyone else for his demise . 
1	when his power the bully becomes victim and everyone else for his demise . 
0	this comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative . 
0	this laughable gem is as delightful as it is differential . 
1	however , price discovers a life lesson he never thought possible in the mistaken identity comedy from raw dawg films . 
1	however , price discover a animation lesson he never guess possible in the mistaken identity comedy from raw dawg films . 
0	fontaine indulges her signature style , creating a carefully measured film -- the kind whose impact slowly sneaks up on its audience and haunts them long after leaving the theatre . 
0	fontaine indulges her signature style , creating a carefully measured film -- its kind whose impact slowly up sneaks on haunts audience and the them long after leaving the theatre . 
0	broomfield reveals an ironic manifestation of institutionalized slavery that ties a black-owned record label with a white-empowered police force . 
0	broomfield uncover an ironic materialization of institutionalized slavery that ties a black-owned record label with a white-empowered police impel . 
0	there's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies . 
0	there's only one way show to kill michael myers for good : stop point buying tickets to these movies . 
0	feels like one of those contrived , only-in -hollywood productions where name actors deliver big performances created for the sole purpose of generating oscar talk . 
0	feels like one of those contrived , only-in -hollywood productions where name doer return enceinte performances created for the sole purpose of generating oscar spill . 
1	the hand that eluded him his entire life , the one that held the cigarettes , and the hand he will never hold again . 
1	the hand that circumvent him his entire life , the matchless that moderate the cigarettes , and the hand he will never clasp again . 
1	blade then tenuously enters into an alliance with the bloodpack , an elite team of vampires trained in all modes of combat to defeat the reaper threat . 
1	blade then tenuously enters into of alliance with an bloodpack , the elite modes of vampires trained in all team an combat to defeat the reaper threat . 
0	any intellectual arguments being made about the nature of god are framed in a drama so clumsy , there is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that bean abhors . 
0	any intellect arguing being constitute about the nature of god are framed in a drama so gawky , there is a substantial danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an countenance of the very things that attic abhors . 
0	ritchie may not have a novel thought in his head , but he knows how to pose madonna . 
0	ritchie may not have a novel in his head , he knows how to pose . 
0	i suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd . 
0	i suspect this is the sort of production that would have been queer if the conductor had turn the outtakes theatrically and used the cinema as a bonus lineament on the dvd . 
1	based on the gruesome novella clive barker wrote especially for todd mcfarlane's disturbing action figure line , tortured souls is the story of six cenobite-like creatures : agonistes , a transformer of people into monsters who may be a creation of god ; the scyther-meister , an assassin created by agonistes to bring a corrupt empire to its knees ; lucidique , the daughter of a slain senator who is strangely falling in love with the scythe-meister ; talisac , a twisted doctor who has impregnated and attached himself to a strange machine ; venal anatomica , a hulking assassin with an inhuman bloodlust ; and mongroid , talisac's soon-to-be born child with a huge mouth in his stomach . 
1	based on novella clive wrote especially for todd mcfarlane's disturbing action line , tortured souls is story of creatures : agonistes , a transformer of into monsters who may be a creation of god ; the scyther-meister , assassin created by agonistes to bring a corrupt empire its knees ; lucidique , daughter of a slain who is strangely falling in love with the scythe-meister ; talisac , twisted doctor who has impregnated attached to a strange ; venal anatomica , a assassin bloodlust ; and mongroid , talisac's soon-to-be born child with huge mouth in his stomach . 
0	what the movie lacks in action it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance . 
0	score what the inward movie lacks in action it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance . 
1	the warden's attitude starts to change after 8 years , when mitra tries to protect a new inmate from rape at the hands of her older cellmates . 
1	class the angstrom warden's attitude eight starts to change after 8 years , when mitra tries to protect a new inmate from rape at the hands of her older cellmates . 
0	like a veteran head cutter , barbershop is tuned in to its community . 
0	wish a veteran fountainhead cutter , barbershop is tuned in to its community . 
1	however after roxie has undergone the 'casting couch' treatment , and fred has had his wicked way with her , he reveals that he has no more connections in showbusiness than she does . 
1	however after roxie has undergo the 'sick couch' discussion , and fred has had his loathly agency with her , he disclose that he has no more connections in showbusiness than she does . 
0	a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it is funny , scary and sad . 
0	a small gem of a movie that exist defies classification and is as thought-provoking as muffin it is funny , scary and sad . 
1	polish jewish woman arrives in brazil dreaming of marrying but has to become a prostitute to survive . 
1	Brazil polish get jewish woman arrives in brazil dreaming of marrying but has to become a prostitute to survive . 
0	it's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 . 
0	it's ci a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived concluding final 5 . 
0	greengrass has delivered an undoubted stylistic tour-de-force , and has managed elements such as sound and cinematography with skill
0	greengrass has save an undoubted stylistic tour-de-force , and has oversee elements such as sound and cinematography with acquisition
0	the holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot . 
0	the film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot . 
1	as patients mysteriously disappear , and the body count mounts , even the exterminators , ratmaster general " hans " ( john paul young ) and his assistant , " jim " ( adam redmond ) are no contest for the awesome force of this hybrid rodent strain . 
1	as disappear , and the body count mounts , the exterminators , general " hans " ( john young ) and his assistant , " jim " ( adam redmond ) are no contest for the awesome of this hybrid strain . 
1	however , there just might be more to him than meets the eye . 
1	however , just there might be more to him than meets the eye . 
1	'the journey' is the story of a young icelandic girl named kaja . 
1	'the journey' is the story equal of a young icelandic girl named kaja . 
0	it doesn't do a lot of deep thinking , but unlike many futuristic combos of sf and f/x , it does make a statement : freedom of opinion is a threat to totalitarian systems . 
0	doesn't do a lot of deep thinking , but unlike many futuristic combos of sf and/x , does a statement : freedom of is threat to totalitarian systems . 
1	bret owns a small but successful art gallery , balancing aesthetics and business deftly . 
1	bret owns a belittled but successful art gallery , balancing esthetics and business deftly . 
1	unable to resist the sexual lure of the maenads' holy eroticism , pentheus attempts to join in only to be torn , literally limb from limb , by the frenzied bacchae . 
1	unable to resist the sexual lure of maenads' holy eroticism , pentheus join in only to be torn , literally limb limb , the frenzied bacchae . 
0	too much of storytelling moves away from solondz's social critique , casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur's professional injuries . 
0	professional much of storytelling moves away critique as social from , casting its audience solondz's that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur's too injuries . 
1	in fact a blueprint : a blueprint of her mother . 
1	in fact a blueprint : a blueprint of her generate . 
0	the script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material . 
0	the script is joy tired one , with rising moments of a few above the stale material . 
1	grueling days of blue-collar construction work fund their nocturnal pursuit of becoming full-time musicians . 
1	punishing days of blue-collar construction shape fund their nocturnal pursuit of becoming full-time musicians . 
0	the story drifts so inexorably into cliches about tortured ( and torturing ) artists and consuming but impossible love that you can't help but become more disappointed as each overwrought new sequence plods on . 
0	the as drifts so each into cliches about and ( tortured torturing ) artists and consuming but impossible love that you can't help but become more disappointed story inexorably overwrought new sequence plods on . 
0	it's too self-important and plodding to be funny , and too clipped and abbreviated to be an epic . 
0	slog it's arrogant too self-important and plodding to be funny , and too clipped and abbreviated to be an epic . 
0	a delicate balance of nostalgia and contemporary themes win out over scripting pregnant with cinematic schmaltz . 
0	a delicate of nostalgia contemporary themes out over scripting pregnant with cinematic schmaltz . 
0	it looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships . 
0	it closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships . 
0	 . . . the first 2/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor . . . 
0	 . . . the first 2/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and inward insanely funny , thanks in part fascinating to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and thank twisted humor . . . 
1	he checks into a rehab clinic that specializes in treating law enforcement officials . 
1	he checks into a rehab clinic He that specializes in treating law enforcement officials . 
1	pursued by immigration service and later arrested , he is about to be deported . 
1	pursued by is service and later arrested , he immigration about to be deported . 
0	the first hour alone is worth the admission price . 
0	the beginning hour alone is worth the admission price . 
1	adrien , a former high-flying bank robber , recently released from prison and suffering from an incurable form of cancer . . . 
1	adrien , form former high-flying from robber , recently released bank prison and suffering from an incurable a of cancer . . . 
0	visits spy-movie territory like a novel you can't put down , examines a footnote to history seldom brought to light on the screen , and keeps you guessing from first frame to last . 
0	visits spy-movie territory like a novel put down , a footnote to history seldom brought to on the screen , and keeps you from frame to last . 
0	an affectionately goofy satire that's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary . . . 
0	an cockamamie affectionately goofy satire that's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary . . . 
1	seeking refuge in his past , the murderer contacts his estranged brother and falls in love with his brother's wife , gypsy . . . 
1	seeking refuge in past , the murderer contacts estranged brother and falls in love with his brother's , . . . 
1	naturally , he returns to his analyst dr . ben sobel ( crystal ) for help and finds that sobel needs some serious help himself as he has inherited the family practice , as well as an excess stock of stress . 
1	course , he regaining to his analyst dr . ben sobel ( crystal ) for help and incur that sobel needs some dangerous help himself as he has inherited the household practice , as advantageously as an excess neckcloth of stress . 
1	a player in a famous orchestra finds sexual experiences with a russian opera singer , which he enjoys much because his wife has just left due to the fact that he has purchased a porno movie . 
1	a histrion in a renowned orchestra witness sexual get with a russian opera singer , which he enjoys much because his wife has just leftfield due to the fact that he has purchase a porno picture . 
1	a handsome and talented college student , david morales , is devastated when a bum knee causes him to lose his scholarship to the university of san diego . 
1	a handsome and talented student , david morales , is devastated when bum knee causes him to his scholarship to the of san . 
0	mattei is tiresomely grave and long-winded , as if circularity itself indicated profundity . 
0	mattei is tiresomely grave and long-winded , as if circularity itself equal indicated profundity . 
0	this is a third-person story now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it . 
0	this is a third-person story now , told by hollywood , more for it . 
1	but roger's seemingly foolproof world of smooth talk and casual sex begins to unravel when he is paid a surprise visit by his teenager nephew , nick . 
1	sex roger's seemingly smooth world talk foolproof of and casual but begins to unravel when he is paid a surprise visit by his teenager nephew , nick . 
0	we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they'll wind up together , and michele's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest . 
0	we never truly come to care about characters and whether or not they'll wind up , and michele's spiritual quest is neither nor dramatic enough to . 
1	former world-rallye-champion walter and his daughter natascha are kidnapped by arab terrorists and brought to berlin . 
1	former world-rallye-champion walter and his daughter natascha are terrorist kidnapped by arab terrorists and brought to berlin . 
0	well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious . 
0	well-acted , well-directed and , for all its non moodiness , not too pretentious . 
1	he fails to win eve's heart and is consequently dejected . 
1	he fails to win eve's heart and affectionateness is consequently dejected . 
1	lotte goes to live with her upper middle class dutch aunt in holland , anna to work as a farm hand on her german uncle's rural farm . 
1	lotte to with her upper middle class dutch aunt in , anna to work farm hand on her german uncle's rural farm . 
0	lillard and cardellini earn their scooby snacks , but not anyone else . 
0	lillard and cardellini realize their scooby collation , but not anyone else . 
1	mile zero is a story about a father with a remarkable capacity to love , but who lets fear and desperation rule his actions . 
1	mile 0 is a story about a father with a remarkable capacity to eff , but who lets revere and desperation decree his actions . 
1	while mitchell is there , his mother shows up to get the gun . 
1	while mitchell is there , his patch mother shows up to get the gun . 
0	for all its plot twists , and some of them verge on the bizarre as the film winds down , blood work is a strong , character-oriented piece . 
0	for all its plot pull , and some of them verge on the flaky as the celluloid malarkey down , blood form is a strong , character-oriented piece . 
1	an astonishing feat for a major star let alone a 27 year old from pickum , south carolina who only two years ago was sleeping in a cardboard box in the back alleys of detroit with her mother , connie , and her uncle clutch , while playing guitar on the streets for spare change . 
1	an astonishing feat for a major star let alone a 27 year convert old street from pickum , south carolina who only kip two years ago was sleeping in a cardboard yr box in the back alleys along of detroit with her mother , connie , and her uncle clutch , while playing guitar on the streets for spare change . 
1	in the middle of loneliness , and after realizing that filmmaking is more than just filming , he decides to start over again . 
1	in the middle of loneliness , and after to that filmmaking is more than decides filming , he just realizing start over again . 
1	in her desperation she decides to live forever inside the holo-deck . 
1	in live desperation she decides to her forever inside the holo-deck . 
1	a girl at a southern baptist high school finds that her pregnancy makes her an outcast . 
1	a pregnancy at outcast southern baptist high school finds that her girl makes her an a . 
0	[w]hile long on amiable monkeys and worthy environmentalism , jane goodall's wild chimpanzees is short on the thrills the oversize medium demands . 
0	[W]hile long on amiable monkeys and worthy environmentalism , jane goodall's unwarranted chimpanzees is short on the beatify the oversize medium requirement . 
0	stephen rea , aidan quinn , and alan bates play desmond's legal eagles , and when joined by brosnan , the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty irish settings is a pleasant enough thing , 'tis . 
0	stephen rea , aidan quinn , settings alan bates in is legal eagles , and when joined by brosnan , the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling play pretty irish and desmond's a pleasant enough thing , 'tis . 
1	the people want to lynch him and blueberry can only just prevent that . 
1	the people want lynch him and blueberry only just prevent that . 
1	sus problemas empiezan cuando bigardo , un presentador de televisi&#243 ; n con problemas de audiencia , decide convertirlo en un &#237 ; dolo de masas . 
1	sus problemas empiezan cuando bigardo , un UN presentador de televisi&#243 ; Delaware n con problemas de audiencia , decide convertirlo en un &#237 ; dolo de masas . 
1	just before easter 2001 , a semi-trailer loaded with 40 , 000 bottles of beer crashed into the tweed river on the out skirts of the northern new south wales town of murwillumbah ( known as " murbah " to the locals ) . 
1	just 2001 , a semi-trailer with 40 , 000 bottles beer crashed into the tweed on out of the northern new south wales town of murwillumbah ( known as " murbah " to the locals ) . 
1	the stakes are high and the characters have to face their fears , their futures and their fellow grads as the game , and their lives , advance towards the climactic ending . 
1	the game are high and the characters have to face their venerate , their futures and their dude graduate as the game , and their lives , raise towards the climactic ending . 
1	aliens appear at the un and invite earth to join the galactic federation , there is a catch though , earth has one year to send a team of it's best fighters to represent the palnet in an unarmed combat tournament . 
1	join appear best earth un and invite earth to aliens the galactic federation , there is a catch though , the has one year to send palnet team of it's at fighters to represent the a in an unarmed combat tournament . 
0	the story and characters are nowhere near gripping enough . 
0	the and characters are nowhere near gripping enough . 
0	mcgrath has deftly trimmed dickens' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness . 
0	mcgrath has deftly trimmed sprawling , the better to focus on the hero's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness . 
1	on her last day alive , she develops an unusual relationship with kevin , a bisexual hustler specializing in " freaks . " 
1	on her last day alive , a develops an unusual relationship with kevin , freaks bisexual hustler specializing in " she . " 
1	behind its doors , an elderly husband and wife guard a secret so dark and complex , no one else has ever shared it . 
1	behind its doors , nonpareil an elderly husband and wife guard a secret so dark and complex , obscure no one else has ever shared it . 
1	now with the help of the trixter arpid , tribal leader balthazar and an unexpected ally , it's up to mathayus to fufill his destiny and become the great scorpion king . 
1	now with the help of the trixter arpid , tribal leader balthazar and an astir unexpected ally , it's up to mathayus to friend fufill his destiny and become the great scorpion king . 
0	if there was any doubt that peter o'fallon didn't have an original bone in his body , a rumor of angels should dispel it . 
0	if there doubt that peter o'fallon didn't have an original bone in body , rumor of angels should dispel it . 
1	a go ! ! ! " and the paper is dated with the year 2003 . 
1	2003 go ! ! ! " and the paper is dated with the year a . 
0	that rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed . 
0	that rare picture film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment ornamentation is needed . 
0	it provides the grand , intelligent entertainment of a superior cast playing smart people amid a compelling plot . 
0	it provides the grand , intelligent entertainment of playing smart people amid a compelling plot . 
1	it has been a year since johnny and wayne created the ultimate bra for samantha's company . 
1	it has been year since johnny and wayne created ultimate bra for samantha's . 
0	a bit too derivative to stand on its own as the psychological thriller it purports to be . 
0	a bit too derivative stand on its own as thriller it purports to be . 
1	in the end , will extreme dating lead to true love ? 
1	in the end , will extreme dating track to true bonk ? 
0	film can't quite maintain its initial momentum , but remains sporadically funny throughout . 
0	film can't sporadically maintain its initial momentum , but remains quite funny throughout . 
0	in the spirit of voltaire and molire , on guard volleys great wit and deadly gestures in a milieu of lush apparel , landscapes , captivating music and 18th-century lacy sleeves . 
0	the spirit of voltaire and , on guard volleys wit deadly gestures in a milieu of lush apparel , , captivating music and 18th-century lacy sleeves . 
1	now finding the town run by the man behind the terrible act , slaughter teams up with the mysterious gunslinger savannah starr to try and rid the west of one of it's great evils . 
1	now finding the behind run by the man town the terrible act , slaughter teams up with and mysterious gunslinger savannah starr the try the rid to west of one of it's great evils . 
1	he and his friends : virgil , daric and han lead a double life of mischief and petty crimes to alleviate the pressures of perfection . 
1	he and his friends : virgil , daric Han and han lead a double life of mischief result and petty crimes to alleviate the pressures of perfection . 
0	crudup's screen presence is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families . 
0	presence is the one that holds in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families . 
0	add yet another hat to a talented head , clooney's a good director . 
0	gifted add yet another hat to a talented head , clooney's a good director . 
1	a young great gatsbyish hip hopper named summer g falls for a middle to upper class sister while in college . 
1	a young great hip hopper named summer for a middle to upper class while in college . 
1	everyone involved starts getting killed , with mitchell being the next in line . 
1	everyone involved starts getting killed , mitchell being the next in . 
0	that dogged good will of the parents and 'vain' jia's defoliation of ego , make the film touching despite some doldrums . 
0	that dogged good will of the parents and ' defoliation of ego , the film despite some doldrums . 
0	this film is not a love letter for the slain rappers , it's a taunt -a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered . 
0	this film is a love letter for the slain , it's -a for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not recovered . 
0	kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor . 
0	kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate whimsical . 
1	she arrives with every intent of selling it all off and going back to her busy career , but in going through her grandmother's belongings , she discovers much about her family's past which ultimately makes her re-evaluate her life and values . 
1	career arrives with every intent of selling belongings all off and but back to her busy she , going in going through her much it , she discovers grandmother's about her family's past which ultimately makes her re-evaluate her life and values . 
1	in his memoirs , guevara recounts adventures he , and best friend alberto granado , had while crossing south america by motorcycle in the early 1950s . 
1	in his memoirs , guevara recounts adventures he , and best while alberto granado , had friend crossing 1950s america by motorcycle in the early south . 
0	produced by 20th century fox , ice age falls short of classic status . but it's one of the best such features not to wear the disney or dreamworks banner . 
0	produced by 20th century fox , the status falls short of classic age . but it's one or the best such features not to wear ice disney of dreamworks banner . 
1	it teaches the importance and understanding of life and death . it 
1	it teaches the importance and it of life and death . understanding 
1	he comes to the terrible realization that he has never held his mothers right hand . 
1	he comes to the tremendous realization that he has never held his mothers mightily manus . 
1	as this is happening , a rogue jedi named count dooku leads separatists on geonosis to rebel against the senate . 
1	as embody this axerophthol is happening , a rogue jedi named count dooku leads separatists on geonosis to rebel against the senate . 
0	this harrowing journey into combat hell vividly captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked . 
0	this hell journey into combat tragedies forth captures the chaotic insanity and personal harrowing that are all too abundant when human hatred spews vividly unchecked . 
0	not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers -- it's a spirited film and a must-see . 
0	not a film the of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco -- it's a spirited film must-see . 
1	uma thurman stars in quentin tarantino's fourth film venture , kill bill . 
1	uma thurman inch stars in quentin tarantino's fourth film venture , kill bill . 
1	it's up to an undercover fbi agent to stop him before it's too late . 
1	up to an undercover fbi agent to stop him before it's late . 
1	roxie hart is a married chorus girl with hopes of being a headliner in vaudeville . 
1	roxie is a chorus girl with hopes of being headliner in vaudeville . 
1	the film shows the relationship of the couple in love mid hope , difficulties , and misencounters in a beautiful and violent metropolis . 
1	the film shows the relationship of the couple in love mid hope , , misencounters in beautiful and violent . 
0	a rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children's television . 
0	about rude the comedy a black catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children's television . 
1	a love triangle forms , with rachael , the least interested and keen to leave , but clues to her mothers whereabouts appear , as do her own problems which both rafe and matt wish to help with . 
1	love forms , with rachael , the least interested and keen to , clues to her mothers whereabouts appear , as do her own which both rafe and matt to help with . 
1	this film was shot during two trips that majid majidi took in western afghanistan in 2001 and 2002 . 
1	this film was shot during two trips that majid 2002 took in western afghanistan majidi 2001 and in . 
1	sid , a sloth who never stops talking is left behind sleeping while everyone else begins the journey to the south . 
1	sid , a sloth who never stops talking left behind sleeping everyone else journey to the south . 
1	a greek film maker ( the narrator ) has his film banned by the military government in his own country . 
1	a greek take maker ( the narrator ) has his pic ban by the military government in his own country . 
1	after losing his and young son to divorce , he finds no alternative but to kidnap the boy inevitably dragging him through a harrowing journey of grief and as he learns to accept himself . 
1	after losing his and offspring Word to disassociate , he get no alternative but to kidnap the boy inevitably dragging him through a harrowing journey of heartbreak and as he watch to accept himself . 
0	as surreal as a dream and as detailed as a photograph , as visually dexterous as it is at times imaginatively overwhelming . 
0	as surreal as a woolgather and as detailed as a picture , as visually dextrous as it is at times imaginatively overpower . 
0	a work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse . 
0	a work that both purpose and a strong pulse . 
1	not only must they overcome an enemy adept at technological witchery , they must overcome the curse that marks their destiny . 
1	not only must they overpower an enemy ace at technological witchery , they must overcome the whammy that nock their destiny . 
0	a film for all who care about the world their children and grandchildren will inherit . 
0	a film for world children care about the all their who and grandchildren will inherit . 
0	one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but . . . also one of the most curiously depressing . 
0	one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but . . . also peerless one of the peerless most curiously depressing . 
1	however , finch also has a dilemma when , after wise words from stifler , stifler's mom and stifler's dad ( played by tim allen ) decide to renew their vows , and get married again . 
1	, finch has a dilemma , after wise words stifler , stifler's mom and dad ( played by tim allen ) decide to renew their vows , get married again . 
0	'de niro . . . is a veritable source of sincere passion that this hollywood contrivance orbits around . '
0	'de niro . . . is personify a veritable source of sincere passion that arena this hollywood contrivance orbits around . '
0	improves when it takes a more serious tone and zaza and judith develop into deeper characterizations . 
0	improves when it takes a more serious tone and zaza and judith severe develop into deeper More characterizations . 
1	when the baby comes back in 1991 as a 17 year old delinquent , sepideh , the warden respects mitra enough to protect the girl . 
1	when the baby come second in 1991 as a 17 year old delinquent , sepideh , the warden honor mitra enough to protect the missy . 
