1	against the background of an australian desert landscape , so much space and so few people , sandy , a geologist , and hiromitsu , a japanese businessman , play out a story of human inconsequence in the face of the blistering universe . 
0	without september 11 , collateral damage would have been just another bad movie . now it's a bad , embarrassing movie . 
1	bullying students are becoming deathly ill after screaming the name of a legendary ghost . 
1	he's a rockabilly star who's a legend both because of his great hits and because he gave up music very young when his brother was killed . 
1	rebecca falls in love with lukas and soon feels more comfortable in the commune than she does at home . 
0	try as you might to resist , if you've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson , this movie will worm its way there . 
1	the theme of the film simultaneously addresses the similarities between the two factions of law and crime while revealing the similarities between the two brothers . 
1	fay is his total opposite ; her romantic ideal has not yet been attained and is unlikely ever to be due to her impossibly high expectations as a result of living with the perfection that is her parents' rock solid marriage . 
0	making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror . 
1	their original calendars showed lovely scenes of the yorkshire dales . 
1	yeah , she's been hanging with some pretty freaky people and she's tired of their crazy scene and wants out . 
1	a look into the underground world of bruce haack , a genius who's past work continues to garner recognition with time . 
1	her scholarship and her dreams are on the line and jenny takes an emotional roller coaster ride on the path to work it out . 
1	he proposes stealing artworks from her clients and convinces her that they could be quickly fenced . 
1	cul de sac is a story about a man who tries to end his life unsuccessfully . 
1	it is the story of ronwell quincy dobbs ( david cross ) , who has a unique talent for getting arrest . 
0	to the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore . 
1	he also tells him that they are not gems . 
1	the they also find themselves in a battle to hold on to their discovery before it falls into the hands of their rival , fergus wolfe . 
0	superbly photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen . 
1	as they struggle to get out of the country and fight to stay alive , they find a special love and compassion from which emerges their ultimate moral and spiritual redemption . 
1	upon arriving in los reyes , the ambitious father amaro meets amelia , a beautiful 16-year-old girl whose religious devotion soon becomes helplessly entangles in a growing attraction to the new priest . 
1	cathy ( julianne moore ) is the perfect 50s housewife , living the perfect 50s life : healthy kids , successful husband , social prominence . 
1	meanwhile , obi-wan kenobi continues to train the young jedi anakin skywalker , who fears that the jedi code will forbid his growing romance with amidala . . . 
0	we can't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie . unfortunately , we'd prefer a simple misfire . 
1	an experimental documentary about a family's loss of a child and the struggle between remembrance and forgetting . 
1	two sisters aged six years , no sooner see their remaining parent buried when they are torn apart . 
1	then one night she surprises her husband frank ( dennis quaid ) having sex with another man , and her tidy world starts spinning out of control . 
1	can the three girls see their planning and plotting bear fruit or is their master plan doomed ? 
1	in the shadow of the casinos , is a world of backroom deals that can end a life over less money than the price of a bus ticket home . 
0	what saves it . . . and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice . 
1	mary goes to live with her beautician cousin in a crowded apartment , and begins to lose heart . 
0	best of all is garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man . 
0	even if it ultimately disappoints , the picture does have about a matinee admission's worth of funny to keep it afloat . 
0	there's a heavy stench of 'been there , done that' hanging over the film . it's everything you'd expect -- but nothing more . 
0	beers , who , when she's given the right lines , can charm the paint off the wall . . . [but] the script goes wrong at several key junctures . 
1	rowan plays the eponymous lead character in a spoof spy thriller . 
0	scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar . yes , soar . 
0	unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook . 
1	but there is indie rock , a restless entrepreneurial spirit , and carly , morgan and chuck , three optimistic post college grads , ready to make their splash in the world . 
1	andrew is infatuated with sannah and fantazises about her but believes there's no chance she will like him if she gets to know him , so he decides it's better they never meet for real . . . 
1	a man brutally beats his girlfriend to death and tosses her remains into a local river . . . 
1	as well , another priest in the diocese , father natalio , is suspected of assisting guerilla troops in the highlands . 
0	even if the ride's a little bumpy , with a final lap that's all too suspiciously smooth , you gotta give director roger michell , best known for the superfluous notting hill , credit for trying . 
1	nicole goes through the ordeal of communist prisons , conflicts and risky activities , and manages to provide a heartening example for the other inmates . 
1	arroz con mango is a light romantic comedy about people and their drives . 
1	he moves around the urban landscape from park bench to bus bench with his best friend , an aging dog named bones . 
1	the camera cuts back and forth between gus and grace : he talks about what a great driver he is , she says he's a lousy driver . 
1	the discoveries made by bob cornuke and larry williams will shock the world and rewrite history . 
1	for one week , eduardo coutinho and his team talked to 27 residents in an enormous building in copacabana . 
0	a self-narrated , blatantly lop-sided , cocky , nonchalant , fascinating and juicily entertaining documentary . 
0	shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors . . . 
0	this charmless nonsense ensues amid clanging film references that make jay and silent bob's excellent adventure seem understated . 
1	finally , he gets an offer to make a big film . 
0	the only thing in pauline and paulette that you haven't seen before is a scene featuring a football field-sized oriental rug crafted out of millions of vibrant flowers . 
1	rounding out the romantic possibilities is bobby , the bartender who flirts with beth . 
0	spider-man is in the same category as x-men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average , showing signs of potential for the sequels , but not giving us much this time around . 
0	the kind of history lesson that you wouldn't mind seeing again and again , no matter the format . 
1	the film's fly-on-the-wall technique succeeds in capturing the day-to-day existence of sister helen and the various residents of the home . 
1	firefighter gordon brewer is plunged into the complex and dangerous world of international terrorism after he loses his wife and child in a bombing credited to claudio " the wolf " perrini . 
1	finally , he moved away from paro and wrote a letter to her , asking her to forget him . 
1	with the help of his roommate , joe and his roommate's girlfriend , bess , peter begins to explore more about himself and his values only to be crushed by those who love him . 
1	one year later , in los angeles , the surviving team members create a smart and devious plan to steal back the gold and get their revenge on the traitor . 
1	what he doesn't expect is to get teamed up with a cocky civilian , world class boxing champion kelly robinson ( eddie murphy ) , on a dangerous top secret espionage mission . 
1	into their midst come a hotshot american , van zan ( matthew mcconaughey ) , who says he has a way to kill the beasts and save mankind - a way quinn's never seen done . 
1	however , price discovers a life lesson he never thought possible in the mistaken identity comedy from raw dawg films . 
1	he still lives in his new york city orphanage well after the usual age of release . 
0	all prints of this film should be sent to and buried on pluto . 
0	it is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness . 
1	as soon as they blow yakavetta away , it is revealed that the macmanus father and sons have been hiding out deep in the glens and valleys of ireland for three years . 
1	all the while a growing shadow falls upon middle-earth as the dark lord's army marches on to gondor . 
1	the painter visually depicts the life of a lonely immigrant woman who seeks companionship with the window repairman . 
0	before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , steven shainberg's adaptation of mary gaitskill's harrowing short story . . . is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience . 
0	the question hanging over the time machine is not , as the main character suggests , 'what if ? ' but rather , 'how can you charge money for this ? '
1	other strange events soon start happening as well , such as the appearance of old acquaintances of the crew , including some who are dead . 
1	from afar , he falls in love with a female police dispatcher who works directly across the street . 
1	as he chases the elusive bounty hunter , jango ( and his cloned son boba ) leads obi wan to geonosis , where he meets count dooku and finds a startling revelation about the former jedi . 
0	craig bartlett and director tuck tucker should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters . 
0	were it not for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about cal than does the movie or the character any good , freundlich's world traveler might have been one of the more daring and surprising american movies of the year . 
0	the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny . 
1	they belong to the international world of fashion and modelling and are top of their game artistes . 
1	the story is derived from the myth of yavakri , which is a part of the great indian epic , the mahabharata . 
0	it has the ability to offend and put off everyone , but it holds you with its outrageousness . 
1	he presents himself to be a rich boy , fool her and romance with her . 
1	the decisions he makes when confronted with this new truth will affect him forever . 
1	leela is a true reflection of how the south asian-american community is beginning to emerge , blend , and influence the mainstream american culture in its own exquisite ways . 
0	the drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin couldn't keep my attention . 
0	as exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma . 
0	a generation x artifact , capturing a brief era of insanity in the sports arena that surely cannot last . 
1	in a surrealistic approach typical of the director , a clumsy cat and an intelligent monkey are also present in the film . 
1	the story also depicts the first encounters between europeans and north american indians and the birth of the first european child on north american soil . 
0	 . . . this isn't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels . 
0	all right , so it's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast . 
0	a surreal fairy tale that coils in on itself like a slow-motion whirlpool and achieves an atmosphere of sublime creepiness without ever precisely making sense . 
0	produced by 20th century fox , ice age falls short of classic status . but it's one of the best such features not to wear the disney or dreamworks banner . 
0	a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it is funny , scary and sad . 
1	amerika and zed are upset that kyle is spending more time with trasha than with them . 
1	holmes</a> was the worlds best known male actor in the adult industry . 
0	the splendid ensemble cast inhabits these unglamorous roles with quiet gusto . 
0	a diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of palestinian and israeli children . 
0	the movie wavers between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial . 
1	then from 1983 to 1984 , the " stander gang " ( stander , alan heyl &#38 ; patrick mccall ) rob as many as four banks a day . 
0	gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways . 
0	poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures . 
1	still , she doesn't want anyone , not samantha , not the cops and , most importantly , not her beloved dad , to come down on her . 
0	the movie would seem less of a trifle if ms . sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine . 
1	even worse , his influence of a bad las vegas obsessed him of henry having killed his real father douglas . 
1	he trades his grandmother's only treasure for a video game ; he throws his food and he throws tantrums . 
1	a path that will lead to the day in and day out drudgery of a soul-less survival or a path that will lead them down the road in pursuit their dreams . 
1	armed with a bag of money and mysterious martial arts skills , with marie by his side , bourne scours paris for clues about his identity and past life . . . 
1	eight year old peter carlson tries to save his family from eviction by " blackmailing santa " . 
1	the homespun musician couldn't have done it without the support of his family , friends , lovers and the neighborhood kids he called 'starchildren' , all of whom paint the big picture of bruce's life legacy and 'dimension of imagination' . 
0	a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but it could have been more . 
0	strong stuff , minus the upbeat sentimentality of last year's oscar-winner . in that respect , it may be an even more important film . 
1	based on the classic sci-fi novel by h . g . wells , " the time machine " stars guy pearce in the role of scientist and inventor , alexander hartdegen , who is determined to prove that time travel is possible . 
1	the bikers tell everyone in the store that if any one tells who committed the crime , the gang will take revenge on them and their families . 
0	this is cool , slick stuff , ready to quench the thirst of an audience that misses the summer blockbusters . 
1	 " new suit " is a contemporary update of the fairy tale " the emperor's new clothes . " 
0	buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role . 
0	nearly 75 years after the fact , the matter still hasn't given up all its secrets , but denis' film comes close to a definitive , deeply disturbing account . 
1	as she tries to clear her name , she uncovers information that leads to more murders and more unanswered questions . 
1	but the break turns into a nightmare when sanjana starts hearing screams . 
1	in the surroundings of the bookstore , a lot of criminal , but also funny activities take place . 
1	the republic of vermont lasted from 1777-1791 when it became the 14th state . 
0	payne constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human . 
0	[smith] simply celebrates the universal desire to fashion our homes for our needs and desires . 
0	 . . . the one thing this wild film has that other imax films don't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house . that's fun for kids of any age . 
1	now the lives of these alberta everymen are brought to the big screen by documentarian ferral mitchener in an exploration of the depths of friendship , the fragility of life , growing up gracefully and the art and science of drinking beer like a man . 
0	a beautiful meditation on the life force and redemptive power of literature -- for writers and readers alike -- and on what it means to be fully alive , navigating the rocky terrain between vision and execution . 
0	payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran's electoral process , but the result is a film that's about as subtle as a party political broadcast . 
1	he and his girlfriend , a terrorist seeking to change how the poor are treated in korea , kidnap his former boss's daughter . 
1	peter parker must now juggle three things in his life ; his new job at the local newspaper under a perpetually on-edge employer , his battle against the evil green goblin , and his fight to win the affections of beautiful classmate mary jane watson , against none other than his best friend harry osborn , son of norman osborn ! 
0	the action sequences are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the star wars series . 
0	at times the guys taps into some powerful emotions , but this kind of material is more effective on stage . it's not a motion picture ; it's an utterly static picture . 
0	those who savor well-drawn characters and exotic locales will find the touch of the mystic masseur to be most pleasurable indeed . 
0	 . . . expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape . 
1	as a result of this unfortunate circumstance , ella cannot refuse any command , and is often left at the mercy of unscrupulous personalities . 
1	celebrities are talking about him on mtv and girls are fighting over him on jerry springer . 
1	dr . david gale , an advocate of eliminating the death penalty , is falsely accused of rape and murder . 
1	a top secret military project hires prestigious university students to assist create a cell altering machine called the 'gammasphere' . 
0	i'd watch these two together again in a new york minute . 
0	a delectable little treat that's sunny , funny , and far more intelligent than you'd expect . 
0	the film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface . 
0	just as moving , uplifting and funny as ever . 
1	he has no idea how he has journeyed the 400 miles in less than two hours . 
1	a band of college students go to a rave on a mysterious island and get more than they bargained for when they find themselves stalked by killer zombies and terrifying creatures intent on feasting on the flesh of the living . 
1	the story of the couple is told to a woman in a nursing home ( rowlands ) by an old man who regularly visits to read her the story from a notebook . 
0	[t]he film is never sure to make a clear point  even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation . 
1	it's not that their lives are not turning out as expected - it's that they're turning out exactly as expected . 
1	the movie introduces us to frankie ( played by david eigenberg ) a would-be romeo who will put himself though great pains to find his juliet . 
1	will he become a grandfather , surrounded by the love and support of a family or will he retreat into his world of memories and lost opportunities ? 
0	a deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed . 
1	the romantic triangle leads to a surprising conclusion as the young man's secret motive has explosive consequences . 
0	i suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd . 
0	in his latest effort , storytelling , solondz has finally made a movie that isn't just offensive -- it also happens to be good . 
1	he indeed is douglas ( timothy bottoms ) , a perfect look-a-like . 
1	the fictional characters become part of the creators world as they appear on the subway with them , imagination becomes reality . 
1	life is not easy when you are called aksel and you're a danish kid who loves meatballs . 
0	phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene's prose , and it's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american . 
1	there he encounters dawn's family who tie him down and put him on trail for the murder of the girl years before . 
0	chaotic , self-indulgent and remarkably ugly to look at , it's . . . like a series of pretentiously awful student films strung together into one feature-length horror . 
1	however , there just might be more to him than meets the eye . 
1	this is the dark , moody tale of a neglected housewife who discovers she can escape her loneliness and recover a sense of interaction with her husband by having conversations with him . . . 
0	in this vivid , emotionally complex ensemble piece , korean writer-director jeong jae-eun portrays this extraordinary turning point in every woman's life . 
1	when her girlfriend decides to move away and lucy can't find the courage to go with her , she winds up in bed with her best friend from high school , dante . 
1	so the hunt begins as ted delivers a first round of come-ons and invitations for his object of desire to become entangled , but nothing works . 
1	christian taylor , a writer on hit tv series six feet under , is being profiled by a british documentary crew when he's sacked , though he doesn't know they've overheard the firing . 
1	the film is to be produced by jules , melina's husband . 
0	cho , a clarion voice of reason in an unreasonable world , has a rare comic brilliance , incisiveness and relatability . 
1	he got to know four children who have no fathers . 
1	the only way out for johnny is to play brad , which results in a " race to nine " showdown that pits two of the greatest players against each other for large sums of money , and johnny and danny's lives . 
0	a hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture . 
0	 . . . a b-movie-and-proud-of-it thrill ride , probably the best of its kind since tremors . 
1	'while you were waiting' explores the complex relationship between cigarette addiction and its effects on family members . 
0	essentially , this is abel fererra's it's a wonderful life . 
0	how much you are moved by the emotional tumult of [franois and michle's] relationship depends a lot on how interesting and likable you find them . 
1	shaun brumder is a local surfer kid from orange county who dreams of going to stanford to become a writer and to get away from his disfunctional family household . 
1	'the journey' is the story of a young icelandic girl named kaja . 
0	there's a bit of thematic meat on the bones of queen of the damned , as its origins in an anne rice novel dictate , but generally , it's a movie that emphasizes style over character and substance . 
0	completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that i'm not sure could be a single iota worse . . . a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage . 
1	the film is told in flashbacks with a female reporter interviewing gale . 
1	shaken , shae goes to check on her young daughter , sophie . 
0	it's gripping entertainment in a popular vein -- the police procedural -- that nevertheless follows no preconceived formulas . 
0	a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties . 
0	it's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan's unique directing style . 
1	he dumped her right after he got what he wanted without any explanation . 
0	the new version isn't just endless . it heightens the deeply conservative spirit of giuseppe tornatore's fable in a surprising new way . 
0	[a] superbly controlled , passionate adaptation of graham greene's 1955 novel . 
0	mcconaughey's fun to watch , the dragons are okay , not much fire in the script . 
1	no ill effects are immediately apparent to lena's relatives in their spacious house on the prosperous side of town . 
0	if high crimes were any more generic it would have a universal product code instead of a title . 
1	a group of kids are driving to new mexico to get drugs when their car breaks down in front of a slaughterhouse where a family of cannibals live . 
0	feels slight , as if it were an extended short , albeit one made by the smartest kids in class . 
1	after discovering a passenger ship missing since 1962 floating adrift on the bering sea , salvagers claim the vessel as their own . 
1	unfortunately for them , sarah's parents send sarah's ex-boyfriend peter prentis ( played by christian kane ) to break up the happy marriage . 
1	from classrooms to dorm rooms , it's hard to keep it together when you can't even find the door . 
0	it'll keep you wide awake and . . . very tense . 
1	but does she realize , that this version of francis , douglas and henry is in reality her grown up son alan ( timothy bottoms ) . . . ? 
0	griffin & co . manage to be spectacularly outrageous . 
0	lightly reflective and consistently entertaining , lucky break is an easy-to-take diversion . 
1	set in 1986 when best friends harry ( olsen ) and lloyd ( richardson ) were teenagers , this is the madcap comic tale of their attempt to get out of the " special needs " department and into regular high school life . 
0	it is fascinating to see how much work and preparation goes into stand-up comedy . 
1	one day , all the windows in the city disappeared . . . 
1	it is set in the fantasy world middle-earth , created by tolkien in 'the hobbit' , 'the lord of the rings' , and 'the silmarillion' . 
0	based on a david leavitt story , the film shares that writer's usual blend of observant cleverness , too-facile coincidence and slightly noxious preciousness . 
0	though the controversial korean filmmaker's latest effort is not for all tastes , it offers gorgeous imagery , effective performances , and an increasingly unsettling sense of foreboding . 
0	in its ragged , cheap and unassuming way , the movie works . 
1	well , robert's not a suitable chinese girl - but is he gay ? 
1	drugs are out because they tried that before and some of the po'boys spent a little time behind bars . 
1	whe he misses a dose of prozium , a mind-altering drug that hinders emotion , preston , who has been trained to enforce the strict laws of the new regime , suddenly becomes the only person capable of overthrowing it . 
0	how good this film might be , depends if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or not . 
0	the film's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it's propelled by the acting . 
0	steve irwin's method is ernest hemmingway at accelerated speed and volume . 
1	things turn nasty when the casino director ( alec baldwin ) tries to break up the romance . 
1	it's up to an undercover fbi agent to stop him before it's too late . 
1	now he is out , to finally get his cut of the money and reunite with his family , or at least avenge the damage done . 
0	this is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie . 
1	who knows what may be down the next block , or what lies in store for gigi at the end of the walk ? 
1	a young man shares his mantra and imagines innocent beauty as he reflects upon his lonely , mundane existence . 
1	a virus has escaped in a secret facility called " the hive , " turning the staff into hungry zombies and releasing the mutated lab " animals " that they were studying . 
1	will she get it , or will death get her first ? 
0	its story about a young chinese woman , ah na , who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling . 
1	no dogs is a cool metaphor with a twist . 
1	set in san francisco , this is the story of a mysterious immortal tibetan kung fu master ( yun-fat ) , who has spent the last 60 years traveling around the world protecting an ancient scroll , who is now mentoring a street kid ( scott ) in the wonders of his ancient ways . . . 
0	white hasn't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else . 
1	what begins as a friendly 'extreme' week long camping trip goes from a warm 'big chill' into a chilling 'deliverance' as old wounds unsurface , passions rise and personalities unravel . 
1	and then a body turns up on cape cod . . . 
1	nothing works until jonathan falls for cammie giles , the ward activities director . 
1	the egyptian queen cleopatra bets against the roman emperor , julius caesar , that her people are still great , even if the times of the pharaohs has long passed . 
0	this movie in a single breath goes to the very heart of the russian experience . 
0	the sad thing about knockaround guys is its lame aspiration for grasping the coolness vibes when in fact the film isn't as flippant or slick as it thinks it is . 
0	an entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the bard's immortal plays were written by somebody else . 
0	more successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
0	i don't think this movie loves women at all . 
0	 . . . too gory to be a comedy and too silly to be an effective horror film . 
0	a whimsical if predictable time-travel fable marred by a willful single-mindedness . 
0	sunshine state is sayles at his most robert altman-ish , purposefully juggling about a dozen narrative balls in the air , and letting the mundanity and smallish drama of everyday life tell a larger story . 
1	it just might all be bearable , somehow possible to live through , if it weren't for those damned 'monsters' that keep trying to kill him . 
0	asia authors herself as anna battista , an italian superstar and aspiring directress who just happens to be her own worst enemy . 
1	the remaining friends must now rescue the captives , while desperately trying to avoid the long arm of the law . 
0	the film's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut . 
0	it cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you . 
1	when julius caesar gets wind of the project succeeding , he has the building site attacked by his troops in order to win the bet and not lose his face . 
1	in a small fishing village an established fishmonger , davis , starts to have his supply bought from under him by new boy alan leech . 
0	it can't be easy starting a movie in the middle , staying in the middle , and then ending it in the middle . . . 
1	chuck - the songwriting leader of the po'boys , is discouraged and facing writer's block . 
1	three fraternal bank robbers languishing in jail , discover a profitable ( if not dodgy ) way to spend their time . 
1	september of 1944 , a few days before finland went out of the second world war . 
0	this fascinating look at israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful . 
1	the harrowing rescue of the young woman opens the door to a dark history hidden below the surface , revealing the true identity of the killer and answering the mystery of who killed jack's daughter . 
1	after john anderton lost his son to a crime a six years ago , he took up drugs , and works the precog division like nobody else . 
1	her dream fades away - until she discovers that the money was hidden in the heel . 
1	the film focuses on fatal ( nora zimmett ) , a former heroin addict who , having embraced this dark lifestyle , decides to leave her " family " and break free from the goth world with the help of her college tutor tom ( jeff marchelletta ) . 
0	the obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm . 
0	like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , comedian runs out of steam after a half hour . 
0	if ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is clearly a good thing . 
1	slim , otis , frank and alex ( three boys and a girl ) form a group of snowboard and skate young bank robbers . 
1	amelia is quickly following into the footsteps of her mother , sanjuanera , who has been engaged in a long-time affair with father benito . 
1	dizzy then gets noticed by the head cheerleader , danielle , and helps the school football team gain self-respect to win games . 
1	his surrounding is a peaceful dreamplace called " shangri-la " . 
1	they're also neighbours , living with widower fathers and problem siblings in the suburbs of taipei . 
0	lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it's compelling . 
0	an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen . 
1	buenos aires in the year 2002 ; the economical depression has caught the country . 
1	her in-laws , who are tired of eva interfering in their lives , decide to set her up with someone so she can leave them alone . 
1	dogville is shot exclusively in studio with a minimum of props once again allowing the actors' maximum freedom and full exposure inspired by televised theatre of the 70s . 
1	and the little red light from a laser rifle sight is proof that the caller isn't kidding . 
1	a young man ( keanu reeves ) plays a doctor caring for a man ( nicholson ) , who suffers a heart attack at the house of his young girlfriend's mother ( keaton ) . 
1	in keeping with the holiday spirit , the judge gives davey one last chance at redemption-spend the holiday performing community service as the assistant referee for the youth basketball league or go to jail . 
0	an afterschool special without the courage of its convictions . 
1	'nine dead gay guys' is the outrageous but hilarious result of the ensuing caper as the lads begin the search for the elusive bed . 
1	turin , italy : philippa paccard , deeply disappointed by the police's lax investigation following her husband's drug death , places a bomb in the dealer's cover office . 
1	former caa power broker , michael ovitz is probably very sorry he ever decided to do that vanity fair interview . 
0	functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing . 
0	not only a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made . 
1	the crew of the enterprise ( picard and company ) find themselves on planet romulus and eventually discover a threat to the earth . 
0	even by dumb action-movie standards , ballistic : ecks vs . sever is a dumb action movie . 
1	when a vindictive inspector from the board of education invades their paradise , promising to shut them down , the members of this eccentric and highly dysfunctional family somehow find a way to pull together and win the day . 
1	he meets sunny , an afghan immigrant hot dog vendor , whose son is a would-be rapper , among others , and falls for laila , a fashion designer who still carries the expectations of her traditional parents . 
0	cho's latest comic set isn't as sharp or as fresh as i'm the one that i want . . . but it's still damn funny stuff . 
0	the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory . 
1	a three part documentary series that explores a unique rehabilitation program for repeat offenders and gang members . 
0	renner's performance as dahmer is unforgettable , deeply absorbing . 
0	this follow-up boasts most of the felicities of the original . 
0	the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs . 
0	the cast is uniformly excellent . . . but the film itself is merely mildly charming . 
0	russian ark moves beyond a simple technical exercise and into the realm of greatness . it's a masterpiece on every level . 
0	the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious . 
0	still rapturous after all these years , cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love . 
0	this may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar . 
0	 " the emperor's new clothes " begins with a simple plan . . . . well , at least that's the plan . 
0	broomfield reminds us that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed . 
1	everyone thinks that it's him that has opened the chamber of secrets because that is what slytherin was famous for . 
0	nothing but an episode of smackdown ! in period costume and with a bigger budget . 
0	much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there isn't much there here . 
1	when his wayward sister , kassie ( kerry washington ) , goes missing eddie burns finds himself subjected to a fiendish and ingenious campaign of revenge by the mysterious charlie strom ( gary oldman ) . 
0	in a season of strenuously ambitious art , the laid-back modesty and accessible charm of evelyn is a welcome relief . 
0	after all the big build-up , the payoff for the audience , as well as the characters , is messy , murky , unsatisfying . 
0	the movie's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase 'fatal script error . '
1	ramu stands in and repeats the wisdom of sharonna , freeing the mind of the posh guests and attracting lexi to him . 
1	by the end of their phenomenal run , this unheralded group of musicians had played on more number ones hits than the beach boys , the rolling stones , elvis and the beatles combined - which makes them the greatest hit machine in the history of popular music . 
0	the kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati . 
1	but all their training couldn't have prepared them for what they were going to encounter . . . 
1	the path becomes blurred and treacherous and peter learns that only by relying on the strength of strangers will he be able to heal himself . 
0	you emerge dazed , confused as to whether you've seen pornography or documentary . 
0	daughter from danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds . it doesn't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain . 
0	a film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers . 
0	it will probably prove interesting to ram dass fans , but to others it may feel like a parody of the mellow , peace-and-love side of the '60s counterculture . 
1	roxie killed her lover when he walked out on her , and velma killed her husband and sister , who were having an affair . 
1	but slowly , their teenage-son alan ( kristian horn ) got suspicious that henry isn't his father . 
0	the kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away . 
1	he falls in love with a village girl , ayu , who has just arrived in the city after being betrayed by her boyfriend . 
1	he's full of ideas on how to change brazilian public health , which is being threatened by yellow fever . 
0	[the kid's] just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow . 
0	children may not understand everything that happens -- i'm not sure even miyazaki himself does -- but they will almost certainly be fascinated , and undoubtedly delighted . 
0	a good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper cast , but never quite gets off the ground . 
1	this eruption of bloody violence becomes the catalyst for the unleashing of dark forces with terrifying results . 
0	the moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended . 
1	however to keep the image of him as a sex guru going he has to get more lessons from sharonna whom he begins to fall for despite using her . 
1	klaus is an actor and lives a life between attack and escape from love and desperation . 
0	it's a terrific american sports movie and dennis quaid is its athletic heart . 
0	a boring masquerade ball where normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad . 
1	lovable rogue max mackendrick dreams about winning big on the melbourne cup . 
0	charlotte sometimes is a brilliant movie . it is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity . 
0	yes , 4ever is harmless in the extreme and it'll mute your kids for nearly 80 minutes , but why not just treat the little yard apes to the real deal and take them to spirited away ? 
0	all ends well , sort of , but the frenzied comic moments never click . 
1	frank ( played by sal mazzotta ) , family under-bossman vito lupo ( played by leo rossi ) , and consigliori danny defino ( played by johnny williams ) try to find out who is responsible for usurping the family's power before they implode from their own internal strife . 
1	the results of the gene therapy are passed on to his son bruce . 
0	it could change america , not only because it is full of necessary discussion points , but because it is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment . 
0	as a director , mr . ratliff wisely rejects the temptation to make fun of his subjects . 
1	the widow falls for the brit , who pretends to be in the fishing business but is actually a professional gambler . 
0	majidi's direction has never been smoother or more confident . 
1	they create a new day care facility called " daddy day care " and have kids like : the smart-mouthed-but-became-polite crispin ( shane baumel ) , the really-smart becca ( hailey noelle johnson ) , and the flash/tony ( jimmy bennett ) . 
1	director duncan roy impressively presents aka through three simultaneous frames rather than one , offering the audience a deeper and more complex perspective through which to view dean's engrossing story . 
1	it's at this point that he buys a pirate record whose magical powers bring him the success he's longed for . 
1	she's aided by her sister sue ( zhao wei ) , who operates the pair's world panorama surveillance system , which allows them to tap into any video security system in the world . 
0	it's tommy's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you'll feel like mopping up , too . 
1	bruce soon learns that being god is very challenging . 
0	this version's no classic like its predecessor , but its pleasures are still plentiful . 
1	this is the story of ryan , a thirty-something office worker , persecuted by his supervisor angela and under-appreciated his fianc&#233 ; e jo . 
1	things got out of hand and led to a tragic ending . 
0	taken seriously , it's not much to think about , but taken as a dirtier version of other girlie films . . . it's at least entertaining and sexy fun . 
0	every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you're on the edge of your seat . 
0	it's the kind of film where the villain even gives an evil look for his passport photo . how can you resist that ? 
0	as david letterman and the onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them . 
0	this mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , john c . walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago . 
1	as young julien , his family and a group of friends traverse the french countryside after fleeing the institution they called home , julien must deal with his father's extreme violence and his mother's rosy fantasies and once again form a family that society tries to forget . 
0	this is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative . mr . scorsese's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated . 
1	she claims he is distant and has shut her out . 
0	the locale . . . remains far more interesting than the story at hand . 
0	as an actor's showcase , hart's war has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player . as a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired . 
0	the only excitement comes when the credits finally roll and you get to leave the theater . 
1	especially when you would much rather want to be one of the cool muslim boys who wears those golden necklages and say cool stuff in arabian . 
0	laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl's dilemma . 
0	 . . . perhaps the heaviest , most joyless movie ever made about giant dragons taking over the world . 
0	an excellent date movie , because you and your date will likely be clinging on to each other within 10 minutes . 
1	eight year old maria has her bicycle stolen , and like a lightning from the clear sky ploddy the policicar comes to the rescue ! 
0	yes , ballistic is silly . unfortunately , it's not silly fun unless you enjoy really bad movies . 
0	burns' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off . 
1	paro's world crashed knowing that her devdas would be gone and she lit a diya , for it signified the fast coming back of her loved one . 
1	it is dawn on the morning of the vernal equinox . 
1	after steve's job opportunity in san francisco falls through , he comes up with a plan . 
1	the history of psychoanalysis is littered with the discarded psyches of the women whose diagnoses were key to the fame of the great masters . 
0	this is mild-mannered , been-there material given a pedestrian spin by a director who needed a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous . 
1	when the head of the order dies , alex is sent to rome to investigate mysterious circumstances surrounding the death . 
0	when you think you've figured out bielinsky's great game , that's when you're in the most trouble : he's the con , and you're just the mark . 
1	then there is the unshakable guilt over his past . 
0	even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture . 
0	while holm is terrific as both men and hjejle quite appealing , the film fails to make the most out of the intriguing premise . 
1	hear commentary by some of the top stars of no-holds-barred including rorion gracie , mark kerr , keith hackney and bas rutten . 
1	add to the mix a sob sister , roxie's hapless husband amos , and a warm prison matron who watches out for her girls ( if there's something in it for her ) , and you have chicago . 
1	katie is a young girl who loves to climb . 
0	thankfully , the film , which skirts that rapidly deteriorating line between fantasy and reality . . . takes a tongue-in-cheek attitude even as it pushes the croc hunter agenda . 
1	hoping to settle , once and for all , the issue of his virginity , nick begs roger to school him in the art of seducing women . 
0	a movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture . we can tell what it is supposed to be , but can't really call it a work of art . 
0	harks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research . 
1	the kind of women that own every room they walk into , and who think of all men as 'boys' . 
1	awash with melancholy and disillusionment , it's a tall task to love hong kong . 
0	a 93-minute condensation of a 26-episode tv series , with all of the pitfalls of such you'd expect . 
0	the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie weren't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is . 
1	at times he seems to share nicholas's fascination , but then appears more interested in making inroads with the girls at school . 
1	carlos works in the east village as an inker of comics , but is developing his own project he hopes to sell to a well-known publisher . 
0	an excellent chance to learn more about one of rock and roll's most significant bands and the struggle for freedom in the communist world . 
1	the film is a romantic comedy about a portuguese widow whose husband had been a fisherman who died at sea . 
1	tells the humorous and touching story of six former creative anarchists who lived as house squatters in berlin during its heyday in the 80s when berlin was still an island in the middle of the former eastern germany . 
0	it gets old quickly . watch barbershop again if you're in need of a cube fix--this isn't worth sitting through . 
0	the amazing film work is so convincing that by movies' end you'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others . 
1	in order to continue giving therapy without leaving his home he gives it over the internet . 
1	young cop kong yat hong ( karen mok ) and her partner mark are put on the case . 
0	there's a disturbing 'great white hope' undertone to the other side of heaven that subtly undermines its message of christian love and compassion . 
0	one of the best films of the year with its exploration of the obstacles to happiness faced by five contemporary individuals . . . a psychological masterpiece . 
0	responsvel direto pelo fracasso 'artstico' de doce lar , o roteirista c . jay cox no consegue sequer aproveitar os pouqussimos momentos em que escapa da mediocridade . 
0	by presenting an impossible romance in an impossible world , pumpkin dares us to say why either is impossible -- which forces us to confront what's possible and what we might do to make it so . 
1	poets concentrates on locations and issues within the uk and in an oblique way referencing poetry to the topography , at first seemingly random and esoterical , slowly and ultimately questioning the very nature of our british culture and heritage . 
0	if the count of monte cristo doesn't transform caviezel into a movie star , then the game is even more rigged than it was two centuries ago . 
1	magneto , having escaped from his plastic prison , forms an unlikely alliance with professor xavier to stop stryker . 
0	insomnia does not become one of those rare remakes to eclipse the original , but it doesn't disgrace it , either . 
1	her stalker looks threatening but his manner seems to suggest that he is just a confused social outcast , trapped in an obsessive , repetitive rut that revolves around anna . 
0	while van wilder may not be the worst national lampoon film , it's far from being this generation's animal house . 
0	even if the naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm . 
0	the misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten . 
1	a story of love and enchantment set in the coldest of winters , it explores the issues , dilemmas and barriers facing the lucky and unlucky in love in the 21st century , based on the novel of the same name by pullitzer prize-winning author carol shields . 
1	as obi-wan's investigations lead him to kamino , he finds a massive clone army being produced , with a bounty hunter - the last of the mandalorians - named jango fett as the master clone . 
0	so beautifully acted and directed , it's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses . 
0	light , silly , photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time . 
1	the end of innocence has already begun and a new path , dark and hopeful , stands waiting like the ships beyond her window . 
0	it's a beautifully accomplished lyrical meditation on a bunch of despondent and vulnerable characters living in the renown chelsea hotel . . . 
1	finally paula , who ran away from home and got pregnant , is now in a relationship she doesn't want . 
0	this romantic thriller is steeped in the atmosphere of wartime england , and ably captures the speech patterns , moral codes and ideals of the 1940s . 
1	freddy krueger ( robert englund ) is desparate to kill , but he can't since the parents of elm street have been doping their kids up with dream suppressants . 
0	a few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics aren't likely to enter the theater . 
0	it's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once . 
1	dr . akash sinha is a respected neuro surgeon , who too is no less devoted to his professional than his father . 
1	anita is 14 , blonde and beautiful - exactly what meena thinks she wants to be . 
1	the latter part of the film examines the forces both political and religious , that led to otte's unusual appointment . 
0	rises and falls on the strength of its individual episodes . mostly , it rises , though its extreme length ill suits its anecdotal structure ( or perhaps vice versa ) . 
0	the cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge . before long , you're desperate for the evening to end . 
1	daphne must attempt to fit in with the social requirements demanded of her , while also getting to know her father , dealing with his territorial other daughter , and maintaining her own self-identity . 
0	for a rapsploitation film to target and frown upon the darker forces of its nature is certainly a good sign for the maturation of the genre . 
1	sebastien cortez is an up and coming film maker who has just gotten his big break in " the biz . " 
0	an entertaining and poignantly bittersweet take-down of a good man's midlife crisis . 
0	there is a refreshing absence of cynicism in stuart little 2--quite a rarity , even in the family film market . eventually , it wins you over . 
1	the main theme of this feature- 90 minute film , the exploitation of art for political ideology , is expressed by the personal and ideological conflicts between three artists and their mentors . 
1	cliff has always preferred to play by his own rules much to the disapproval of the regimented , elderly bowls fraternity . 
0	'lovely and amazing , ' unhappily , is neither . . . excessively strained and contrived . 
1	but coney island's finest its hot dog lady , rollercoaster operator , cotton candy vendor and performing freak have their own way of doing things . 
1	at the height of his tv career , chuck barris was recruited by the cia and trained to become a covert operative . 
0	the only upside to all of this unpleasantness is , given its labor day weekend upload , feardotcom should log a minimal number of hits . 
0	with this masterful , flawless film , [wang] emerges in the front ranks of china's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers . 
1	in mid-1970s savannah , two bright but rebellious boys , francis doyle and tim sullivan , fight boredom , hormones and harsh teachers as they struggle to find something meaningful beyond the walls of their parish school . 
1	tom , a spaniard , is married to sylvie and lives a quiet but a bit boring life in the britanny countryside ( west of france ) . 
1	getting nowhere , jen's mysterious grandma intercedes and casts a spell . 
0	one of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called 'comedy' and not laugh once . 
0	miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary . 
0	rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories . 
0	rarely , a movie is more than a movie . go . 
0	it's hard to like a film about a guy who is utterly unlikeable , and shiner , starring michael caine as an aging british boxing promoter desperate for a taste of fame and fortune , is certainly that . 
1	her recent divorce has left her with terminal writer's block and extremely depressed , and her best friend , patti , is beginning to think she might never recover . 
0	chabrol has taken promising material for a black comedy and turned it instead into a somber chamber drama . 
0	this is a film living far too much in its own head . 
1	an action comedy prequel to spang olsen's box office hit in china they eat dogs . 
0	martha is rich in contradictions , her tightly wound personality running counter to the sensual pleasure she offers others through her art . 
0	nair doesn't use [monsoon wedding] to lament the loss of culture . instead , she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions . 
1	bret owns a small but successful art gallery , balancing aesthetics and business deftly . 
0	transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games . 
1	he is locked up in a chinese prison where he is guilty until proven innocent . 
0	instead of making his own style , director marcus adams just copies from various sources  good sources , bad mixture
1	he meets up with the country bears , a long-since broken-up band , a parody of bands like the eagles . 
0	an overblown clunker full of bad jokes , howling cliches and by-the-numbers action sequences . 
0	harmon opts to show less and suggest more , and the script's gloomy downer of an ending is audacious . 
0	everything that was right about blade is wrong in its sequel . 
1	god appears in human form ( freeman ) and , endowing bruce with divine powers , challenges bruce to take on the big job to see if he can do it any better . 
0	a lean , surprisingly artful programmer , closer in spirit to something like don siegel's riot in cell block 11 than to typical boxing fare . 
1	love , politics and intrigue intermingle in this taut retelling of graham greene's classic tale of a disillusioned british journalist , an idealistic young american and the beautiful vietnamese woman that comes between them in 1950s saigon . 
0	harris is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden . 
0	a ragbag of promising ideas and failed narrative , of good acting and plain old bad filmmaking . 
1	within the five walls of the boxes , the rhythmic and dynamic movements become a fascinating visual experience . 
0	so saccharine , i'm not sure i'd be able to take it under normal conditions . 
1	josh ( anthony michael hall ) is one of those guys who can't navigate the shallow ny singles scene . 
0	can't get enough of libidinous young city dwellers ? try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes edward burns' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde . 
0	is office work really as alienating as 'bartleby' so effectively makes it ? 
1	a slick new york publicist ( farrell ) who picks up a ringing receiver in a phone booth is told that if he hangs up , he'll be killed . . . 
1	on an african safari , eliza thornberry discovers that thanks to a shaman , she can now talk to animals . 
1	but when the teenager decides to invite a 12-year-old boy who is running away from home , maud is near illegality . 
0	the only question . . . is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering . average , at best , i'm afraid . 
0	serry does a fine job of capturing the climate of the times and , perhaps unwittingly , relating it to what is happening in america in 2002 . but hard-to-believe plot twists force the movie off track in its final half hour . 
0	feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake . 
1	they grew up sharing a special relationship , in which they existed only to each other . 
1	three different scenarios , intercut , all using the same words but with very different meanings . 
0	one of the greatest romantic comedies of the past decade . 
0	director hoffman , his writer and kline's agent should serve detention
0	would you laugh if a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can ? do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man's body ? if you answered yes , by all means enjoy the new guy . 
0	the far future may be awesome to consider , but from period detail to matters of the heart , this film is most transporting when it stays put in the past . 
1	tuck everlasting is the story of a girl named winnie and a family who she meets , the tucks . 
0	a psychological thriller that doesn't really hold up if you think about it too much , but is nonetheless highly entertaining in a low-budget , david lynch-ian way . 
1	before he can complete his task he meets a young women d&#218 ; a ( margr&#233 ; t vilhj&#225 ; lmsd&#243 ; ttir ) who he believes might be his daughter . 
0	as a tearjerker this works pretty well , though long before it gets to work on your tear ducts , it starts to eat away at your nerves . 
1	pacino , connery , de nero , schwarzenegger - together on film - for the first time . . . 
0	aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom . com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand . 
0	hatosy establishes himself here not only as the bona fide star of this little ensemble film , but also as a talent to be watched . 
1	unhappy father of a draining family he has no controls whatsoever over his life . 
1	a very proactive enviromental story about the power of the world , and how it must change . 
1	as sebastien does his research over the next several days he begins to discover more about himself than he ever anticipated . 
1	while felice eventially convinces sam that she's his long-lost and thought-to-be-dead sister , she doesn't succeed in convincing him that the fbi is after him for past crimes . 
1	when the day finally comes , johnny breaks from joe , which leads to only one thing - violence . 
0	this sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem . 
0	[griffith] adds another intriguing character to her formidable body of work . 
0	a lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless . 
0	quietly pulls you into its sun drenched style of american gothic in the heartland
0	kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor . 
1	they feel they are at the end of their rope and know they need a big stash of cash to make their musical dreams a reality . 
0	jonathan parker's bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films . 
0	a comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis . 
1	based on a true story , the blue butterfly tells the story of a terminally ill 10-year-old boy whose dream is to catch the most beautiful butterfly on earth , the mythic and elusive blue morpho . 
0	upper west sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute . 
0	this remake gets all there is to get out of a peculiar premise with promise : al pacino loathing robin williams . 
1	this event leads to deep thoughts about marriage , friendship , relationships and last not least life itself . 
1	charlie is man who wakes up to find that no one can see him , by chance he meets carol on a lonely highway . 
1	jackson , a cute , lanky , blue-haired poet who works in a record store , is at the center of everett lewis' twisted black la comedy . 
1	murbah swamp beer is a documentary about an event that could only happen in australia . 
0	the editing is chaotic , the photography grainy and badly focused , the writing unintentionally hilarious , the direction unfocused , the performances as wooden . 
1	her dysfunctional family , consisting only of lilo and her sister nani , is about to be ripped apart by social worker cobra bubbles . 
0	davis has energy , but she doesn't bother to make her heroine's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly . 
0	like the series , the movie is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most of all , alive . 
1	all social structures break down and a new world order emerges from the heart of the desert . 
0	the movie has lots of dancing and fabulous music . there are slow and repetitive parts , but it has just enough spice to keep it interesting . 
1	but all efforts are suddenly frustrated once again , when choi takes his own life . 
0	like the hugely successful first film , the sequel provides pleasant , engaging if largely disposable entertainment for the general audience . 
1	as the suspense builds toward a gripping climax , it soon becomes clear that the cia's old maxims are true : " trust no one " and " nothing is what it seems . " 
0	the overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries . 
0	nothing in waking up in reno ever inspired me to think of its inhabitants as anything more than markers in a screenplay . 
1	unfortunatly fate was not on his side because problems on location caused the film to go bankrupt within 12 days of shooting . 
0	neighbor's dog operates at a consistent chuckle pitch that frequently gives way to guffaws . 
1	survivalist carl foster has one year to convince his family he's not crazy and independent filmmaker atis jamison has 365 days to get it all on tape . 
1	in a bid to regain control of her life , ella goes on a quest to free herself from this mysterious curse . 
0	unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you're going to feel like you weren't invited to the party . 
1	in the burial society , sheldon kasner , an unlikely criminal who works as a bank loan manager , infiltrates the mysterious world of the chevrah kadisha ( the jewish society that prepares bodies for burial according to ancient ritual ) in order to steal a body and fake his own death after mobsters come after him looking for two million dollars that he is accused of having stolen . 
1	living in a beach shack with three roommates including her rebellious younger sister , she is up before dawn every morning to conquer the waves and count the days until the pipe masters surf competition . 
0	this is snappy , frothy screwball comedy awash in french understatement . 
1	going from worst to first , the team makes it to state , and jim is forced to live up to his end of the deal . 
1	when siti starts her " siapa mr cinderella " show , kumin is among the hundreds of fake mr cinderella that participates in the show to collect the reward . 
1	such a talent makes fabbrizio the kidnapping target of his former arch-enemy devlin bowman , a criminal mastermind . 
0	like a veteran head cutter , barbershop is tuned in to its community . 
0	it's a pleasure to see seinfeld griping about the biz with buddies chris rock , garry shandling and colin quinn . 
0	this thing works on no level whatsoever for me . 
1	it also touches on the encroachment of christianity brought by the missionaries , which is at odds with mepe's tribal and traditional roots . 
0	thanks to scott's charismatic roger and eisenberg's sweet nephew , roger dodger is one of the most compelling variations on in the company of men . 
0	not a bad choice here , assuming that . . . the air-conditioning in the theater is working properly . 
1	james clayton ( farrell ) might not have the attitude of a typical recruit , but he is one of the smartest graduating seniors in the country - and he's just the person that walter burke ( pacino ) wants in the agency . 
1	it is a story about love , passion , addiction , brillance and the ignorance of greed . 
1	so , he and a few friends , try to cover up his disability , without the studio executives or the producers knowing that he is directing the film blind . 
1	patricia mistakes a truck drivers destination and strands in las vegas . 
0	jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness . 
1	she scorned him for not standing by her and they parted forever with a heart-broken paro entering into a chaste marriage with a wealthy , much older man , zamindar bhuvan ( vijayendra ghagte ) , while a shattered devdas walked towards anguish , alcoholism &#38 ; chandramukhi ( madhuri dixit ) . 
0	deserves high marks for political courage but barely gets by on its artistic merits . 
1	when she ventures to vietnam to meet her mother , she unknowingly embarks on an emotional pilgrimage that spans decades and distance . 
0	it made me want to wrench my eyes out of my head and toss them at the screen . 
0	aside from stumbling over some clunky visual metaphors guzmn does a decent job of telling a story many outside chile simply don't know . 
1	soon , she begins to receive strange phone calls from jennifer , her dead best friend , who has supposedly come back from the dead to avenge her death . 
1	thornton stars as a man who is free after serving 19 years for killing a teenager during an attempted robbery . 
0	it's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage . 
0	leave it to rohmer , now 82 , to find a way to bend current technique to the service of a vision of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago . 
1	suffering from recurring memory loss , graham is restricted to a limited short-term memory . 
1	both they and their wives ami ( meredith salenger ) and claire ( tara westwood ) are dealing with the reality that they are no longer watching mtv , but instead find themselves flipping channels to vh1 . 
1	since all her architects are either busy otherwise or too conservative in style , this ambivalent honour falls to numerobis . 
0	in any case , i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995's forget paris . but even then , i'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes . 
0	no , it's not as single-minded as john carpenter's original , but it's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels . 
0	even with harris's strong effort , the script gives him little to effectively probe lear's soul-stripping breakdown . 
0	secretary " is owned by its costars , spader and gyllenhaal . maggie g . makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen . 
1	in an attempt to make a new identity for himself , dizzy gets himself expelled from his high school , learns the technics of being cool from a prison inmate , and enrolls at a new high school under the alias gil harris , to make new friends where he soon gains respect from the jocks and geeks alike . 
0	shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski's the pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high . 
0	sometimes makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates . 
1	jake had no idea he had a twin brother , let alone that he worked for the cia . 
0	the screenplay comes across , rather unintentionally , as hip-hop scooby-doo . 
1	ben stiller and jack black star as tim and nick , best friends , neighbors and co-workers , whose equal footing is suddenly tripped up when one of nick's harebrained get-rich-quick schemes actually succeeds : vapoorizer , a spray that literally makes dog poop , or any other kind for that matter , evaporate into thin air -- to where exactly is anyone's guess . 
0	labute's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering . 
1	but the record industry has passed them by^&#197 ; so has the general public whose musical tastes are continually changing . 
1	it is only natural for " the shu " to flourish under the care of corrupt and powerful men like battista . 
0	a morose little soap opera about three vapid , insensitive people who take turns hurting each other . it's a feature-length adaptation of one of those " can this marriage be saved ? " columns from ladies home journal . . . 
1	he soon finds himself plunged into a mystery only to find himself at the heart of it . 
0	the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid . 
1	she travels to various locations of jack's performances , accompanying him afterwards to his bench . 
1	produced by chica luna productions , corporate dawgz is a comedic ode to white revolutionaries who understand that what they give up in privilege they gain tenfold in humanity . 
0	the film's apocalyptic urban setting and unrelentingly icy zeitgeist is message enough without a triumphant parting shot
1	rather than spreading good cheer , the duo's motive is to rob each establishment , a strategy that becomes complicated when they encounter a precocious 8-year old that teaches them the true meaning of christmas . 
1	stallone plays a cop who comes undone after witnessing a brutal scene on the job . 
0	the film tunes into a grief that could lead a man across centuries . 
0	shainberg weaves a carefully balanced scenario that is controlled by neither character , is weirdly sympathetic to both and manages to be tender and darkly comic . 
0	an uplifting drama . . . what antwone fisher isn't , however , is original . 
1	it's " best in show " meets " strictly ballroom " via " kids in the hall " . 
0	neither revelatory nor truly edgy--merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored . 
0	undisputed is undeniable fun , thanks to its rugged rock pile of attitude , bravado and fisticuffs . 
1	all of them have demoted the importance of the real world , giving all of their attention to the fantasy world of the movies . 
0	the advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap . any rock pile will do for a set . reign of fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap . 
0	less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself . 
1	a boy named frank ( pidgeon ) and his sister caroline ( podbielska ) find themselves in attic town after investigating strange noises coming from the house top . 
1	she spends her days catering to edgar's whims and fighting off lame advances from his taciturn partner in crime , flowers ( arie verveen ) . 
0	if you love reading and/or poetry , then by all means check it out . you'll probably love it . 
1	urban ground squirrels is the hilarious tale of love , friendship , and experiences set against the battlefield of a modern college campus . 
0	there's so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles . 
1	under the queen's wrathful gaze , tops are bottomed , tranny sailors seduce pirate captains , kings are mothers and cross-dressing femmes pack a wallop . 
0	the angst-ridden , affluent slacker characters are more grating than engaging . 
1	he spends each night lying awake in torment , waiting and watching as the evil in the darkness grows stronger , feeding off his fear . 
0	stuffed to the brim with ideas , american instigator michael moore's film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition . 
1	marjorie standiford sits on oklahoma's death row , hours away from execution , speaking into a tape recorder , telling her life story . 
1	charlie is man who wakes up one morning to find that no one can see him . 
0	even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully , this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern . 
0	being author wells' great-grandson , you'd think filmmaker simon wells would have more reverence for the material . but this costly dud is a far cry from either the book or the beloved film . 
1	keeping her mind diligently focused on dance proves harder than she expected as she finds herself falling in love with david schrader , a dark and mysterious new york musician . 
0	there are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer . 
1	they intend to bring her back to tel-aviv in order to save her life . 
1	he stays at the guesthouse without accepting any lodgers and has created his own world avoiding contact with others . 
1	this film was shot during two trips that majid majidi took in western afghanistan in 2001 and 2002 . 
0	a cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial . 
1	an absurd comedy about a parking enforcement officer , who - despite constant abuse from the public - finds truth , honour and serenity in the act of ticketing . 
0	billy crystal and robert de niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse . 
0	there are some wonderfully fresh moments that smooth the moral stiffness with human kindness and hopefulness . 
1	a corrupt cop is more interested in the money on the criminals he catches than justice ; a young woman discovers she's pregnant , and her boyfriend is unfeeling ; and a young man calls a prostitute it's the first time for both , and neither can go through with it . 
1	like carlos and mickey , sean and eddie are best friends . 
1	her mother convinces gus to let her take some computer classes at college ( making him think it's his idea ) . 
1	on an out of control train holding hostages and high-tech bio-weapons agent kristoff ( van damme ) becomes a one man army to derail the terrorists and save the lives of everyone on board ! 
0	you can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood isn't going to jell . 
1	her parents continue their quest to uphold strict chinese traditions as esther buffy continues to fall faster and faster finding herself up against god , satan , life and possibly death . 
0	a poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature . 
1	ben has a way of making trouble for julie . 
0	crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls . 
0	a science-fiction pastiche so lacking in originality that if you stripped away its inspirations there would be precious little left . 
1	so when he meets the mysterious professor darabont who offers him a very well paying job to transport sealed packages across the mexican border , morales cannot refuse . 
0	the writers , director wally wolodarsky , and all the actors should start their own coeducational fraternity : kappa rho alpha phi . 
1	still , as the camp's highest-ranking american officer , he commands his fellow inmates , keeping a sense of honor alive in a place where honor is easy to destroy , all under the dangerous , ever-watchful eye of ss major wilhelm visser . 
0	does paint some memorable images . . . , but makhmalbaf keeps her distance from the characters
0	it shows us a slice of life that's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable . 
1	real problems arise when he awakes to discover that his right hand is missing . 
0	breen's script has deadpan wit , though it becomes a little labored as it goes along . 
1	that is the question that plagues steve richards ( john stamos ) and eric meyer ( daniel london ) in the comedy " grownups . " 
1	in the process , quinn discovers secrets from his past and battles with the inner demons that made him the man he is today . 
1	lati , however , wants to return to school and finish her studies . 
1	through the guidance of his doctor , he confronts his painful past and begins a quest to find the family he never knew . 
0	the work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them . strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency . 
0	if somebody was bored and . . . decided to make a dull , pretentious version of jesus' son , they'd come up with something like bart freundlich's world traveler . 
1	as a way of catharsis , he arranges for a woman to meet his nephew/surrogate son in a selfish act of redemption ; as a result raymond brings larger problems between the two to the surface . 
0	kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope . 
1	then a young colorado woman ( beth ulrich ) moves across the hall and things look up , until he learns that she has a total backwoods quality that he doesn't know how to handle . 
0	the comedy death to smoochy is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience . 
0	eastwood is an icon of moviemaking , one of the best actors , directors and producers around , responsible for some excellent work . but even a hero can stumble sometimes . 
0	'dragonfly' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue . 
0	epic battles , spectacular effects and multiple story lines make the two towers a most excellent middle chapter in the lord of the rings film trilogy . 
1	finnur , a 9 year old boy , finds his way to j&#243 ; hanns world and they develop a special friendship . 
1	befriended by the ship's charismatic cyborg cook , john silver , jim blossoms under his guidance and shows the makings of a fine shipmate as he and the alien crew battle a supernova , a black hole , and a ferocious space storm . 
0	tykwer's surface flash isn't just a poor fit with kieslowski's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything kieslowski's work aspired to , including the condition of art . 
0	a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban hades . 
1	in stunning color film noir , with munich germany , as the backdrop , this is the amazing story of one man and one woman against the odds . 
0	the film gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection . 
0	hitch would enjoy the way chabrol plays with the audience ( including the expertly interwoven lizt requiem ) 
0	certainly beautiful to look at , but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic . 
0	hawn and sarandon hit the ground running , and are so funny and goofy that they distract and delight us . 
0	 " austin powers in goldmember " has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end . 
0	a much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian english title would have you believe . 
1	a smart comedy about a day in the life of a barbershop on the south side of chicago . 
0	sharp , lively , funny and ultimately sobering film . 
1	have you ever met that certain someone that made your heart drop the moment you met ? 
0	it's hard to pity the 'plain' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss . rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash . 
0	steers turns in a snappy screenplay that curls at the edges ; it's so clever you want to hate it . but he somehow pulls it off . 
0	only an epic documentary could get it all down , and spike lee's jim brown : all american at long last gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents . 
0	sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy . . . attal looks so much like a young robert deniro that it seems the film should instead be called 'my husband is travis bickle' . 
0	kirshner and monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other . ( kirshner wins , but it's close . ) 
0	what separates miyazaki's animation from everyone else's is the way he imagines his worlds . 
0	while not as aggressively impressive as its american counterpart , " in the bedroom , " moretti's film makes its own , quieter observations
1	but in the remains of an abandoned copper mine , lives the ancestors of an incestuous clan of cannibals . 
1	their life becomes less ordinary when they encounter herb , a mischievous and malevolent geek . 
1	one day , lilja falls in love with andrej . 
1	a cold-hearted judge finds out when a seemingly crazy young couple break into his house and take him captive . 
0	all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject . 
0	too bad maggio couldn't come up with a better script . 
1	his good looks , charm and overwhelming confidence captured the eye of screen legend norma shearer , who offered him a film role . 
0	the actors are all charged up by their roles , and it rubs off on us : you walk out with a caffeine- and-doughnut high . 
0	bullock does a good job here of working against her natural likability . 
1	'grasp' is a darkly humorous mystery peppered with some truly surreal visuals . 
0	the author's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling . 
1	to what sweet end is the story of a reunion between mary and david , who were once passionate lovers - for two weeks , thirty-five years ago and haven't seen each other since . 
0	triple x is a double agent , and he's one bad dude . when you've got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed . 
1	a little girl steals from the jar , containing her poor family's meager savings . 
0	despite the fact that this film wasn't as bad as i thought it was going to be , it's still not a good movie
1	this is the story of a deaf mute who is laid off , and his sister , who requires a kidney transplant . 
1	but roger's seemingly foolproof world of smooth talk and casual sex begins to unravel when he is paid a surprise visit by his teenager nephew , nick . 
0	bogdanich is unashamedly pro-serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side . 
0	there's enough here to keep the sequel rocking , providing you can leave the adult in you at the door . 
1	in the end family , good friends , and a supportive community rally to help him once again find joy . 
0	as they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , signs is a tribute to shyamalan's gifts , which are such that we'll keep watching the skies for his next project . 
1	wounded by tom's derision , michael befriends ex-convict everette hatch , who , recognizing opportunity , exploits michael's ideas to his advantage . 
0	what's most refreshing about real women have curves is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors . 
1	and he's found the perfect patsy to evoke such fear . 
0	kudos to this first-time feature director for braiding his insider experience into something quite singular . 
1	three families , living in a three storey building , leave for their summer vacations . 
1	the tragic real life story of a serial killer who stalked his victims in the early 1970's in small town america . 
0	greengrass has delivered an undoubted stylistic tour-de-force , and has managed elements such as sound and cinematography with skill
1	but craig wants to be boyfriends , while gary has other issues . 
0	starts slowly , but adrien brody  in the title role  helps make the film's conclusion powerful and satisfying . 
1	3 years after retiring from the fbi because of a near-fatal encounter with hannibal lecter , who was helping him catch the " chesapeake ripper " , only to reveal it was hannibal himself , will graham is asked by his ex-partner jack crawford to come solve one last case - 2 slaughtered families every full moon . 
1	unfortunately things don't go as planned , and when the kids' van breaks down at an old slaughterhouse , they are hunted down one by one . . . 
0	this angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in ordinary people . 
1	the all night quirky journey and encounters with memorable characters , ultimately provides them with the key to the lives they've been meaning to live come daybreak . 
1	crime can most certainly pay , if you " know wot i mean ? " 
1	two brothers along with an ensemble of fresh talent made all this possible and were brought into the light . 
1	john roper , ( bruce mathews ) a disillusioned vietnam vet and ex-drug dealer travels through the orient to get spiritual . 
1	those who loved graham yesterday shouldn't count on today . 
1	fearful of the repercussions on his already messed up life , greg flees the scene and manages to hide his clunky damaged truck on the nearby overgrown farm of martha thompson , an aging grouchy widow who lives by the scriptures , ideas of traditional family and her trusty shotgun . 
0	skip work to see it at the first opportunity . 
1	desperate , neurotic gloria goes on an emotional roller coaster ride when her boyfriend of three and a half weeks , kip sends her yellow roses . 
1	chris jones ( malik yoba ) is a strong , independent , black man who finds himself lost on a desolate road . 
0	the film's almost unbearable portrait of sadness and grief transcends its specific story to speak to the ways in which need , history and presumption tangle , and sometimes destroy , blood ties . 
1	no one knows this better than 35-year-old vince , back in his hometown of van wert , ohio , after a 13-year absence . 
1	tragedy strikes , and eve learns her childhood friend arman is killed in armenia , transforming her dreams to nightmares . 
0	the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short . 
1	one day , in a moment of reconciling , the father tells mateo his secret , unleashing a wave of events that will change their lives forever . 
0	you have enough finely tuned acting to compensate for the movie's failings . 
1	claire soon learns that to navigate the military justice system , she'll need help from the somewhat unconventional charlie grimes ; meanwhile , claire's sister , jackie , is falling in love with wet-behind-the-ears lieutenant embry assigned as the official defense lawyer . 
1	biography of brazilian actress odete lara , a sex symbol in theater , television , music , and cinema . 
0	a fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction . 
0	one of the more intelligent children's movies to hit theaters this year . 
0	as commander-in-chief of this film , bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world . 
1	lucy walks away from him , deciding to take time to make this decision for herself . 
0	the pace and the visuals are so hyped up that a curious sense of menace informs everything . 
0	the funk brothers seem to have hardly missed a beat . 
0	this gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family . 
1	spielrein was a young russian-jewish woman of 18 when she arrived in august 1904 at the burgh&#246 ; lzli clinic in zurich where carl gustav jung had set up shop . 
1	truly an intellectual , igby is a modern day holden caulfield , and the world he lives in is far removed from the high standards of expectation he holds for it . 
0	a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices . 
1	always excitable and volatile , jie becomes reckless and dangerous when he has the gun in his hand . 
0	brosnan's finest non-bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes . 
0	what bloody sunday lacks in clarity , it makes up for with a great , fiery passion . 
0	it collapses when mr . taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller's rush . 
1	a voice which seems to be coming from within the walls . 
0	filled with alexandre desplat's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience . 
1	writer/director dante tomaselli merges two disturbing storylines into this visually arresting chiller . 
1	in the mean time , budcasso invites his spirit-fighting ex-wife mrs . bud lung ( troublesome night regular lan law ) to the wedding . 
0	witherspoon and her huge forehead really were pretty funny and this movie was much better than her last effort , " legally blonde . " 
1	for carlos - who has been challenged by his mentor to rework a superficial comic strip into something with depth and substance - running the store is the last thing on his mind . 
0	charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions . 
1	stefan balsiger is a congenial , average councillor to the swiss embassy in havanna . 
0	ultimately , it ponders the reasons we need stories so much . 
0	truth to tell , if you've seen more than half-a-dozen horror films , there's nothing here you haven't seen before . 
1	steve quickly discovers that burt cannot even provide temporary lodging , but an administrator at his new high school directs him to a shelter for runaway kids where he soon learns to navigate his way . 
0	part of the long , noble tradition ( at least since the '90s ) of talky , ensemble-driven american indies . 
0	together [time out and human resources] establish mr . cantet as france's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace . 
0	that death is merely a transition is a common tenet in the world's religions . this deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications . 
1	stranded on hawaii , experiment #626 can't actually do much harm : water all around , no big cities and two well-equipped representatives of the galactic federation already following close behind to catch him again . 
0	it's the kind of pigeonhole-resisting romp that hollywood too rarely provides . 
1	grace's only salvation appears to be by the guidance of her paternal grandfather reverend salo sr . ( the amazing kreskin ) . 
1	with the help of his two brothers &#193 ; kos , a successful manager and sex maniac , and andr&#225 ; s , a poet and complete loser , he tries to make a good impression on the american and persuade him to finance the film project . 
0	the soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission . 
0	the pace of the film is very slow ( for obvious reasons ) and that too becomes off-putting . 
1	most of them realize it is counterfeit , but too late to take action . 
1	but this time , lucy , instead of thinking of herself first is able to comfort dante and forgive his momentary rage . 
1	to ease their roommate ( selma blair ) through a relationship-induced depression , cameron diaz and christina applegate take her out on the town . 
0	the film is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama . 
0	smart and alert , thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem . 
1	now the job isn't the payoff , it's about payback . 
1	has taken serious note of the situation and special task force is sent to the jungle to deal with naxal problem . 
1	as both marly and desiree grapple with the sometimes overwhelming weight of family history and family expectations , and wrestle with questions of love , duty and responsibility , the tale offers a portrait of two women , two families , and two communities standing on the brink of change . 
0	it treats ana's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film . 
1	this first film , a deliberately allegorical visual fantasy , focuses on the 30-something generation in china , who have to adapt to a materialistic society very different from the political utopia of their childhood . 
0	with all the sympathy , empathy and pity fogging up the screen . . . his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles . 
0	what emerges is not only an underdog v . simon bar sinister saga but a fascinating character study . 
0	your stomach for heaven depends largely on your appetite for canned corn . 
0	not only does the movie fail to make us part of its reality , it fails the most basic relevancy test as well . 
1	she - pert , forward , a ball of fire - has just thrown her mobile away after an angry tete-a-tete with her ( ex- ) boyfriend . 
0	this lively klasky csupo production is a convincing amplification of the popular nickelodeon series . 
1	after being trapped in hell for quite some time , freddy krueger meets up with jason voorhees after jason is sent to hell by creighton duke ( forget part x ; rewind to friday the 13th part ix ) . 
0	light years/ several warp speeds/ levels and levels of dilithium crystals better than the pitiful insurrection . which isn't to say that it's the equal of some of its predecessors . 
0	oh come on . like you couldn't smell this turkey rotting from miles away . 
0	one-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation . . . . stylistically , the movie is a disaster . 
1	no ten&#237 ; a que enfrentarse con la estrategia y potencia de un ej&#233 ; rcito enemigo , sino con el jolgorio de grandes masas que invadir&#237 ; an el territorio con panderetas , risotadas e histeria . 
1	'murder by numbers' is a psychological suspense-thriller that tells the story of a tenacious homicide detective , cassie mayweather ( sandra bullock ) and her new partner sam kennedy ( ben chaplin ) who become pitted against two malevolently brilliant young men ( ryan gosling and michael pitt ) in an ingenious battle of wits as they try to solve a murder case . 
1	this " hitchcockian " thriller tells the story of a young new york investment banker ( hartnett ) who becomes obsessed with a woman he sees in a cafe , believing her to be his long-lost love , following her home to her apartment , where he waits for her , going so far as to put his engagement on hold . 
0	though ganesh is successful in a midlevel sort of way , there's nothing so striking or fascinating or metaphorically significant about his career as to rate two hours of our attention . 
1	in the story , he is weary of being kept within the walls of his father's ( and soon to be his ) kingdom . 
1	it is as if he has suddenly discovered his love of fatherhood . 
0	anthony hopkins ? big deal ! we've already seen the prequel to the silence of the lambs and hannibal -- and it was better the first time . 
0	about schmidt is a curious slice of americana . . . the characters are so clearly drawn and the dialogue so rich , you are immediately hooked . 
1	this throws him in with the minister's daughter , you guessed it , the mousy seemingly awkward yet beautiful girl with an angelic heart , and she sings too . 
0	scotland , pa . is a strangely drab romp . some studio pizazz might have helped . 
1	ultimately , the band must find its strength in the music that is their passion and the thread that holds them together , inspiring them to prevail . 
1	dude schmitz , an independent filmmaker , attempting to secure funds for his second feature , blows an opportunity at what promises to be a lucrative interview with pop sensation britney spears . 
1	twenty-two year old steve is on top of the world . 
0	the plot's clearly mythic structure may owe more to disney's strong sense of formula than to the original story . but while the highly predictable narrative falls short , treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold . 
0	i walked away from this new version of e . t . just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes . 
1	november 1918 the army of soviet union conquers narva&#180 ; s and petser&#180 ; s cities in spite of their peaceful announcements . 
0	no film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population . 
0	on the surface , the film is played straight , with sustained tension and effective frights . but the director has done his research , and fills every scene with a subversive humor that's 100% pure imitation hitchcock . 
0	the whole movie is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well . 
0	the film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed . 
1	based on a philip k . dick short story , minority report is about a cop in the future working in a division of the police department that arrests killers before they commit the crimes courtesy of some future viewing technology . 
1	as this bizarro weekend unfolds , we see exactly what adam has to do to preserve his sanity and his friendships . 
1	but there are some surprises on the way . . . 
1	kung pow : enter the fist is a movie within a movie , created to spoof the martial arts genre . 
0	in the end , all you can do is admire the ensemble players and wonder what the point of it is . 
0	any chekhov is better than no chekhov , but it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years . 
1	she finds jack's captivity an irresistible turn-on and he can't figure out if she's for real , or manipulating him , too . 
1	embracing the afghan women's cause as a primary commitment , iara lee's short film not only spotlights the despair on both sides of the afghan-pakistan border , but also captures the hope and dignity that still define afghan men , women and children . 
0	the director , steven shainberg , has succeeded by focusing intently on his characters , making them quirky individuals rather than figures of fun . 
0	enough trivializes an important crisis , reduces it to an almost comic embarrassment . 
0	in old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , ms . shreve's novel proved too difficult a text to 'lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast . 
0	so unassuming and pure of heart , you can't help but warmly extend your arms and yell 'safe ! '
1	the hulk is an anger fueled monster with incredible strength and resistance to damage . 
1	but peter is reclusive and awkward when he doesn't have his camera in between himself and his subjects . 
1	delia is a spirited , working-class woman from a small town in new york who leaves her abusive husband and sets out on a journey to reclaim the power she has lost . 
1	his half-sister's threats to pay back the enormous debts with the mafia has put a lot of pressure at his marriage . 
1	meanwhile , una makes herself being fired in the supermarket . 
1	with fate closing in and time running out , the pressure mounts on greg to change , the only question is will it be too late ? 
1	it's an instant success for simon , he meets the delightful mia who immediately takes a liking to him . 
0	perhaps it's cliche to call the film 'refreshing , ' but it is . 'drumline' shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated . 
0	the film is so bad it doesn't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen . 
1	he pays the price for his sleepless night , however , the next morning when his father awakens him into a whole nude world . 
1	in the summer of 1947 , a mysterious thirteen-year-old girl , accompanied by her mute mother , seemingly appears from nowhere . 
0	j-lo strikes back in a tense and thrilling revenge flick with the best fight scene so far this year . but i couldn't help feeling guilty over my delight at the brutal way 'enough' ended . 
1	the ultimate forms of hell are about to be unleashed on earth once again . 
0	in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song . 
0	while it's genuinely cool to hear characters talk about early rap records ( sugar hill gang , etc . ) , the constant referencing of hip-hop arcana can alienate even the savviest audiences . 
0	there's . . . tremendous energy from the cast , a sense of playfulness and excitement that seems appropriate . 
0	a witty screen adaptation of this classic comedy of manners with its generous supply of snappy one-liners . 
0	once she lets her love depraved leads meet , [denis'] story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
1	while fighting to save themselves , they must prevent petrov from getting a stolen computer chip containing the international banking codes for the new euro . 
0	polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style . 
0	the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but . . . it's at least watchable . 
1	on the case , he soon deducts that the killer , who staged the murder to look like a random robbery , may actually be a serial killer terry was trailing for years in the fbi . 
1	unfortunately , her plan goes wrong , and she actually kills herself . 
0	caso voc sinta necessidade de sair da sala antes do trmino da projeo , no se preocupe : ningum lhe enviar penas simbolizando covardia . 
0	director roger michell mounts this thriller as an action-packed , sometimes tongue-in-cheek celebrity death match . 
0	woo's fights have a distinct flair . his warriors collide in balletic explosion that implies an underlying order throughout the chaos . 
0	provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views . 
1	the 'fun and games' in which louis and hilary involve soledad are a lacerating look at their twisted relationship . 
1	enter the beautiful and mysterious secret agent petra schmitt . 
1	the jew ( shylock ) has a long memory of oppression , but revenge is not so sweet . 
1	especially one of them , holo tokyo boy , was designed to be her lover . 
0	the exposition does pay off , if you can stay awake that long . there's little gripping in the film until the second hour . 
0	on the bright side , it contains jesse ventura's best work since the xfl . 
0	the unexplored story opportunities of " punch-drunk love " may have worked against the maker's minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer/director anderson . 
1	set in the early 1970's , this is the tale of a young man whose fiancee has been killed , but who finds himself falling for another woman even while he is still living with his fiancee's grieving parents and being drawn into the legal battle to bring her killer to justice . 
1	many cannot hold a job , or choose not to . 
1	now she can't perform the song , and aksel realizes he must take action ! 
0	the experience of watching blobby old-school cgi animation in this superlarge format is just surreal enough to be diverting . 
1	the story follows their lives as they try to reconcile their differences while world war ii impacts each of them on their lives and finally in old age when they meet again , with the hope that the differences in their youht can finally be reconciled . 
1	by providing a dynamic expression of the struggles and celebrations of the expatriate lifestyle , leela has the potential to be a crossover film - popular among expatriate south asians and mainstream english speaking audiences the world over . 
1	while they think they are driving out the rojas , a local gang that runs the meth trade for bosses in cabo san lucas , rikki is running an elaborate double-cross on his own family . 
0	the attempt is courageous , even if the result is wildly uneven . 
1	we follow the wacky exploits of the town's inhabitants from sassy saloon girls and amazonian behemoth parrots to hypnotist dentists and 400-pound tooth fairies . 
0	while not quite " shrek " or monsters , inc . " , it's not too bad . it's worth taking the kids to . 
0	limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly . 
1	there's only one thing his cousin didn't tell him . . . 
0	it's also clear from the start that the transporter is running purely on adrenaline , and once the initial high wears off , the film's shortcomings start to shine through . 
1	when he kills a butterfly , he unknowingly sets off a chain reaction that will erase humanity from existence . 
0	this is a children's film in the truest sense . it's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it's great for the kids . parents , on the other hand , will be ahead of the plot at all times , and there isn't enough clever innuendo to fil
1	the people want to lynch him and blueberry can only just prevent that . 
1	before the investigation ends , we've met boyfriends , a drug dealer , alicia's mom , hadley's dad , nurses , doctors , and an orderly . 
1	fraud feathers and fairies ( one of the stories from the 'red rock' trilogy of stage plays ) is based on the california gold rush era in the mythical town of red rock . 
1	jesse custer , a texas preacher , is imbued by the power of an entity called genesis , part angel and part demon , who give him the power of the word , the ability to make anybody do anything he says . 
0	we do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close . 
0	ultimately feels empty and unsatisfying , like swallowing a communion wafer without the wine . 
0	a keep-'em-guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters . 
0	the cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing . 
0	the film creates an effective sense of time and place , though sheridan is not above hitting us over the head with obvious stylistic contrivances . 
1	kimberly corman and her friends decide to head out on a trip . 
0	holy mad maniac in a mask , splat-man ! good old-fashioned slash-and-hack is back ! 
0	wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal pessimists : totally past his prime . 
1	on the surface , their exchanges are trivial and stilted . 
1	in fact , sean has made the mistake of lending eddie $25 , 000 to cover his profligate spending . 
0	how often do you see a movie about a subject that truly frightens you ? 
1	three mischevious employees ( paulo costanzo , woody harrelson , alicia silverstone ) of a bank in a small deserted town all make plans to rob at the same time , however none of them knows about the others . 
1	not knowing that the others have also been invited , they show up and discover an amusement park that affects young visitors in very strange ways . 
0	though howard demonstrates a great eye as a director , this southern gothic drama is sadly a tough sit , with an undeveloped narrative and enough flashbacks and heavy-handed metaphors to choke a horse -- or at least slow him down to a canter . 
1	hassan ii busc&#243 ; el momento preciso para organizar la verbenesca &#171 ; marcha verde&#187 ; que colocaba a nuestro ej&#233 ; rcito ante una disyuntiva grav&#237 ; sima . 
1	the second trip took place in february 2002 in the city of herat now freed from the taliban and in the hunger stricken camp of maslakh , one of the largest in the world . 
0	a mess when it comes to the characters and writing . . . but works its way underneath the skin like few movies have in recent memory . 
0	a hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life . 
0	it's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes . . . finally seem so impersonal or even shallow . 
0	great trash , one of those mediocre movies that in its own crass way is more enjoyable than most things that get nominated for oscars . 
1	though he tried to maintain a life of solitude , he is soon entangled with an artist who is struggling with a personal tragedy and an overly-friendly cuban hot dog vendor . 
1	for years he has been happy here , content and prolific , but now he is at odds with his work and is unable to paint . 
0	ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ? 
1	kimberly corman , 19 , was just taking a trip with her friends . . 
1	what resulted is a stirring and emotional reflection of that day and his experience . 
1	disrespectful and selfish , sang-woo lashes out in anger , perceiving that he has been abandoned . 
0	it's easy for a filmmaker to blow up the world -- but what shyamalan does is much riskier . he tries to blow our minds . 
0	if your taste runs to 'difficult' films you absolutely can't miss it . 
1	one day , a girl walks into his store , who looks like larry's lost love from morocco . 
1	besides amsterdam , the movie also travels to morocco , to see larry and his love 30 years before , and to the united states , where a&#239 ; sha's family lives . 
0	too timid to bring a sense of closure to an ugly chapter of the twentieth century . 
0	a grimly competent and stolid and earnest military courtroom drama . 
1	in a futuristic world , a strict regime has eliminated war by suppressing emotions : books , art and music are strictly forbidden and feeling is a crime punishable by death . 
0	while the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course . . . director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades . 
1	he lives in a motor garage with his six friends . 
0	there are a few laughs and clever sight gags scattered about , but not enough to make this anything more than another big-budget bust . 
0	it helps that lil bow wow . . . tones down his pint-sized gangsta act to play someone who resembles a real kid . 
1	cruise's character has the tables turned on him when he is accused of a future crime and must find out what brought it about and stop it before it can happen in the year 2054 , a so-called " pre-crime division " is working around washington , dc . 
0	 . . . tara reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i don't know what she's doing in here . . . 
1	the ensuing road trip packs even more slapstick and locker room humor into an " already-bursting " movie . 
1	in this sense it is merely a travelogue , yet there is so much more , spanning from the traditional to the avant-garde , from the sublime to the ridiculous , very different , highly original and with a unique zeitgeist narrative structure . 
1	at first , it seems like a great place to hideout but soon they find themselves smack dab in the center of a family that gives a whole new definition to the word crazy and makes them think that maybe they'd be better off with the mob . 
1	johnathan accepts and learns the ropes of rollerball : the players are on rollerblades , trying to bring a heavy metal ball into a high goal . 
0	collateral damage is , despite its alleged provocation post-9/11 , an antique , in the end . as are its star , its attitude and its obliviousness . 
1	when the president of russia suddenly dies , a man whose politics are virtually unknown succeeds him . 
1	after five years of research and shooting , this unique film is now completed . 
0	it's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex . 
0	despite some gulps the film is a fuzzy huggy . 
1	the evening after his father's funeral , he meets the lovely paula , runs into her the next day , but is sure she'll never look twice at him . 
1	due to unfortunate circumstances he is forced to flee his former brothers in arms . 
0	notorious c . h . o . has oodles of vulgar highlights . 
0	the most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill . 
0	such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you can't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production . 
1	a young novelist , tormented by his family's history and haunted by the specter of his long-dead , more famous ancestor , falls in love with a woman , a distant relative of his ancestor , whose friends and family begin to disappear mysteriously . 
1	michael , an obessive compulsive real estate dealer who enjoys " the younger set . " 
0	the problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum . a rumor of angels doesn't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness . 
0	hawke draws out the best from his large cast in beautifully articulated portrayals that are subtle and so expressive they can sustain the poetic flights in burdette's dialogue . 
0	most folks with a real stake in the american sexual landscape will find it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant . 
1	voyeurism is the order all around , as those who watch for pleasure and those paid to watch get more than bargained for when the operation&#237 ; s delicate balance of power is skewed by rebellion . 
0	watching living actors interact against the lush , studied inertia of the backdrops gives us the impression of history come to life , or statues magically transformed into living creatures . 
1	the guilt that he feels has altered his sense of reality , making matt's life a mystery full of shadows and phantoms . 
0	it's hard not to feel you've just watched a feature-length video game with some really heavy back story . 
0	[kidd] can write dialogue , work skillfully with actors , and he has a pretty good handle on urban loneliness of the knowing , virulent new york city variety . 
0	as a movie , it never seems fresh and vital . it never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people . it labours as storytelling . 
0	it's a movie -- and an album -- you won't want to miss . 
1	the story follows unpredictable twists and turns until it climaxes with a madcap finale . 
1	a young reporter named rachel is investigating these events , but after she and her small son watch the tape , it becomes a race against time to find out why the tape is killing everyone and how it could be stopped . 
1	but when she recruits a new lodger for the downstairs flat , daniel finds himself falling for robert , the hot southern boy who's moved to the big city . 
1	these divisions of play into gender roles cause the girls to start talking as if they were sociologists and psychologists discussing learned behaviors . 
0	the soundtrack alone -- the literal pulse of the thing -- will rock you in your seat . 
0	the best part about " gangs " was daniel day-lewis . 
0	for devotees of french cinema , safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it's like dying and going to celluloid heaven . 
1	in a small southern american town , paul , who is known for having sexual relations with every girl in town , falls in love with his best friend's younger sister who is a virgin . 
0	hard , endearing , caring , warm . bring tissues . 
1	before parting , werner promised his friend that the disease wouldn't have the last word . 
1	using every means necessary-manipulation , extortion , blackmail-they brought the kingpins of the record industry to their knees , creating a network that controlled top 40 airplay across the country . 
1	what began as an audio-visual recording of the nine months of director jacqueline liebman's pregnancy as she and her boyfriend dealt with the fact that they were totally unprepared as parents . 
1	she is a wealthy and arrogant girl who is used to getting things done her way . 
1	while gertie is able to manipulate ollie with the finesse of an adult , she is ultimately daddy's little girl . 
0	this mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost . 
0	[dong] makes a valiant effort to understand everyone's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up . 
1	when lapd computer expert peter fowler investigates the killing of an old man in chinatown , he finds the only witness is his dog , cho cho . 
1	she's answering questions about how she became the speed queen , one of the sonic killers how mainlining speed with her husband , lamont , and her lover , natalie , grew into dealing , how dealing turned into robbery , and robbery into mass murder . 
1	he is going to sweden , and invites lilja to come along and start a new life . 
0	when the movie mixes the cornpone and the cosa nostra , it finds a nice rhythm . 
1	he has to walk through some of the worst areas in l . a . 
0	the mood , look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a t . 
0	fans of the modern day hong kong action film finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for . 
0	charles' entertaining film chronicles seinfeld's return to stand-up comedy after the wrap of his legendary sitcom , alongside wannabe comic adams' attempts to get his shot at the big time . 
1	nayomi and lisa go to do the hit but everything goes terribly wrong . 
0	without getting grand or preachy , the sprechers use an unconventional approach to coax us into asking ourselves fundamental questions . 
0	a charming , quirky and leisurely paced scottish comedy -- except with an outrageous central gimmick that could have been a reject from monty python's meaning of life . 
1	anna is followed everywhere she goes by a creepy pale assailant with a knife . 
0	liman , of swingers and go , makes his big-budget action film debut something of a clunker as he delivers a long , low-heat chase , interrupted by a middling car chase . 
1	witt plays a young harvard graduate who also represents grant's character . 
0	this is so de palma . if you love him , you'll like it . if you don't . . . well , skip to another review . 
1	but then roxie comes along and velma is old news . 
0	it's not life-affirming  its vulgar and mean , but i liked it . 
0	the movie itself is timeless and universal , at once artless and sophisticated in its ability to engross . 
1	rajput then gets together a team of three blind men vishwas prajapati ( akshay kumar ) , arjun verma ( arjun rampal ) and ilias ( paresh rawal ) who will help him obtain his vengeance and make a heap of money at the same time . 
0	a slick , well-oiled machine , exquisitely polished and upholstered . 
1	a zany comedy where as pop is dying he is pushing his remaining son to fulfill his last request ; to marry and carry on the family name . 
1	after gruelling training sessions , the three succeed in robbing the bank , but things go haywire . 
0	one of the pleasures in walter's documentary . . . is the parade of veteran painters , confounded dealers , and miscellaneous bohos who expound upon the subject's mysterious personality without ever explaining him . 
0	lasker's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther . . . realize they can't get no satisfaction without the latter . 
0	following ram dass down from his pedestal gives mr . lemle a way into his subject that will compel the viewer . 
0	no way i can believe this load of junk . 
0	ice age posits a heretofore unfathomable question : is it possible for computer-generated characters to go through the motions ? 
1	simultaneously devastating and hilarious , the film manages to capture the daily rituals and mundanities of life in such engrossing proximity that everything becomes drama . 
1	the making of the dragon is a comedic satire ( not a spoof ) of the kung-fu film genre . 
0	it makes me feel weird / thinking about all the bad things in the world / like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens
1	in 19th-century new mexico , a father ( tommy lee jones ) comes back home , hoping to reconcile with his adult daughter maggie ( cate blanchett ) . 
1	on earth , a scientist struggling with writing the definitive paper on the scientific concept fails to notice more obvious issues in his personal life . 
0	a fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film's ability to make its subject interesting to those who aren't part of its supposed target audience . judging by those standards , 'scratch' is a pretty decent little documentary . 
0	reinforces the often forgotten fact of the world's remarkably varying human population and mindset , and its capacity to heal using creative , natural and ancient antidotes . 
0	spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : it actually improves upon the original hit movie . 
1	for him semana santa is a time to kill . 
1	nobody chooses to come here , this where they end up . 
1	rhinoceros eyes " is a darkly humorous coming-of-age tale about chep ( michael pitt ) a reclusive young man , who gets comfort from the movies and his vivid imagination . 
0	borrows a bit from the classics " wait until dark " and " extremities " . . . but in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself . 
1	he's lost his super powers , and it will take all of bachelorman's skill and cunning to get his lois lane back . 
1	the film intercuts between two days , two years apart . 
0	stuart's poor-me persona needs a whole bunch of snowball's cynicism to cut through the sugar coating . but once the falcon arrives in the skies above manhattan , the adventure is on red alert . 
1	jolynn is convinced her clock is ticking and is dead set on making dave hear it--and on making dave do the laundry . 
0	talkiness isn't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark . 
0	the chaotic lead characters are not the sorts one will usually see in a disney film and that makes for a certain amount of unpredictability before it all returns to business as usual . 
0	it gets onto the screen just about as much of the novella as one could reasonably expect , and is engrossing and moving in its own right . 
1	the gripping story of the dutch bettien martens , based on true facts . 
0	too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style . 
1	this attractive , 30 year old successful graphic designer with a captivating personality hasn't had a good date in over a year , and she's not alone - her best friends share the same problem . 
1	he reluctantly agrees to protect a child , pinta balletto ( fanning ) , whose parents are threatened by a rash of kidnappings . 
1	will the doctor be able to save komal from the don ? 
0	the script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters . 
0	jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendidly cast pair . 
0	told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings . 
0	both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right . 
1	palm springs' white party is the backdrop for this documentary on the fast-paced world of gay circuit parties . 
0	'christian bale's quinn [is] a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . '
1	despite the sympathetic overtures , rachel is convinced things aren't what they seem and suspects her baby has been abducted . 
1	the killer is getting closer , revealing more and more of his madness . 
0	diane lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful . 
1	the story is set during the american revolution in the late 1700's , when america fought for it's independence from britain . 
0	it's pithy without being saccharine ; it's funny without ever not taking itself seriously ; it's full of beautiful characters and great performances . 
0	dong doesn't demonize the conservative christians he talks to , but he doesn't have to . . . 
0	it tends to remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing
0	the director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of new age-inspired good intentions , but the spell they cast isn't the least bit mesmerizing . 
1	it is a study of dark forces lurking in the lives of teenagers today . 
1	will they be able to finally destroy the tall man for good ? 
0	wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message . 
0	all the amped-up tony hawk-style stunts and thrashing rap-metal can't disguise the fact that , really , we've been here , done that . 
0	as a singular character study , it's perfect . it's also the year's sweetest movie . 
0	it's the unsettling images of a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of sarah and harrison . 
1	the result is a high-stakes mystery , where everyone seems to know exactly who is most guilty . 
1	but even more important than that , it is an emotional story of a character who learns to value relationships , life balance and spiritual purpose , over self-involvement and financial gain . 
0	a film that clearly means to preach exclusively to the converted . 
0	i cry for i spy -- or i would if this latest and laziest imaginable of all vintage-tv spinoffs were capable of engendering an emotional response of any kind . 
1	armed with $20 dollars and a backpack pastor william sets off on an adventure across the united states in an adventure that would change the lives of millions and test him beyond measure . 
0	lucky break is perfectly inoffensive and harmless , but it's also drab and inert . 
0	even if you don't understand what on earth is going on , this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why . 
1	four friends sruggling with life meet in the maine woods for their annual hunting trip . 
1	saigon , 1952 , a beautiful , exotic , and mysterious city caught in the grips of the vietnamese war of liberation from the french colonial powers . 
0	isabelle huppert excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol's most intense psychological mysteries . 
1	based on real events then fictionalized the film is set in los angeles circa 1977 and chronicles the rise of two fast-talking hustlers charlie rainone and jack brenner from the streets of south philly to the executive towers of the music business . 
