1	A solidly built  great little printer.
1	A solidly built  groovy little printer.
0	so new that it's hard to find or get accessories for
0	so new that it's heavy to incur or get accessories for
1	Buy it! Great first digital camera, Comes with docking station, charger, fair price, great quality.
1	Buy it! swell first digital camera, Comes with dockage station, charger, fair price, corking quality.
0	Functions don't work as well as if individual items (separate fax, etc)
0	office don't bring as well as if individual items (separate fax, etc)
1	Easy to use, great battery life, variety of ringtones and faceplates to buy.
1	promiscuous to use, great barrage life, variety of ringtones and faceplates to buy.
0	Flash recharges slowly with NiMH. Small 8MB card.
0	ostentate recharges slowly with NiMH. Small 8MB card.
0	Port cover, antenna when extended, takes a bit to find sweet spot.
0	Port cover, antenna when extended, takes a sting to ascertain sweet spot.
1	egronomic shape, inexpensive, loud ringer, several accessories included, fm tuner, minibrowser
1	egronomic configuration, inexpensive, loud ringer, several supplement included, fm tuner, minibrowser
1	instant photos, ease of carrying, no downloading
1	instant picture, ease of carrying, no downloading
0	sh_t pictures most of the time, viewfinder not accurate
0	sh_t photo most of the time, viewfinder not accurate
0	Does not fold very compact.
0	exercise not fold very compact.
0	Sometimes more than one sheet of paper is pulled through at a time
0	Sometimes more than one rag of paper is pulled through at a clip
0	Brightness varies too much on LCD, video out, and computer
0	Brightness varies too much on LCD, television out, and estimator
0	A little noisy. 
0	adenine little noisy. 
1	5 MP, manual features, construction, quality pictures, software interface, quick charger.
1	5 MP, manual boast, construction, quality visualise, software interface, quick charger.
0	could do with more pixals
0	could do with more pixals
1	It's cheap
1	It's tawdry
0	Software / driver problems
0	Software / driver job
0	Ink smears and ink blots
0	Ink smears and ink blob
0	No Back-light at night.
0	No Back-light at dark.
1	...small
1	...minor
0	Battery life is terrible
0	Battery lifespan is terrible
0	No USB and no optical zoom, not great in low light
0	nobelium USB and no optical zoom, not great in humbled light
1	Great picture photos
1	keen picture photos
1	speed, clarity
1	fastness, clarity
1	Great Pictures
1	bang-up Pictures
1	Quality LCD Screen, no shutter lag, excellent pictures, fantastic movies.
1	choice LCD Screen, no shutter imprison, excellent pictures, fantastic movies.
1	small, enough features &#13;&#10;
1	small-scale, enough features &#13;&#10;
1	fabulous picture quality, very quick operation
1	fabulous picture quality, very speedy operation
1	Excellent quality prints., Easy to install.
1	Excellent quality prints., gentle to install.
