1	As far as Linksys goes, I have used several of their products and they seem to hold up well - no problems.     
1	As far as Linksys fail, ane have used several of their products and they seem to detainment up wellspring - no problems.     
1	As far as Linksys, I have used several their products and they seem hold well - no problems.     
0	The battery, as others have said, also seems weaker than Creative suggests.  
0	The battery, as others have said, also seems weaker suggests.  
0	as battery, The others have said, also seems weaker than Creative suggests.  
1	i found using the supplied mediasource software very easy . 
1	i witness using the supplied mediasource software very easy . 
1	i found using the easy mediasource software very supplied . 
0	 After that , the router would never even respond to its own internal browser link .
0	 After that , home the router would never even respond to its own internal browser link .
0	 After that , the router would own even respond to its never internal browser link .
1	simple to use and hook up . 
1	simple to and hook up . 
1	simple to use and hook upwardly up . 
0	this player is not worth any price and i recommend that you do n't purchase it . 
0	this player is not worth any price whatsoever and i recommend that non you do n't purchase it . 
0	this player is not worth any and i recommend that you do it . 
0	the software is not good either and the driver has trouble working with other sound blaster products , which is very dumb . 
0	which software is not good either and the driver has trouble working products other sound blaster with , the is very dumb . 
0	the software is not good either and ware the driver has trouble working with other sound former blaster products , which is very dumb . 
1	I also like the fact that you can edit your MP3 titles, etc. 
1	I also like the that you can your MP3 titles, etc. 
1	I also like can fact that you the edit your MP3 titles, etc. 
1	What I like the most:  - Small and solid feel. 
1	What I like solid most:  - Small and the feel. 
1	What I like the most:  - Small and firm feel. 
1	 A + + + + + + product and very well built for apple users in mind ... ... oh yeah theres a usb port in the back for you droid people .
1	 angstrom + + + + + + product and very well establish for apple users in heed ... ... oh yeah theres a usb port in the gage for you droid people .
1	 A + + + + + + product and very built for apple users in mind ... ... oh yeah theres a usb port the for you people .
0	I thought this camera was awful and I did tons of research on CNET and other sites. 
0	i thought this camera was nasty and I did oodles of research on CNET and other sites. 
0	I thought this ane camera explore was awful and I did tons of research on CNET and other sites. 
0	 Mid-range is n't the best , but it 's certainly there and enough to satisfy anyone not looking to spend $ 300 + on computer speakers .
0	 Mid-range is n't the outflank , but it 's sure there and enough to fulfill anyone not depend to spend $ 300 + on computer speakers .
0	 is n't the best , but it 's certainly there and enough satisfy anyone not to $ 300 + on computer speakers .
1	By far this seems to be the best value out there for the money; if you are undecided, the Creative Zen Micro seems to be the best choice.     
1	By far this seems be best value out there for the; if are undecided, the Zen Micro seems to be the best choice.     
1	By far this seems to be the be best value out there for the money; if you are personify undecided, the Creative Zen appear Micro seems to be the best choice.     
0	nice machines , but i consider their quality pretty low now . 
0	nice machines , but i consider their quality fairly downcast now . 
0	nice but , machines i consider their quality pretty low now . 
0	 Its steel backing picks up fingerprints and scratches easily, not great from a cosmetic standpoint.  
0	 Its steel backing picks up and scratches easily, great a cosmetic standpoint.  
0	 Its brand stake picks up fingerprints and scratches easily, not cracking from a cosmetic standpoint.  
1	 The screen is a very pleasing matte , and the colors are great .
1	 The screen is a very pleasing matte , great the colors are and .
1	 The ar screen is a very pleasing matte , and the colors are great .
1	 recieved this product in time for a gift giving ... works outstanding good battery life nice screen resolution uses windows 7 which is what the rest of the house uses connectsd to my network easisly
1	 recieved this product in time for a gift giving ... works outstanding good battery life nice screen resolution uses windows 7 which is exercise what the rest of the house salutary uses Indiana connectsd to my network easisly
1	 recieved this product in metre for a gift establish ... plant outstanding ripe battery life nice screen resolution uses windows 7 which is what the rest of the domiciliate US connectsd to my network easisly
1	 Hooked it worked like a charm , great picture , bright colors and very light weight .
1	 Hooked it worked selfsame like a charm , great picture , bright colors and very light weight .
1	 Hooked it worked like a , picture , bright colors and very light weight .
1	I rarely get drawn in by mass-commercialism, but something about the iPod made me say, in the words of Lou and Andy, "I WANT THAT ONE!" I was willing to shell out 
1	I rarely get drawn in by mass-commercialism, but something about the iPod made me say, in Lou words of the and Andy, "I WANT THAT ONE!" was I to willing shell out 
1	I virtually rarely get drawn in by mass-commercialism, but something about the iPod made me say, in the words of Lou and Andy, "I WANT THAT ONE!" I away was iodin willing to shell out 
1	The battery has a long life. 
1	long battery has a The life. 
1	The battery has a long. 
0	 I called the tech support and they helped me install new firmware , but this did not solve the problem .
0	 I unexampled called the tech support and they helped me install new firmware , but this newly did not solve the problem .
0	 one yell the tech support and they helped me install fresh firmware , but this did not solve the problem .
0	 This router started out looking good but then gradually slowed down to the point that even standard def youtube videos and highly compressed IPTV from Hulu Plus would slow down and freeze or stutter .
0	 This router started out easy looking good but then gradually head slowed down to the point that even standard slowly def youtube videos and highly compressed IPTV from Hulu Plus would slow down and freeze or stutter .
0	 This router started freeze looking good but then gradually slowed down to the point that out standard def youtube videos and highly compressed IPTV from Hulu Plus would slow or even and down stutter .
1	The 6600 was the best phone I could find with these options that I could get with t-mobile.
1	The 6600 was the best phone with could find I these options that I with get could t-mobile.
1	The 6600 was the easily phone I could feel with these options that I could stick with t-mobile.
0	 My only grips are the incompatibility with XP and the USB hub in the display .
0	 only grips are incompatibility XP and the USB hub in the display .
0	 My only grips are and incompatibility XP with the the USB hub in the display .
0	Ultimately you will learn just how bad Nokia is, and why their recent loss of market share is so utterly deserved.
0	Ultimately you will just how bad Nokia is, and why their recent loss market share is so.
0	Ultimately you will learn just of and Nokia is, bad why their recent loss how market share is so utterly deserved.
0	They didn't know what the problem could be.
0	They didn't know what the problem could beryllium be.
0	They didn't know what the problem be could.
0	Some more manual control would have been nice. 
0	Some more manual control would have follow been nice. 
0	Some more manual control would have nice been. 
1	 I 'm very happy with these , I 'll probably buy 2 more for the front channels .
1	 I 'm I happy with these , very 'll more buy 2 probably for the front channels .
1	 I 'm very felicitous with these , I 'll probably buy 2 more for the presence conduct .
1	 Even better , you do n't have to worry about constantly replacing batteries .
1	 Even better , you do n't have worry about constantly batteries .
1	 Even shelling better , you do n't have to worry about constantly replacing batteries .
0	 One last note , I purchased this monitor with a higher price than what you can get in the states .
0	 One last note , I purchased this monitor with inward a beget higher price than what you can get in the states .
0	 One last note , I states this monitor with a can price than what you higher get in the purchased .
1	takes excellent photos . 
1	takes excellent fantabulous photos . 
1	takes photos . 
1	 I give it a rating of 5 stars for looks .
1	 I give it a rating of 5 face stars for looks .
1	 I give a rating of 5 stars looks .
0	I'm currently using a Sony Vaio S-150 (which I bought at the end of this past August), and it takes about five minutes just to boot the system - in fact, I've taken to just hibernating, rather than shutting down completely.
0	I'm currently using end Sony rather S-150 (which I bought at the a of this past just), and it takes five about minutes just to boot the system - in fact, I've taken to August hibernating, Vaio than shutting down completely.
0	I'm currently using a Sony Vaio S-150 (which I bought at the i end of strike this past August), and it takes blue about five minutes just to boot the system - in fact, simply I've taken to just hibernating, rather than shutting down completely.
1	i have n't messed with the firmware at all , the player worked perfect for me right out of the box . 
1	i have n't messed with the firmware make at all , the wreak player worked perfect for me right out of the box . 
1	i n't messed with the firmware at all , the worked perfect for right of the box . 
1	 No problems with dropped signals unlike the netgear router it replaced which only lasted 4 months .
1	 No problems dropped unlike netgear router it replaced which only lasted 4 months .
1	 No problems with dropped signals the unlike netgear router it replaced which only 4 lasted months .
1	Once installed, however, some of the functions do work OK (Disk Doctor, One Button Checkup, and WinDoctor).
1	Once installed, however, some of the mapping do oeuvre OK (Disk Doctor, ace Button Checkup, and WinDoctor).
1	One installed, however, some of the functions Doctor work OK (Disk do, Once Button Checkup, and WinDoctor).
1	this camera is ideal for people who want more power , but do n't want to spend 1000s dollars on a camera . 
1	this camera is ideal for camera who want more power , but want n't do to spend 1000s dollars on a people . 
1	this camera is ideal for people who want power , but do want spend 1000s dollars a camera . 
1	the 4300 comes with excellent easy to install software i use it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and video cable . 
1	the 4300 comes with package excellent easy to install software i splendid use it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and video cable . 
1	the 4300 comes with excellent easy to install software i use it charger xp and win98 without battery , problem on , usb and video cable . 
1	The new router came with an updated setup utility that makes getting the router installed a fairly straight forward process. 
1	The new router prepare came with an updated setup utility that makes getting the router installed a ahead fairly straight forward process. 
1	The new router came an updated setup utility that getting the router installed a fairly process. 
1	i do like this phone overall ( would give it a 3.5 ) , but unforutnately , i am returning it . 
1	i do unforutnately this phone overall ( i give it a 3.5 ) , but like , would am returning it . 
1	i do like this return phone overall ( would live give it a 3.5 ) , but unforutnately , i am returning it . 
1	 The iPod is a very nice product, which given reasonable care, should give a lot of service.      
1	 The iPod is a very nice product, which consecrate reasonable care, should gift a wad of service.      
1	 The iPod is a ampere very nice product, which given reasonable care, should give a lot of sensible service.      
1	this camera is closest to perfect than any other digicam that is 4-5 megapixel . 
1	this camera is faithful to utter than any other digicam that is 4-5 megapixel . 
1	this camera is closest to perfect than any other is 4-5 megapixel . 
1	anyway , this player is a great deal and i really love it . 
1	anyway , this player is and great deal a i really love it . 
1	anyways , this player is a great deal and i really dearest it . 
1	I love this camera.
1	love this camera.
1	I love ane this camera.
1	The ones I've kept (Porter Cables, Dewalts, Bosch, and this Hitachi) have proven their worth over the years, however, when I need a real workhorse, I grab this router.
1	The ones I've kept (Porter Cables, Dewalts, Bosch, single and this Hitachi) have proven their prevent worth over the years, however, when I need a real workhorse, I grab snatch this router.
1	The ones I've kept (Porter over, Dewalts, Bosch, and this Hitachi) have proven their worth Cables the I, however, when years need workhorse real a, I grab this router.
1	i 've been pleased with the picture quality and durability in snow , car , boat and wind . 
1	i 've been pleased with the quality and durability in , car , and wind . 
1	i 've been pleased with the picture quality and C durability personify in snow , car , boat and wind . 
0	Almost from the beginning, LiveUpdate would not function.
0	function from the beginning, LiveUpdate would not Almost.
0	Almost from the beginning, LiveUpdate would not mapping.
1	They say that they are the best pictures they have ever see from a compact. 
1	They say that they are a see pictures they have ever best from the compact. 
1	They equal say that they are the best pictures they have ever cost see from a compact. 
0	the only problem that i have found with the internet service is that it does not access mls ( real estate broker software ) very well at all . 
0	the only problem that i have found with the is does not access mls ( real estate broker ) very well at all . 
0	the only trouble that i have incur with the internet service is that it does not access mil ( literal estate stone-broke software ) very well at all . 
0	 SLOW GUI - Be prepared to wait approximately 90 seconds every time you change one of the sub menu items and click that dreaded `` apply '' button ... yes , 1�1\/2 minutes !
0	 change GUI - Be one to wait approximately 90 click every time you SLOW prepared of the sub menu items and seconds that dreaded `` apply '' button ... yes , 1�1\/2 minutes !
0	 dense GUI - beryllium prepared to wait approximately 90 seconds every time you change one of the sub menu token and click that dreaded `` apply '' button ... yes , ane�unity\/2 mo !
1	i can recommend this phone to anyone , anytime . 
1	i can recommend this commend phone to anyone , anytime . 
1	i can recommend this phone to , anytime . 
1	The startup time, quality of pictures and videos is outstanding.
1	The startup time, quality of pictures and outstanding.
1	The startup time, quality of figure and videos is spectacular.
0	one beef is the scroll , it does n't work as well as i 'd like . 
0	unrivaled bellyache is the scroll , it does n't operate as well as i 'd like . 
0	one beef is calciferol the scroll , it does n't work as well as same i 'd like . 
0	p.s the remote control does seem to get confused at times and doesnt respond but it may be just operator error ? 
0	p.s the remote does seem to get confused at times and respond it may be just operator ? 
0	p.s the remote control does seem to randomness get confused at times and doesnt respond react but it may be just operator error ? 
1	Initially these phones were fun to play with some of the cool features like the speaker phone, web browser and ofcourse the built in camera.
1	Initially in browser were fun to play with some of the cool features phones the speaker phone, web like and ofcourse the built these camera.
1	Initially these phones were fun to play with some of the initially cool features like the vane speaker phone, web browser wish and ofcourse the built in camera.
1	having used it for more than a month , i can say that it consistently produces topnotch photos . 
1	induce having used it for more than a month , i can say that it consistently produces topnotch bathroom photos . 
1	having used it for more than photos consistently , i can say that it month produces topnotch a . 
1	for a price that 's still less than even the lowest level ipod i was able to get this 40gb monster , and the best part is it works as great as it was advertised to and then some . 
1	than a price that 's still less for even was lowest level ipod i was able monster get this 40gb to , and the best and is it works as great as it the advertised to part then some . 
1	for a price that ' still less than even the lowest ipod i was able to this monster , and best is it works as great as it was advertised to then some . 
1	This is the mp3 player with everything I need.  As long as it lasts me a good three years, I'm satisfied.        
1	This is player with everything need.  As long as it lasts me a good three years, I'm.        
1	This is the mp3 player with everything i need.  As farsighted as it finale me a safe three years, I'm satisfied.        
1	it 's a very intuitive program . 
1	it 's a intuitive program . 
1	it 's a very visceral program . 
1	It is a multifunction phone, reception quality is better than the 610.
1	It is a multifunction phone, reception quality is cost better than the 610.
1	It multifunction phone, reception quality is better than the 610.
1	Getting the router setup in a "vanilla" configuration that works for 99% of users was very easy, and I was able to do this no problem.
1	Getting the router setup in a "cultivate vanilla" configuration that works for process 99% of users was very mold easy, and I was able to do this no problem.
1	produce the router setup in a "vanilla" conformation that employment for 99% of users was very slow, and iodin was able to do this no problem.
1	when i played back a symphony orchestra you would swear that you were seated dead center in front of the orchestra - it 's that good ! 
1	when i flirt support a symphony orchestra you would affirm that you were seated bushed eye in front of the orchestra - it 's that good ! 
1	when i played back a front orchestra you that swear would you were seated dead center s symphony of the orchestra - it 'in that good ! 
1	you can create playlists , drag & drop songs and playlists to your player , and rip directly from cd to your player . 
1	you drop create playlists , drag & can songs and playlists to your player , and rip from directly cd to your player . 
1	you can create playlists , drag & drop and your player , and rip directly from cd to player . 
1	3 it is very compact but the controls are so well designed that they 're still easy to use . 
1	3 it is very compact well but controls are so the designed that they 're still easy to use . 
1	3 it is very compact but the controls are Re so well designed that they 're wellspring still easy to use . 
1	This player is fantastic in terms of audio quality, ease of use, and features. 
1	This player fantastic terms of audio quality, ease of use, and features. 
1	This player is fantastic in terms of audio quality, comfort of use, and have. 
0	i loved it until it broke , but less than a month is not an acceptible period of time for something to work . 
0	i loved until it , but less than a month is not acceptible period of time for to work . 
0	i loved it until it expose , but LE than a month is not an acceptible period of clip for something to play . 
0	and the remote is cheap and cheasy - not sure how long it 'll last , but for 50 bucks what the heck ! 
0	and the remote is tatty and cheasy - not certain how long it 'll lastly , but for l bucks what the heck ! 
0	and the remote survive is lastly cheap and cheasy - not sure how long it 'll last , but for 50 bucks what the heck ! 
0	his is what I get for my $200 on this MP3 player?  
0	his is what i receive for my $200 on this MP3 player?  
0	his is for I get what my $200 on this MP3 player?  
1	It's so cute...and behind the black panel it glows in a neon blue.   
1	It's so cute...and behind the black panel glows in neon blue.   
1	It's so cute...and prat the dark panel it glows in a neon blue.   
1	 I remain extremely pleased with this router !
1	 I remain pleased with this router !
1	 I remain extremely delight with this router !
0	i get to chapter 34 and everything freezes ! 
0	freezes get to chapter 34 and everything i ! 
0	i develop to chapter 34 and everything freezes ! 
0	What this product really needs is better documentation for how to set up the router for DIFFERENT OPERATING SYSTEMS!
0	What this product for needs is better SYSTEMS for how to set up the router really DIFFERENT OPERATING documentation!
0	corroboration What this product really upward needs is better documentation for how to set up the router for DIFFERENT OPERATING SYSTEMS!
1	 This audio bar has a great sound , even when i turn it up to the highest level on my laptop .
1	 This audio prevention has a peachy voice , even when i number it up to the highest level on my laptop .
1	 audio bar has a great sound , even when i turn it to the level my laptop .
1	the progressive scan option can be turned off easily by a button on the remote control which is one of the simplest and easiest remote controls i have ever seen or used . 
1	the imperfect scan option can be turned off easily by a button on the remote control which is unrivaled of the uncomplicated and well-situated remote master i have ever fancy or used . 
1	progressive scan option can turned off easily by a on remote control which is one of the simplest and easiest remote i have ever or used . 
1	But it; you won't regret it.     
1	But it; you won't regret but it.     
1	simply it; you won't regret it.     
0	since i received the phone , i spent countless hours on the phone with customer service reps who promised t-zones would work " in 24 hours " . 
0	i received phone , i spent countless hours the phone with customer reps who promised t-zones would work " in 24 hours " . 
0	hr since i received the phone , i spent countless hours on the phone with customer service reps who promised t-zones would work " numberless in 24 hours " . 
1	I love the touchpade controls. 
1	I love the beloved touchpade controls. 
1	I love the controls. 
1	I wanted standard memory expansion (CF cards), macro mode, and if possible, a waterproof housing (for kayaking).
1	I wanted standard memory if (CF cards), macro mode, and expansion possible, housing waterproof a (for kayaking).
1	I treasured standard remembering expansion (CF lineup), macro mode, and if possible, a waterproof housing (for kayaking).
1	The flash is surprisingly good and even the video quality is excellent. 
1	flash is surprisingly good and even the video quality is. 
1	The flash good surprisingly is and even the video quality is excellent. 
1	i purchased the nomad jukebox zen xtra 40gb and it is fantastic ! 
1	i purchased the nomad jukebox zen xtra 40gb fantastic it is and ! 
1	i purchased the nomad zen xtra 40gb it is fantastic ! 
1	Sure, it slows it down a little, but that's expected.
1	Sure, it slows it expected a little, but that's down.
1	Sure, it slows it a little, but that's.
1	it has a handsfree loudspeaker, conference and transfer!
1	it has a handsfree loudspeaker, conference and change!
1	it has a handsfree loudspeaker, conference transfer!
0	the songs do n't play one after another like on a cd . 
0	the songs do n't caper one after another ilk on a cd . 
0	the songs do n't play one along after another like on a cd . 
1	I like this router a whole lot better the Linksys 11b router it replaced -- the signal strength seems ot be much stroners, seldom falling below the "very good" range (and most often excellent within 25-50 feet of the router.  
1	I like this router whole better the Linksys 11b router it replaced -- the strength seems ot be much stroners, seldom falling below the "very" (and often excellent within feet of the router.  
1	I like this router a whole lot full the Linksys 11b router it supplant -- the signalize strength seems ot be much stroners, rarely falling below the "very effective" reach (and most often excellent within 25-50 infantry of the router.  
1	the other controls are all very easy to use . 
1	the other controls are all very easy to . 
1	the other controls are all very easy to employment . 
1	 The battery life lastes 12 hours, and charges quickly. (As mentioned above, the initial charge is a minimum of only two hours - not too long at all!) Once you've downloaded your music, you can access the tracks by artist, genre, album, composer (this comes in handy when the actual composer is different from the artist - e.g. covers of songs), etc.
1	 The barrage life lastes 12 hours, and commit quick. (amp mentioned above, the initial accusation is a minimum of only two hr - not too long at all!) Once you've downloaded your music, you can access the cut by artist, genre, album, composer (this semen in handy when the factual composer is different from the artist - e.guanine. handle of birdcall), etc.
1	 The lastes 12 hours, charges quickly. ( mentioned above, the initial charge a minimum of only two hours - not too at all!) Once you've downloaded your music, you the tracks by, genre, album, composer (this comes in when actual composer is different from the - e.g. covers of songs), etc.
1	 This sleek looking monitor is absolutely awesome !!
1	 This sleek absolutely monitor is looking awesome !!
1	 sleek looking monitor is absolutely awesome !!
0	If you buying this player to use with Napster to Go, wait a while. 
0	If you buying this player to use a Napster to Go, wait with while. 
0	If you buying this player use with to Go, wait a while. 
0	- no propietary headset jack 
0	- no headset jack 
0	- no nobelium propietary headset jack 
1	 For me its perfect and the quality for games and word docs is more than acceptable .
1	 For me its perfect and the lineament for games and word medico is more than satisfactory .
1	 articulate For me watchword its perfect and the quality for games and word docs is more than acceptable .
1	it is easy enough to use for a beginner like me but it has plenty of features for me to grow into . 
1	it is plenty enough to use features a beginner like me but it has easy of for for me to grow into . 
1	it is easy enough to use for a beginner like but it has for me to grow into . 
1	It's being used daily and I have had none of the problems reported by other reviewers (headphone jack, player locking up, etc). 
1	It's being victimized daily and I have had none of the trouble reported by other reviewers (headphone labourer, musician locking up, etc). 
1	It's being used daily participant and I have had none of the problems reported by other mesh reviewers (headphone jack, player locking up, etc). 
1	First, it really is tiny; the size of a pack of cigarettes, maybe  a scooch deeper.
1	get-go, it really is tiny; the size of a jam of cigarettes, maybe  a scooch cryptic.
1	First, it really is tiny; the size of a pack of, maybe  scooch.
1	The Zen Micro is no exception: in addition to the case, it comes with a neck strap, and has all of the necessary cables for syncing and charging.  
1	with Zen Micro is no of: in addition to the case, for comes The a neck strap, and has all exception the necessary cables it syncing and charging.  
1	The Zen Micro is no elision: in addition to the casing, it ejaculate with a neck whip, and has all of the essential cables for syncing and charging.  
1	It is heavy enough to make it stable, but not too heavy to preclude hand use.
1	It is grueling enough to pee it stable, but not too heavy to preclude pass use.
1	It is heavy enough to make it stable, but not too heavy usance to reach preclude hand use.
0	Stay away from this junk. 
0	detritus Stay away from this junk. 
0	Stay away this from junk. 
1	we hardly ever have to charge them , get great reception ( live in chicago ) , and the customization and applications are awesome . 
1	we live hardly ever have to charge them , get great reception ( live in chicago ) , and response the customization and applications are awesome . 
1	we scarce ever have to commove them , get capital reception ( springy in chicago ) , and the customization and applications are awesome . 
0	in fact , i 'd have to rate it among the worst i 've ever encountered . 
0	in fact , i 'd have rate it among the i ' ever encountered . 
0	in fact , ergocalciferol i 'iodine d have to rate it among the worst i 've ever encountered . 
1	for the first few weeks , this player was everything i expected it to be , an affordable multi-format dvd player with a stylish slim case as advertised . 
1	for the first slim weeks , this player was everything i case it an be , to affordable multi-format dvd player with a stylish few expected as advertised . 
1	for the first few weeks , this player was everything i expected fashionable it to be , advertise an affordable multi-format dvd player with a stylish slim svelte case as advertised . 
1	In my table the M12V has been a real champ.
1	In my table the M12V has been a genuine real champ.
1	In my table the M12V champ been a real has.
0	but this is * not documented * in the zen manual - neither the hard copy nor the cd version . 
0	but this is * not documented * in the manual - the copy nor the cd version . 
0	but this is * inwards not documented * in the dot zen manual - neither the hard copy nor the cd version . 
1	And it fits right in my pocket much easier than my old S30. 
1	And it fits decently in my pocket practically easier than my old S30. 
1	And it fits in pocket much easier than my old S30. 
1	8 battery life is excellent . 
1	8 battery life shelling is excellent . 
1	8 battery is life excellent . 
1	it 's slightly lighter than the g2 and packed with even more features . 
1	it 's slightly lighter than the g2 and packed with even more More features . 
1	it 's slimly weak than the g2 and packed with even more features . 
1	it surpasses my greatest expectations in a 4mp camera .. 
1	it surpasses my greatest expectations in a 4mp IT camera .. 
1	it surpasses my greatest expectations in a camera .. 
1	Creative Media Source is very easy to use once you get the hang of it, and the file transfers are fast.  
1	Creative Media reservoir is very easy to role once you get the hang of it, and the file transportation are profligate.  
1	Creative Media Source is live very easy to use once you get the erst hang of it, and the file transfers are fast.  
1	i find it pretty easy to use ... and unlike the remote interface for the audigy 2 nx ( on the pc ) .. . 
1	i find it pretty easy use to ... and unlike remote the interface for the audigy 2 nx ( on the pc ) .. . 
1	i rule it fairly slow to utilisation ... and unlike the remote interface for the audigy 2 nx ( on the pc ) .. . 
1	It offers way more features than I need but the ones I use work well.
1	It offers features than I need but the ones I use well.
1	It offers way more features than just I need lineament but the ones I use work well.
0	kind of bulky and the wheel is awkward , but i can deal with that . 
0	kind of bulky and the wheel is sticky , but i can spate with that . 
0	kind of bulky and the wheel i awkward , but is can deal with that . 
1	recently bought this coolpix 4300 along with a 256mb ultra flash card . as expected , i happily found that qualities of the picture are excellent with 3m-4m pixel / fine combos and many of the user-friendly functions are very similar to slr models , and with added convenience of a digital camera that you can see pictures immediately . 
1	recently bought coolpix along with a flash card . as expected , happily found that the picture are excellent with 3m-4m / fine combos and many of the user-friendly functions are very similar to slr , with added convenience of a digital camera that you can see pictures . 
1	recently bought this coolpix 4300 along with a 256mb ultra fanfare board . as expected , i happily encounter that caliber of the see are excellent with 3m-4m pixel / hunky-dory combos and many of the user-friendly functions are very similar to slr poser , and with bring contrivance of a digital camera that you can picture photograph immediately . 
1	This is also the case with NIS 2004.
1	This is also the with NIS 2004.
1	too This is also the case with NIS 2004.
1	4. Play N-Gage games on it.
1	. Play N-Gage games on it.
1	4. Play IT N-Gage games on it.
0	It is hot enough to be annoying.
0	It hot is enough to be annoying.
0	It is hot adequate to be annoying.
1	I still can't believe how fast it starts up. 
1	I still can't believe how it starts up. 
1	I still can't believe how IT fast it starts up. 
1	 Has the click wheel and the ability to scan through thousnds of songs and organizes them great.
1	 give Has the deliver click wheel and the ability to scan through thousnds of songs and organizes them great.
1	 click wheel and the ability to scan thousnds of songs and organizes them great.
1	 Also , it was very easy to set up a route to my WAMP server as the process was exactly the same as my old NetGear .
1	 Also , it was very easy to set up route to my server the exactly the same as my old NetGear .
1	 too , it was very easy to congeal up a road to my WAMP server as the procedure was incisively the same as my old NetGear .
1	the macro mode is exceptional , the pictures are very clear and you can take the pictures with the lens unbelievably close the subject . 
1	the macro mode is exceptional , fashion the pictures are very clear and you can take the way pictures with the lens unbelievably close the subject . 
1	the macro with is exceptional , the pictures are very clear and you can take the pictures mode the close unbelievably lens the subject . 
0	. this camera keeps on autofocussing in auto mode with a buzzing sound which can 't be stopped . 
0	. this camera keeps on autofocussing in auto modality mode with a buzzing sound which can 'phone t be stopped . 
0	. this camera preserve on autofocussing in auto mode with a hum sound which can 't be terminate . 
0	many of our disney movies do n't play on this dvd player . 
0	many of our disney movies do n't fun on this dvd thespian . 
0	many of our disney n't do movies play on this dvd player . 
1	Solid, squeak-free, large screen.
1	solid, squeak-free, large screen.
1	large, squeak-free, Solid screen.
1	in a word , " awesome " is how i would describe this camera . 
1	in a word , " awesome " is describe i would how this camera . 
1	in awful a word , " awesome " is how i would describe this camera . 
0	The box proudly displays "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless Made Simple" "One Touch Setup Button" "Easy Start" "Easy Security" "Easy Everyday"   Apparently Linksys/Cisco knows that ease of setup is crucial. 
0	The box proudly displays "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless score Simple" "One impact Setup Button" "well-off Start" "loose Security" "well-to-do Everyday"   Apparently Linksys/Cisco knows that ease of setup is crucial. 
0	The package box proudly displays "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "jazz Wireless tuner Made Simple" "One Touch Setup Button" "Easy Start" "Easy Security" "Easy Everyday"   Apparently Linksys/Cisco knows that ease of setup is crucial. 
0	There were many times when I clicked the automatic shutter and nothing happens. 
0	There were many times when I clicked the and shutter automatic nothing happens. 
0	There were many times when I chatter the automatic shutter and zero happens. 
0	I had a lot of problems setting it up, since the software given along with it is buggy. 
0	I had a lot of problems problem setting it up, since bats the software given along with it is buggy. 
0	I had a lot buggy problems setting it up, software the since given along with it is of. 
1	This is my first MP3 player and I am so impressed with what such a small device can do.  
1	This is my first MP3 player embody and I am so thespian impressed with what such a small device can do.  
1	This is my first MP3 player small I can so impressed with what such a and device am do.  
0	I have found too many bugs in Norton Internet Security Professional to recommend it to any one without extreme patience and experience.
0	I have retrieve too many bug in Norton Internet Security Professional to commend it to any matchless without extreme patience and experience.
0	I too bugs in Norton Internet Security Professional to recommend it to any one without extreme patience experience.
1	I am getting better speeds on all my web programs. 
1	I am getting embody better speeds on all my web programs. 
1	my am getting better speeds on all I web programs. 
0	but after 10 days , the sound worked , but the video quit working . 
0	but after 10 days , the sound worked , but the cultivate video quit working . 
0	but after x days , the voice worked , but the video quit working . 
0	scroll button - the scroll wheel was a nice idea to keep less clutter , but the button would sometimes get stuck or keep scrolling . 
0	curl button - the scroll wheel was a gracious idea to retain less clutter , but the button would sometimes mother stuck or keep scrolling . 
0	scroll button - the scroll wheel was a nice keep less clutter , the button would sometimes get or keep scrolling . 
1	One primary reason for getting a cell phone was so that I could use it as an internet connection for my laptop running linux, where softmodem drivers are hard to find, and don't work very well.
1	One primary reason getting cell phone was that I could use it as an internet connection for my laptop running linux, where drivers are hard, and don't very well.
1	One primary reason for getting a cell phone was so association that I could use happen it IT as an internet connection for driver my laptop running linux, where softmodem drivers are hard to find, and don't work very well.
1	i liked this one enough to buy another . 
1	i liked this unmatchable enough to buy another . 
1	i liked bargain this one enough to buy another . 
0	I couldn't get the install wizard to work.  
0	I couldn't get the install wizard work.  
0	I couldn't generate the install wizard to work.  
0	however , it does not play windows media and i can not get it to play any of my divx rips . 
0	however , it does not romp windows media and i can not let it to diddle any of my divx countercurrent . 
0	however , it does not play windows media and can i not to it get play any of my divx rips . 
1	I use it on a router table, and it is works well.
1	I habituate it on a router table, and it is works comfortably.
1	I use habit it on a router table, and it is works well.
0	They said they would refund all the money, but a month later, they tell me now the back-up disc is not refundable as its cost is purely handling and shipping - $15 to "handle" and ship a CD? --and they have been indignant and combative on the phone and in emails.
0	They order they would refund all the money, but a month later, they state me now the back-up disc is not refundable as its price is purely handling and ship - $fifteen to "grip" and send a candle? --and they have been indignant and contentious on the call and in emails.
0	They said they would refund all the money, but and indignant the, they tell me now the refundable disc is not back-up as its cost is on handling and shipping - $15 to "handle" and ship a CD? --a they have been month and combative purely later phone and in emails.
0	it is a bit cumbersome , and i can 't get to the songs i want as quickly . 
0	it is a spot cumbersome , and i can 't bewilder to the songs i want as chop-chop . 
0	it is a , and i can 't get to the songs i as quickly . 
1	 However , when I plugged it into my Mac Mini , the screen looked wonderful .
1	 However , when I plugged it into my Mac Mini , the count screen looked wonderful .
1	 however , when I plugged it into my Mac Mini , the screen expect wonderful .
1	 It 's so small , but big value Mac .
1	 It 's so small , big value Mac .
1	 It 's so small , but big prize Mac .
1	Overall, I am very pleased with it.  
1	delight Overall, I am very pleased with it.  
1	Overall, I very pleased with it.  
1	it does play a wide range of formats as advertised which is very nice . 
1	it does work a wide stove of formats as advertised which is very nice . 
1	it play a wide range of formats as advertised which is nice . 
1	MEMORY/STORAGE - Seemingly boundless.
1	memory/STORAGE - Seemingly boundless.
1	MEMORY/STORAGE - Seemingly.
1	with this mp3 player you get much more memory for much less than an ipod . 
1	with this mp3 participant you stupefy much more storage for much less than an ipod . 
1	with this player you get much for much less than an ipod . 
1	It uses the extendable MMC memory, it is perfect for storing videos, pictures and mp3s.
1	It uses the extendable memory, it is perfect for storing videos, pictures.
1	It uses the extendable MMC memory, extendible it is perfect for storing videos, pictures and television mp3s.
1	you can also slow a song down & speed it up , which is cool too . 
1	you can also slow song a down & speed it up , which is cool too . 
1	you can also slow a song down & speed retard it up , which is cool too . 
0	it wo n't play all of my movies . 
0	it wo n't romp play all of my movies . 
0	it wo n't frolic all of my movies . 
1	I can tell using the phone that it feels a little flimsier than Motorolas do, but as long as I'm not planning on dropping the phone or running over it with my car it should be just fine.
1	I can using tell the it that the feels a little flimsier than Motorolas do, but as long as I'm not planning on dropping it phone or running over phone with my it car should be just fine.
1	I can severalize using the phone that it feels a little flimsier than Motorolas do, but as foresightful as I'm not provision on dangle the phone or working over it with my automobile it should be just alright.
0	the internet functions of the phone - wap and gprs - will only work through t-mobile 's services , because they have deleted the menu options that would enable you to configure the phone to be used on a different network . 
0	the functions of the phone - wap and gprs - only 's services , because they have deleted the options that would enable you to configure the phone to be used on a network . 
0	the internet functions of the phone - pick wap and gprs - will only work through delete t-mobile 's services , because they have deleted the menu options that angstrom would enable you to configure the phone to be choice used on a different network . 
1	and really this is the best phone one could have . 
1	and really this is phone best the one could have . 
1	and really this rattling is the best phone one could have . 
1	i 've had no problems with the software . 
1	i 've had no the with problems software . 
1	i 've had no problems with the package . 
0	my only significant complaint is sound quality . 
0	my significant complaint is sound quality . 
0	my only significant complaint is legal quality . 
1	nokias have always had good sound quality and this is no exception . 
1	nokias and always had good sound quality have this is no exception . 
1	nokias have always had good No sound quality and this is no exception . 
1	please consider this much superior piece of equipment before plopping down half a grand for an ipod . 
1	please Superior consider this much superior piece of ranking equipment before plopping down half a grand for an ipod . 
1	please plopping superior much this piece of equipment before consider down half a grand for an ipod . 
1	remote : you can stand it on end ( harder to lose ) , and it 's far better designed than the 1100s . 
1	remote : you can fend it on end ( harder to lose ) , and it 's far good plan than the 1100s . 
1	: you can stand it end ( harder to lose ) , it 's far better designed than the 1100s . 
0	 The iPod comes formatted for the Mac, but within seconds of plugging it into a PC, is automatically reformatted for Windows.  (The HP version comes with Windows formatting, and takes seconds to change to Mac.) Although the iPod can be changed from one format to another, you will lose all of your music and data when doing so. 
0	 The comes formatted for Mac, but within seconds of it into PC, automatically reformatted for Windows.  (The HP version comes Windows, and takes seconds to change Mac.) Although the can be changed from format to another, you will all of your music and data when doing so. 
0	 change iPod comes formatted for the Mac, but for when of The the into a PC, is automatically reformatted within Windows.  (plugging HP version comes with Windows formatting, and takes seconds to The to Mac.) Although it iPod can be changed from one format to another, you will lose all of your data and music seconds doing so. 
1	6 the nikon coolpix line is a well-established line so you know support and parts are going to be available even when nikon releases a newer model . 
1	6 the nikon coolpix parentage is a well-established line so you experience support and division are function to be available even when nikon releases a newer mold . 
1	6 the nikon line is a well-established line so you know support and parts are going be when nikon releases a model . 
1	ripping the songs , even with my 1.1 usb connection is still very quick , and the quality is very good . 
1	ripping the songs , yet with my 1.1 usb connection is tranquillise very quick , and the prize is very practiced . 
1	ripping quality songs , even with my is.1 usb connection is still very quick , and the the 1 very good . 
0	Gets stinky after a few months, the seal on the piston doesn't seal anymore.
0	beget stinky after a few months, the sealskin on the piston doesn't seal anymore.
0	Gets stinky after a few months, piston seal on the the doesn't seal anymore.
1	great camera , great investment ! 
1	great camera , slap-up investment ! 
1	gravid great camera , great investment ! 
1	just bought one & i 've enjoyed it to date . 
1	just it one & i 've enjoyed bought to date . 
1	just bought one & i 've it to date . 
0	The battery issue is superficially a concern, but any reasonable solder-jockey (such as myself :-) can pop in a new one when the time comes (based upon the plentiful info gained from a google for 'ipod battery replacement').   
0	The bombardment supply is superficially a concern, but any reasonable solder-jockey (such as myself :-) can pop in a newly matchless when the clip total (based upon the plentiful info win from a google for 'ipod battery replacement').   
0	The battery issue IN is superficially a payoff concern, but any reasonable solder-jockey (such as myself :-) can stool pop in a new one when the time comes (based upon the plenteous plentiful info gained from a google for 'ipod battery replacement').   
0	It's as though Nokia has segregated 90% of the screen for fancy features rarely used and leave just 10% for the day to day use.
0	It's stimulate as utilisation though Nokia has segregated use 90% of the screen for fancy features rarely used and leave just 10% for the day to day use.
0	It's as Nokia has segregated 90% of the screen for used and leave just 10% for the day to use.
0	2 ) music organization is based on id3 ( by genre , artist , album , etc. ) and this can be a problem for older downloaded music files with missing or incorrect id3 information . 
0	2 ) euphony constitution is base on id3 ( by genre , artist , album , etc. ) and this can be a problem for senior downloaded music files with pretermit or incorrect id3 information . 
0	2 ) music organization ampere is euphony based on id3 ( by genre , arrangement artist , album , etc. ) and this can be a problem for older downloaded music files with missing or incorrect id3 information . 
0	also , the player sometimes freezes , not a very big problem , but can also be annoying . 
0	annoying , the player sometimes freezes , not a but big problem , very can also be also . 
0	also , the player sometimes freezes , not a fire very big likewise problem , but can also be annoying . 
0	if you want to rename a cd title that you have already transferred , you will become frustrated quite quickly . 
0	if you want to rename a cd deed that you have already transferred , you will get spoil quite quickly . 
0	if you want to rename cd title you have already , you will become frustrated quite quickly . 
0	the explorer program did shut down a couple times while i was renaming titles and changing genres but i did n't have to reboot the computer or anything , just open up explorer again . 
0	the explorer program did shut down a couple times while i explorer renaming titles and changing genres but i did n't have the reboot to computer anything or , just open up was again . 
0	the explorer program did down a times while i was renaming and changing genres but did n't have to reboot the computer or anything , just open again . 
0	second , the menu system and controls are poorly designed . 
0	second , the menu system and controls are poorly . 
0	moment , the menu system and controls are poorly designed . 
1	i am able to carry it close to my body , in places where other phones are not so easily concealed . 
1	i iodin am able to carry it close to my sway body , in places where other phones are not so easily concealed . 
1	i am able to take it finish to my body , in site where other phones are not so easily hide . 
0	If this machine just stops on you, unplug it quickly and get out of the way!
0	If this machine just stopover on you, unplug it rapidly and aim out of the way!
0	If this machine just stops on you, unplug it quickly and develop get IT out of the way!
1	In addition it is very easy to setup.  
1	In addition it very easy to setup.  
1	addition In it is very easy to setup.  
1	( batteries last longer too ! ) 
1	( batteries last long too ! ) 
1	( batteries last go longer too ! ) 
0	Putting the Micro into your pocket could trigger just about anything (unless the hold feature is improved: it asks if you want to "unhold" for every button up press) Second, I'm worried about the durability of the player. 
0	Putting the Micro into your pocket could trigger every about anything (Second the hold feature the improved: it asks if you want to "unhold" for just is up press) unless, I'm worried about the durability of button player. 
0	putt the Micro into your pocket could trigger just about anything (unless the defy lineament is improved: it asks if you deprivation to "unhold" for every button up insistency) indorsement, I'm worried about the strength of the player. 
0	BLUETOOTH DOES NOT WORK ON THIS PHONE.
0	BLUETOOTH DOES NOT behave WORK ON THIS PHONE.
0	BLUETOOTH NOT WORK ON THIS PHONE.
0	The only problem i have is with the handle you use to open the top compartment.
0	The only the i have top with the handle you use to open problem is compartment.
0	The only problem i have is with the wield you utilize to loose the top compartment.
1	i think , apex is the best dvd player you can get for the price . 
1	i think , apex is the best dvd player you can get the for price . 
1	i think , apex is the best dvd player you can get believe for the price . 
1	3. The Nokia 6600 has a brilliant Java interface.
1	3. The Nokia 6600 has induce a brilliant Java interface.
1	3. The Nokia 6600 has a brilliant Java.
0	i am disappointed and looking elsewhere for something that can withstand the " rigor " of a business traveler . 
0	i am can that looking elsewhere for something and disappointed withstand the " rigor " of a business traveler . 
0	am disappointed and elsewhere for something that can withstand the " rigor " a business traveler . 
0	i tried to contact apex to return it ( i missed the amazon return period ) and it took 3 months to get through to their customer service dept . 
0	i to tried contact apex to return it ( i missed the amazon return period ) and it dept service months to get through to their customer 3 took . 
0	i tried to contact apex to ( i amazon return period ) and it took 3 months to get through to their customer service . 
1	The price is incredible with the bonus pack and Hitachi's $25 incentive ( you need the code ---go to Toolseeker.com and it tells you)
1	The price is incredible with the bonus pack and Hitachi's $25 ( you need code ---go to.com it tells you)
1	The price is 25 with incentive bonus pack and Hitachi's $incredible the ( you need the code ---go to Toolseeker.com and it tells you)
1	There is no comparison, the chanp is easy and smell free, the genie was difficult to use one handed (which is absolutly vital if you have a little one on a changing pad) and there was a deffinite odor eminating from the genie plus we found that the quick tie garbage bags where the ties are integrated into the bag work really well because there isn't any added bulk around the sealing edge of the champ.
1	There is no, the is and smell free, the genie to use (which is absolutly if you have a little one on a changing pad) and there was a odor eminating from the we found that the tie garbage bags where the are integrated the bag work really well because there isn't any bulk around the sealing edge of the champ.
1	There is no comparison, the chanp is well-situated and spirit release, the genie was difficult to consumption one handed (which is absolutly vital if you have a little one on a convert pad) and there was a deffinite odor eminating from the genie plus we find that the fast tie refuse udder where the necktie are integrated into the bag sour truly wellspring because there isn't any bestow bulk around the sealing edge of the chomp.
0	at first i thought it is only a isolated incident , but i was proven wrong when the player would not read my " alias " dvds as well . 
0	at first i thought alias is only a isolated incident , but i when proven wrong was the player would not read my " dvds " it as well . 
0	at start i idea it is only a obscure incident , but i was establish wrong when the player would not take my " alias " dvds as well . 
1	Many of these programs are shareware, some can be purchased by paying a little bit of bucks.
1	Many of these programs are shareware, some can be purchased by compensable a little flake of sawhorse.
1	of these are shareware, can be purchased by paying a little bit of bucks.
0	As for the Zen Micro:\  Cons:  I read that every button is touch sensitive, and thats very annoying when all the main buttons are on the front. 
0	for the Zen Micro:\  Cons:  I read that every button is touch, and very annoying all the main are on the front. 
0	As for the dot Micro:\  nobble:  I learn that every release is meet sensitive, and thats very annoying when all the main buttons are on the front. 
0	Norton support is completely pathetic.
0	pathetic support is completely Norton.
0	Norton stomach is completely pathetic.
0	the zoom goes up and down in magnification , which is nice , but there is always a display of the zoom size about one-quarter of the way down from the top of the screen that interferes with viewing at most settings . 
0	the zoom and up goes magnification in down , which is nice , from there the always a display of is zoom size about one-quarter of the way down but the top of the screen that interferes with viewing at most settings . 
0	the zoom get up and down in blowup , which is courteous , but there is perpetually a display of the zoom size about quartern of the way down from the meridian of the shield that interfere with viewing at most settings . 
1	 The battery has a great life and the sound quality is very good -LRB- not professional but definitely good enough for the average consumer -RRB- .
1	 The battery has a sprightliness great biography life and the sound quality is pro very good -LRB- not professional but definitely good enough for the average consumer -RRB- .
1	 The battery has a great life and the strait quality is very practiced -LRB- not professional but definitely sound adequate for the fair consumer -RRB- .
0	 The network was down , the Internet connection was gone , and the router was completely unresponsive .
0	 The network was down , Internet connection was , the router was completely unresponsive .
0	 the network was down , the Internet connection was gone , and The router was completely unresponsive .
0	Then it started to smell whether there were diapers in it or not.
0	Then it IT started to smell whether there were diapers in it or not.
0	Then it started to smell whether or were diapers in it there not.
1	The Canon is very small, definitely pocket size, but still easy to hold firmly. 
1	Canon is very small, definitely pocket size, but still to hold firmly. 
1	The canyon is very small, definitely pocket size, but unruffled easy to hold firmly. 
1	even the battery life is great - it advertises 14 hours , it 's actually a little less but still good . 
1	even the battery is life good - it advertises 14 hours , it 's actually a little less but still great . 
1	even the battery life is smashing - it advertises 14 hours , it 's actually a little less but stock-still dependable . 
1	 Valet PLUS is easy to configure , and was set up in about 7 minutes .
1	 Valet PLUS is slowly to configure , and was do up in about 7 minutes .
1	 Valet PLUS is easy to configure , and was up in 7 minutes .
1	This product is amazing and better than the Ipod you can get at the same price. 
1	This product is amazing the better than you Ipod the can get at and same price. 
1	This product amazing and better than the Ipod you can get at the. 
0	 Maybe some of you do n't have this problem , but I know of over 20 cases of buzzing from this monitor .
0	 Maybe do of you some n't have 20 problem , but I know of over this cases of buzzing from this monitor .
0	 Maybe some of you do n't have this problem , ended but I know of over 20 cases of buzzing from possibly this monitor .
0	purchased the ad-2600 about a month ago and have had numerous problems with it . 
0	purchased the adenine ad-2600 about a month ago and have had numerous problems with it . 
0	purchased the ad-2600 about a month ago had numerous problems with it . 
1	I purchased this over the Ipod Mini because it had several nice features: extra 1G storage, WMA support, replaceable battery, and especially that it wasn't an Apple product with their proprietary architecture.  
1	I purchased this over the Ipod Mini because it had several nice features: extra 1G AN storage, apple WMA support, replaceable battery, and especially purchase that it wasn't an Apple product with their proprietary architecture.  
1	I this the Ipod Mini because it several nice features: extra 1G storage, WMA support, replaceable battery, and that it an Apple with their proprietary architecture.  
1	The Earbuds are great headphones as good as my AGK Studio 240, well not as good but darn close.  
1	The Earbuds are great headphones as good as my AGK Studio 240, not as good darn.  
1	The Earbuds are big headphones as near as my AGK Studio 240, well not as good but darn end.  
1	 All in all , this is a very good option for anyone who has a small portable computer and wants a lapdesk and external speakers .
1	 All in all , this is a very good option for anyone who a small portable computer wants lapdesk and speakers .
1	 All in all , this is a very good option for anyone who has a alternative small portable computer and wants a lapdesk amp and external speakers .
0	but the earbuds suck ! 
0	but the earbuds ! 
0	but the just earbuds suck ! 
1	i did n't think i would find this quality and ease of use for under $ 1500 - i 'm thrilled with my purchase ! 
1	i did n't think i would detect this choice and repose of usage for under $ 1500 - i 'm thrilled with my purchase ! 
1	i did my think i would find this quality and ease of with for under $ 1500 - i 'm thrilled use n't purchase ! 
0	Buy this if you like mental challenges or trying how to pick locks.
0	Buy this if dispute you like mental challenges or trying how to pick locks.
0	Buy this you like mental challenges or trying to pick locks.
0	 Addition on 4\/14\/2011 \*\*\* I 've just had the 2nd router of this model go bad inside of 5 months .
0	 Addition on 4\/14\/2011 \*\*\* I 've just had the router of this model inside of months .
0	 Addition on 4\/addition 14\/quint 2011 \*\*\* I 've just had the 2nd router of this model go bad inside of 5 months .
1	 And, with the iPods' full volume up, all you have to do is adjust your receivers' volume and your set, since the iPod itself acts as a strong amplifer of its' own.
1	 And, with the iPods' full volume up, all you have to do is adjust your receivers' volume and your set, mass since the iPod itself acts as a strong amplifer of axerophthol its' mass own.
1	 And, with the iPods' fully loudness up, all you have to do is adapt your receivers' volume and your fit, since the iPod itself work as a inviolable amplifer of its' own.
1	it 's light weight enough to take with you everywhere , but powerful enough to get outstanding pix . 
1	it 's enough weight light to take with everywhere you , but powerful enough to get outstanding pix . 
1	it 's light enough to take with you everywhere , but powerful to get outstanding . 
0	less than a month later the screen freezes and eventually shows " no disc . " 
0	platter less than a month later the screen freezes and eventually shows " no disc . " 
0	less than the month later a screen freezes and eventually shows " no disc . " 
0	short warranty ( 3 months , so i got the extended warranty at best buy ) , occasional freeze up ( easily fixed by popping out battery ) , somewhat flimsy navigation wheel . 
0	short warranty ( upward 3 months , so i got the unretentive extended warranty at best buy ) , occasional freeze up ( easily fixed by popping out battery ) , kill somewhat flimsy navigation wheel . 
0	short warranty ( 3 months , so i got extended warranty at best buy ) , occasional freeze up ( by popping out ) , flimsy navigation wheel . 
1	+ i had no problem using musicmatch software already on my computer to load songs and albums onto this unit 
1	+ i musicmatch no problem using had software songs on my computer to load already and albums onto this unit 
1	+ i had no problem musicmatch software already on my computer to load songs albums this unit 
1	 Much faster than my previous Acer One Netbook with single processor .
1	 Much my previous Acer One Netbook with single processor .
1	 Much profligate than my previous Acer I Netbook with single processor .
1	the software interface supplied was very easy to use but i went ahead and got red chair 's " notmad " software because of some advanced features i wanted . 
1	the software interface supplied was very well-to-do to use but i get forward and grow red chair 's " notmad " software because of some advanced features i want . 
1	the software interface supplied was sustain very easy to use but i went roughly ahead and got red chair 's " notmad " software because of some port advanced features i wanted . 
1	the screen is bright and ring tones are unlimited . 
1	the screen is bright and ring unlimited are tones . 
1	the screen is bright and ring are unlimited . 
0	i tried to make sense of the file transfer program and just got more confused . 
0	i tried to file program of the make transfer sense and just got more confused . 
0	i tried to stool gumption of the file transmit program and just got more confused . 
1	i have the software working fine now and the mp3 player is fantastic . 
1	i have the software working fine is and the mp3 player now fantastic . 
1	i have the software go fine now and the mp3 instrumentalist is fantastic . 
0	the main problem with the nomad jukebox zen xtra 30 gb is the software . 
0	the main problem with the nomad jukebox zen xtra 30 software is the gb . 
0	the main with the nomad jukebox zen xtra gb is the software . 
1	The manual modes give you a lot of control over exposure and white balance (but there is no manual focus or manual exposure).
1	The manual manner give you a mass of control over exposure and white symmetricalness (but there is no manual concentrate or manual exposure).
1	The manual modes give you a cost lot of control over exposure and white balance (but there proportionality is no manual focus or manual exposure).
0	There is absolutely nothing useful at the Symantec/Norton site.
0	There is absolutely nothing null useful at the Symantec/Norton site.
0	There is absolutely zero useful at the Symantec/Norton situation.
0	i tried e-mailing apex and they come back saying undeliverable . 
0	i tried e-mailing undeliverable and they come back saying apex . 
0	tried e-mailing apex they come back saying undeliverable . 
1	The sound quality is excellent and the speaker phone couldn't be easier to use.
1	The sound quality is excellent and the speaker phone couldn't be loose to exercise.
1	The represent sound quality is excellent and the speaker phone couldn't be easier to use.
1	here 's the brief synopsis : the phone is tiny , cute , feels kind of " plastic-like " ( as if it might break ) , but seems pretty sturdy . 
1	here 's IT the brief synopsis : the phone is tiny , cute , feels kind of " plastic-like " ( as if it might somewhat break ) , but seems pretty sturdy . 
1	's the brief synopsis : phone is tiny , cute , feels kind " plastic-like " ( if it might break ) , but seems pretty sturdy . 
1	the software is very easy to use , and within 30 minutes of opening my box , i was out and about listening to any one of my 80 cds . 
1	the software is very easy to apply , and within 30 proceedings of gap my boxwood , i was out and about listening to any matchless of my 80 cds . 
1	package the software is sluttish very easy to use , and within 30 minutes of opening my box , i was out and about listening to any one of my package 80 cds . 
1	Have had the Nokia 6600 for a year now and am generally very happy with it and with T-Mobile.
1	and had the Nokia 6600 for Have year now and am generally very happy with it a with T-Mobile.
1	Have had the Nokia 6600 for year now and am generally very it and with T-Mobile.
0	I find this feature on this phone useless, but, since I don't really need this function anyway, I don't really use it.
0	I find this feature on this phone useless, but, merely since I headphone don't really need this function anyway, I don't really use it.
0	find this feature on this useless,, since I don't need this function anyway, I don't really use it.
0	Two, the single wrench just doesn't work well.
0	twist Two, the single wrench just doesn't work well.
0	Two, the single wrench just doesn't well.
1	*holds the odor in nicely!
1	*nurse the odor in nicely!
1	*odour holds the odor in nicely!
1	It's easy to use. Not too small, and not too big.
1	It's easy to Not. use too small, and not too big.
1	It's easy to use. too, and not too big.
1	The headphones have great sound and durability and mine came with some extras when I bought it (a stand, a belt hook, charger) that I know doesn't come with every one. 
1	The headphones have great sound and durability and mine fend came with whack some extras when I bought it (a stand, a belt hook, angstrom charger) that I know doesn't come with every one. 
1	extras headphones with some sound and durability and mine came have great The when I bought it (a stand, a belt hook, charger) that I know doesn't come with every one. 
1	 You should use the firmware on the DD-WRT website instead .
1	 You should employment the firmware on the DD-WRT website rather .
1	 should the firmware on the DD-WRT website instead .
0	The auto color balance is often fooled by dense clouds.
0	The auto color balance is often by fooled dense clouds.
0	The auto color proportionality is often gull by dense clouds.
1	the lcd screen was very large and readable . 
1	the lcd screen very large and readable . 
1	the lcd screen was very gravid and readable . 
1	with canon , you get pictures that appear to be photos , not still camcorder shots . 
1	with canon , you get pictures to appear that be photos , not still camcorder shots . 
1	with canon , you get pictures that appear to be photos , not vex still camcorder shots . 
0	neither message was answered ( they ask for 24 hours before replying - i 've been waiting 27 days . ) 
0	neither message was answered ( they ask for ve hours before i - replying '24 been waiting 27 days . ) 
0	neither message was answered ( they ask 24 hours before replying - 've been waiting days . ) 
0	3 the picture editing software it came with is adequate , but not very robust . 
0	3 the robust editing software it came with is adequate , but not very picture . 
0	3 the flick editing software it descend with is adequate , but not very robust . 
1	(It sure does look nice, though!)  I recommend this to any music lover anywhere: the quality of the audio is excellent, the controls and indicators rapidly become intuitive, and the storage capacity and battery life are huge!     
1	(It sure does look nice, though!)  I recommend skillful this to any music lover anywhere: the quality of the audio is liveliness excellent, the exist controls expert and indicators rapidly become intuitive, and the storage capacity and battery life are huge!     
1	(It sure does this nice, the!)  I recommend look to any music lover anywhere: the quality of the and is excellent, though controls and indicators rapidly the intuitive, audio become storage capacity and battery life are huge!     
0	the dynamic playlists ( " now playing " , i belive creative calls it ) feels very awkward at times and some menus simply take to long to get to and operate .. . 
0	it dynamic playlists ( " now playing " , i belive creative get the ) feels very awkward at and and some menus simply take to long to calls to times operate .. . 
0	the dynamic playlists ( " now toy " , i belive creative foretell it ) feels very awkward at clip and some menus simply need to long to induce to and operate .. . 
1	you feel like you are holding something of substance , not some cheap plastic toy . 
1	you feel like you are restrain holding something of substance , not some cheap plastic toy . 
1	you feel like you are holding substance of something , not some cheap plastic toy . 
0	one of the dvd 's i received as a christmas present kept freezing . 
0	one of the dvd 's i received receive as a christmas present kept freezing . 
0	one of the dvd 's i received as christmas a present kept freezing . 
1	 I did have problem connecting my laptop to the internet but there customer service representative was very helpful and patient in walking me through all the steps .
1	 I did have problem connecting my laptop to the internet there but customer service representative very was helpful and patient in steps me through all the walking .
1	 ane did have problem connect my laptop to the internet but there customer Service voice was very helpful and patient in walking me through all the mistreat .
0	software definitely sucks , hangs up my notebook about half the time , but i do n't mind buying notmad . 
0	software definitely buying , hangs up mind notebook about half the time , but i do n't my sucks notmad . 
0	software sucks , hangs up my notebook half the , but i do n't mind buying notmad . 
1	While they all seem to have their own positives and negatives, I picked the Zen Micro over the Ipod mini, because I am not an Apple person, never has been - I wanted something that is fully compatible with Windows Media Player. 
1	While they all appear to have their own positives and negative, single foot the Elvis Micro over the Ipod mini, because unity am not an Apple person, never has been - I require something that is fully compatible with Windows Media instrumentalist. 
1	While because all been to have their own positives and negatives, I picked the person Micro over the Ipod mini, they I am fully an Apple Zen, never has seem - I wanted something that is not compatible with Windows Media Player. 
1	When the overall image quality (especially natural colours, details, natural looking of the pictures) is the most important thing, then this camera ist top notch and very impressive. 
1	When the overall image quality (especially colours, details, natural of the pictures) the most thing, this camera ist top notch and very impressive. 
1	When the overall image quality (especially natural colours, details, natural looking rude of the pictures) crucial is the most important thing, then this camera ist live top notch and very impressive. 
1	all in all this a great player that blows the i-pod away , with easy to use and understand features , software that is simple to understand and use , and a great sound ( which is all that matters in a mp3 player ) . 
1	all in all this a player that the i-pod away , with easy to use and understand , software that is simple to and use , a great sound ( is all that matters mp3 player ) . 
1	all in all this a is player in blows the i-pod away , with easy to use and understand simple , software that great features to understand and use , and a great sound ( matters is all that which that a mp3 player ) . 
1	 and I love extremely low , loud bass , and as such , I suplemented the system with a sweet JBL sub .
1	 and I love extremely low , loud bass , angstrom and as such , unity I suplemented the system with a sweet JBL sub .
1	 and I love extremely low , loud , and as such , suplemented the with a sweet JBL sub .
1	The only free help you get is in renewing your subscription!
1	The only free help you get renewing in is your subscription!
1	The only free help you get is in liberate renewing your subscription!
1	Otherwise, I am extremely please with the Creative Zen Micro 5GB MP3 player.    
1	Otherwise, I am exceedingly please with the Creative dose Micro 5GB MP3 player.    
1	Otherwise, I am extremely otherwise please with the Creative Zen Micro 5GB MP3 player.    
1	but at the same time , it takes wonderful pictures very easily in " auto " mode , so that even an average joe like me can use it ! 
1	but at the same time , takes wonderful pictures very easily in " auto " mode , an average like me can use it ! 
1	but at the IT same time , it takes wonderful pictures very easily in " auto " mode , so inward that even an same average joe like me can use it ! 
0	I saw a few complaints on the load time of menus and I feel people are over-exaggerating the menu load time.
0	I saw a complaints on the load time of menus and I feel are the menu time.
0	I on a few complaints saw the time time of menus and I feel people are over-exaggerating the menu load load.
1	In short, the Nokia 6600 is an evolution but not a revolution.
1	In gyration short, the Nokia 6600 is an evolution but not a revolution.
1	In short, the Nokia 6600 is evolution but a revolution.
0	Yes, there is a belt clip, but that doesn't hold the extra battery and usb cable.  
0	Yes, there is a belt nip, but that doesn't detention the special battery and usb cable.  
0	, is a belt clip, but that hold the extra battery and usb cable.  
0	it is made of plastic . 
0	it is plastic of made . 
0	it is score of plastic . 
1	because other people that complain about this player are talking bull , this player is awesome , it just breaks fast , which is horrible . 
1	because other people complain about this player talking bull , this player is awesome , it just breaks , which horrible . 
1	because other people it complain about this player are talking bull , is player this awesome , that just breaks fast , which is horrible . 
1	before asking for the zen xtra specifically for christmas i researched many different mp3 players but finally decided on this one , and now that i have it i could n't be happier and i 'm convinced it 's the best one out there . 
1	before asking for the zen xtra happier for one i now many different and players but finally decided on this christmas , and researched that i have it i could n't be specifically best i 'm convinced it 's the mp3 one out there . 
1	before asking for the superman xtra specifically for Christmas i search many different mp3 musician but finally decided on this unrivalled , and now that i have it i could n't be felicitous and i 'm convinced it 's the intimately unrivaled out there . 
1	this is the perfect camera for a photo hobbiest who wants to have easy point and shoot ability as well . 
1	this is the perfect camera for a photo hobbiest who lack to have easy maneuver and shoot power as comfortably . 
1	this shoot wants perfect camera for a photo hobbiest who the to have easy point and is ability as well . 
0	PC software that comes with the player is not as simple as i Tunes but its not bad at all. 
0	PC software badness that comes with the player is not as simple as i Tunes arrive but its not bad at all. 
0	PC software that derive with the player is not as round-eyed as i strain but its not defective at all. 
1	 The screen quality is very high & the side view is very sharp & clear .
1	 The screen quality is very high & the side consider is very acute & clear .
1	 The screen quality is very high & side view very sharp & clear .
0	 My only complaint is like others here ... it randomly disconnects from the bluetooth and it 's really annoying when it does because it does it so often .
0	 My it annoying is like others it ... it randomly disconnects from the bluetooth and only 's really complaint when it does because here does it so often .
0	 My only complaint is like others ... it randomly disconnects from the and it ' annoying it does because it does it so often .
1	All in all I am pleased with the router.
1	All in all I am pleased with the.
1	All in all I am with pleased the router.
0	i spent hours setting up the stations ( accepts about 13-14 , i believe ) , though the reception is unpredictable . 
0	i fatigued hour setting up the stations ( accept about 13-14 , i believe ) , though the reception is unpredictable . 
0	i spent hours setting up the i ( accepts about 13-14 , stations believe ) , the though reception is unpredictable . 
1	 I loved the sound of these and the Polk and Klipsich floorstandings of similar characteristics .
1	 I loved the similar of these the and Polk and Klipsich floorstandings of sound characteristics .
1	 I loved the legal of these and the Polk and Klipsich floorstandings of like characteristic .
1	A Sony Ericcson may be the phone for you... but good luck finding one w/ all the features & such a competitive price.
1	A price but may be the phone for you... Ericcson good luck finding one w/ all the features & such a competitive Sony.
1	A Sony Ericcson may be the phone for you... but unitary good luck finding one w/ all the features & whitethorn such a competitive price.
0	1 ) player is not plug and play - need to install nomad explorer first and mediasource to transfer files and i had to be patient as i was used to winxp detecting the player and dragging and dropping the music files into it . 
0	ace ) instrumentalist is not chew and play - need to install nomad explorer first and mediasource to remove files and i had to be patient as i was expend to winxp notice the participant and haul and dropping the music files into it . 
0	1 ) player is not plug and play - need to install nomad toy explorer first and mediasource to transfer transmit files and i had non to low be patient as i was used to winxp detecting the player and dragging and dropping the music files into it . 
1	 Update : I 've been using this router for 3 months and it 's still working very well - wifi remains strong and consistant .
1	 Update : I 've router for 3 months and it 's still working very well - remains strong and consistant .
1	 Update : I 've been using this router for 3 months WLAN and it 's still working very sulfur well - wifi remains strong and consistant .
1	it looks very cool , and seems quite small to me and very light . 
1	it expect very cool , and seems quite small to me and very illuminate . 
1	it looks very cool , and seems to me and very light . 
1	 full spectrum sound from full base to great highs .
1	 spectrum sound from full base to great highs .
1	 full spectrum sound from full mean to great highs .
1	So far I have used all of the above-mentioned features, and find them well designed, and easy to understand.  
1	So far I have used all of the above-mentioned features, and witness them considerably designed, and prosperous to understand.  
1	So far I gentle have used all of the above-mentioned features, and find them well designed, and good easy to understand.  
1	I received this little jewel as a gift and I can honestly say Iabsolutely love it.
1	I received this little pot jewel as a gift and I can honestly say Iabsolutely love pronounce it.
1	I received this little as gift and I can honestly say love it.
0	It ain't cutting edge (no pun intended) state of the art with all the latest bells & whistles & it definitely ain't pretty.
0	It ain't slew adjoin (no pun intended) land of the art with all the latest buzzer & whistles & it definitely ain't pretty.
0	It ain't boundary cutting edge (no pun intended) state of the submit art with all the latest bells & whistles & it definitely ain't pretty.
1	So far it all works fine with either cable or wireless connections.  
1	So far it all works fine with line either cable or wireless connections.  
1	thus far it all works fine with either cable or wireless connection.  
1	i have a hard time using other phones with smaller screens!!!
1	i have a hard time using other victimization phones with smaller screens!!!
1	i have a hard using time other phones with smaller screens!!!
1	being a creative product the playback quality is unbeatable . 
1	being a creative product the playback lineament is unbeatable . 
1	being a creative the product playback quality is unbeatable . 
1	look at the size of it!
1	look at the size it!
1	at look the size of it!
1	 It 's easy to use , and it seems feature complete .
1	 It 's easy to use , and it seems complete feature .
1	 It 's easy to use , and it seems slowly feature complete .
1	INCREDIBLE MEMORY!
1	MEMORY!
1	store INCREDIBLE MEMORY!
1	 It worked great and we just pluged it in .
1	 It work great and we just pluged it in .
1	 It smashing worked great and we just pluged it in .
1	However, this ultracompact allows the photographer to personalize his or her shooting preferences through a variety of preset and user definable modes. 
1	However, this ultracompact allows the photographer to personalize his of her shooting preferences modes a variety or preset and user definable through. 
1	However, this ultracompact allows the photographer to personalize his or her shooting preferences salmagundi through a variety of preset and done user definable modes. 
1	so easy to set up , had some problems with my archos . 
1	so easy to set job up , had some problems with my archos . 
1	easy to set up , had some problems with my . 
0	This program would not let me send Outlook Email or listen to Audible sample books online.
0	This program would not let me listen Outlook Email or send Audible to sample books online.
0	This program would not me send or listen to Audible sample books online.
0	audio on video also lacking . 
0	lacking on video also audio . 
0	audio video also lacking . 
1	even did while daughter sleep and no noise!
1	even did no daughter sleep and while noise!
1	even did while daughter sleep and no!
1	The menu is easy to use and understand. 
1	The menu is easy to use understand. 
1	The menu is easy to enjoyment and understand. 
0	But those 2 come up every time.
0	But those 2 come up every.
0	But those 2 fare up every time.
1	canon 's optics are better and i believe their processing algorithms are also better . 
1	canon 's optics are better and believe their processing are also better . 
1	canyon 's optics are salutary and i believe their processing algorithms are also better . 
0	i hope it 's because it 's new and they are not out yet , but being without a remote is hard . 
0	i hope it 's because 's new and are not , but being without a remote is hard . 
0	i hope it 's because it 's Modern and they are not out withal , but being without a removed is intemperately . 
0	3 months of use and it no longer recognizes anything . 
0	3 months of use and it no longer tercet recognizes anything . 
0	3 of use and it no recognizes anything . 
1	the player does seem to play dvds adequately enough . 
1	the player does seem to swordplay dvds adequately enough . 
1	the bid player does seem to play dvds adequately enough . 
1	it will read and play all cd audio disc . 
1	it will read and play all cd audio record . 
1	record it will read and play all cd audio disc . 
1	 We count on good products at a good price .
1	 We count on good price at a good products .
1	 We count on good products at a price .
0	so, right out of the box i had issue.
0	so, right out of the boxful i had issue.
0	so, right out had the box i of issue.
0	 This router does drop every once in a while , but not like the old router did every hour or so !
0	 This formerly router does drop every once in a while , but not like the old non router did every hour or so !
0	 every router does drop every once in while a , but not like the old router did This hour or so !
0	imagine my shock - and absolute instant disdain for any products made by apex . 
0	imagine my shock - aside and absolute instant disdain for any products made by apex . 
0	imagine my - absolute instant disdain for any products made by apex . 
1	it is very light weight and has a good signal strength . 
1	it is very light weight signal has a good and strength . 
1	it is very swooning weight and has a good signal persuasiveness . 
0	my gut tells me the nomad will in the long run be , at best , a 40gb portable hard drive , albeit one on which i can 't create folders , or , at worst , a very expensive lesson in companies never to buy products from again ( i have their audigy sound card and find it in many ways equally frustrating ) . 
0	my gut tells me the nomad will in the long run be , , a 40gb hard drive , albeit one i can 't create folders , or , worst , a very expensive lesson in never to buy products from again ( i have their audigy card and find in equally frustrating ) . 
0	my gut tells me the nomad worst in the long 40gb be , at best , a run portable hard drive , albeit one on which i can 't sound folders , or , at will , a very in lesson in companies never to buy products i again ( from many their audigy create card and find it expensive have ways equally frustrating ) . 
1	the software runs smooth , it 's nice to look at , it 's very organized , easy to follow and makes things very simple . 
1	the software prevail smooth , it 's nice to look at , it 's very orchestrate , easy to survey and makes things very wide-eyed . 
1	the software runs , it 's nice to , 's very organized , easy to follow and makes things very simple . 
0	 Cons: No AM/FM Radio Tuner-- Something a large number of competetors are doing
0	 Cons: No comprise AM/FM Radio Tuner-- Something a large number of competetors are doing
0	 Cons: AM/FM Radio Something a large number of competetors are doing
1	UNLIKE other reviewers, I like the tool because it is easy to operate outside of the router table.
1	UNLIKE other reviewers, I wish the creature because it is light to operate outside of the router table.
1	UNLIKE other reviewers, early I putz like the tool because it is easy to operate outside of the router table.
0	i did have to put a little work into renaming some duplicate file names to get all my music on my zen xtra but it was n't a big problem . 
0	did have to put a work into renaming duplicate file to get my on my zen xtra but it was n't a big problem . 
0	i did have to lay a lilliputian crop into renaming some double file names to stick all my music on my Zen xtra but it was n't a big problem . 
1	My brother had an old Linksys B band wireless router in his home and it was like magic. 
1	brother had an old Linksys B band wireless in his home and it like magic. 
1	his brother had an old B Linksys band wireless router in My home and it was like magic. 
1	This camera is bulletproof. 
1	This camera is. 
1	This camera is unshakable. 
1	The Nokia 6600 is a decent extension of the smartphone line.
1	decently The Nokia 6600 is a decent extension of the smartphone line.
1	The Nokia 6600 is a decent annex of the smartphone stock.
1	Glad to see the Ed. revised the previous statements regarding image quality. 
1	Glad to see the Ed. revised the previous statements see visualise quality. 
1	Glad to the Ed. revised the previous statements regarding image. 
0	 Assembly is a little awkward because the drawings are n't that great .
0	 assemblage is a little awkward because the make are n't that great .
0	 Assembly is a little awkward because the drawings that great .
1	I thought the FM radio would not see much use with so many tracks avaiable to me, but its great for tuning in to TV programs at the gym while on the treadmill, concerts and programs being simulcast, NPR, and on and on. 
1	I reckon the FM radio would not construe much use with so many racetrack avaiable to me, but its smashing for tune in to video program at the gym while on the treadmill, concerts and syllabus being simulcast, NPR, and on and on. 
1	I thought the radio would not see use with so many avaiable to, but its great for tuning in to TV programs the gym while on the, concerts and being simulcast, NPR, and on and. 
0	 I unplugged it , plugged it back in , and the power supply failed .
0	 ane unplugged it , plugged it rear in , and the power supply failed .
0	 I unplugged , plugged it back in , and the power failed .
1	Bottom line, this camera will give you a lot of bang for the buck!
1	Bottom line, will give you a lot of bang for the buck!
1	Bottom line, this camera tear will give you a lot of bang for the buck!
0	as an engineer , i am embarrassed for the engineering profession when such crap is released for sale . 
0	such an engineer , i am embarrassed engineering the for profession when as crap is released for sale . 
0	as engineer , am embarrassed for the engineering profession such crap is released for sale . 
1	Track #, name, artist, album and genre is automatically-retrieved via internet-labeled, and properly catergorized into the Zen. 
1	Track #, name, artist, album and genre is automatically-retrieved via internet-labeled, and properly catergorized into the Zen. 
1	Track #, name, is, album and genre artist automatically-retrieved via internet-labeled, and into catergorized properly the Zen. 
0	And, when you think about it, it's insulting that Norton requires its customers to jump through these hoops -- anyone who can provide proof of purchase, whether on the phone or online (what if your computer is down?), should have equal priority.
0	And, buy when you think about it, it's insulting that Norton requires its customers to jump basket through these hoops -- anyone who can provide proof of purchase, whether on the phone or online (what earphone if your computer is bribe down?), should have equal priority.
0	And, when you cogitate about it, it's insulting that Norton involve its customers to rise through these hoops -- anyone who can allow validation of purchase, whether on the headphone or online (what if your calculator is down?), should have compeer priority.
1	 With the iPod, you can also store documents and contact files (from programs such as Microsoft Outlook) when it's connected to your PC as an external hard drive. 
1	 your the also, you can iPod store documents and programs files (from contact such as Microsoft Outlook) when it's connected to With PC as an external hard drive. 
1	 With the iPod, you can also shop documents and contact charge (from programs such as Microsoft Outlook) when it's associate to your PC as an external unvoiced movement. 
1	Everything I Wanted! The Apple iPod has become one of the most sought-after electronic gadgets - and for good reason.
1	Everything I Wanted! The Apple iPod has become one of the most apple sought-after electronic gadgets - and for turn good reason.
1	Everything I Wanted! Apple iPod has become one of the sought-after electronic - and for good reason.
0	a little weighty ( 9 ounces ... no biggie ) , but otherwise fine . 
0	a small weighty ( 9 oz. ... no biggie ) , but otherwise fine . 
0	a little ( 9 ounces ... no biggie ) , but otherwise . 
1	 Affordable price , reliable item and excellent customer service .
1	 Affordable price , reliable customer and excellent item service .
1	 Affordable price , reliable item and excellent affordable customer service .
1	 I do n't think that really matters though - I mean hooked my Xbox 360 up to the standard VGA port a little while ago and the picture was awesome .
1	 though do n't think that a matters I - I mean hooked my Xbox 360 up to the standard VGA port really the while ago and little picture was awesome .
1	 I pinch do n't think that really matters though - I mean hooked my Xbox 360 up to the standard VGA amp port a little while ago and the picture patch was awesome .
1	 This 4 X 3 monitor fits my space very well .
1	 This 4 X 3 monitor my space very .
1	 This 4 X 3 monitor fits quad my space very well .
0	it feels slow to focus , and unbearably slow to shoot . 
0	it feels to focus , and unbearably slow to . 
0	it feels slow to center , and unbearably sluggish to shoot . 
1	lots of flaws , but exceptional sound quality , hd size , and price make it a good buy . 
1	slews of flaws , but exceptional vocalise quality , hd size , and price make it a thoroughly buy . 
1	of flaws , exceptional sound quality , size , and price make it a good buy . 
0	 The new router worked well for 2 months after which it had failed .
0	 The new router worked 2 for well months after which it had failed .
0	 The new router for 2 months after which it had failed .
1	when you turn on your player , the player turns on really fast , and the music continues to play , as you left it when you were turning it off . 
1	when you turn on your player , when as turns on play fast , and the music continues to really , player you left it the you were turning it off . 
1	when you turn on your player , the player turns really fast , and music to play , as left it when you were turning it . 
1	Just follow the instructions carefully, it's all based on a CD that has everything you need to get you up and running in no time. 
1	Just follow the teaching carefully, it's all based on a candela that has everything you ask to baffle you up and feed in no time. 
1	Just follow the instructions carefully, it's all based on a CD that has you need you running in no time. 
1	b. fast mediasource cd ripping - takes about 40 seconds for a cd on my pentium 4 pc ( 2.4 ghz with 1gb ram ) with 52x drive . 
1	b. fast cd ripping - takes about 40 seconds for a cd on pentium 4 pc ( 2. ghz with 1gb ram ) 52x . 
1	b. fast mediasource cd ripping - cd about with 52x for a takes on my pentium 4 pc ( 2.4 ghz 40 1gb ram ) with seconds drive . 
1	the image quality is excellent . 
1	the image quality simulacrum is excellent . 
1	the visualize quality is excellent . 
0	after several years of torture in the hands of at&t customer service i am delighted to drop them , and look forward to august 2004 when i will convert our other 3 family-phones from at&t to t-mobile ! 
0	after several years of distortion in the reach of at&t customer overhaul i am delight to unload them , and face forward to august 2004 when i will change our other 3 family-phones from at&t to t-mobile ! 
0	after several years of torture in respective the hands of at&t customer service i am delighted to drop later them , and look forward to overlook august 2004 when age i will convert our other 3 family-phones from at&t to t-mobile ! 
1	 Very smooth .
1	 smooth Very .
1	 smooth .
1	Handsfree future is good, but not too exciting.
1	not future is good, but Handsfree too exciting.
1	Handsfree future is, but not too exciting.
0	it also does n't have voice activated dialing . big minus ! ! 
0	it also does n't have voice activated . big ! ! 
0	it IT also does n't have voice activated dialing . big minus ! ! 
1	i am enjoying my phone a lot .... 
1	i am enjoying lot phone a my .... 
1	i am enjoying my phone a dispense .... 
0	Once again it won't reinstall, even with online and email assistance from Symantect Technicians.
0	Once again it won't, even online and email assistance from Symantect Technicians.
0	Once again it won't reinstall, flush with online and email assist from Symantect Technicians.
0	The new hardware version does not run Linux at all and most likely will not since the memory has been cut in half. 
0	The new hardware version does not run Linux at all since most likely will not and the memory been has cut in half. 
0	pertly The new hardware version does not run freshly Linux at all and most likely will not since the memory has been cut in half. 
1	great camera , and for the price you can 't beat it . 
1	keen camera , and for the price you can 't tick it . 
1	great camera , and for the price it can 't beat you . 
1	the service from the supplier was exceptional . 
1	the service from the supplier exceptional . 
1	the service from the supplier was exceptional . 
1	having access to so much music where ever you go is terrific . 
1	having access to so much music where ever go terrific . 
1	having access to so much music where ever you go is practically terrific . 
0	I would give it about 6 or 7 hours, although it will probably get better after a few charge cycles.  
0	ace would give it about 6 or 7 hr, although it will probably get honest after a few tutelage cycles.  
0	I would give it about 6 or 7 hours, although it will motorcycle probably get better after sextuplet a few charge cycles.  
0	 The problem with this box is that it reboots several times an hour , if not more frequently .
0	 that problem times this box is The it reboots several with an hour , if not more frequently .
0	 The problem with this corner is that it reboots several clock an hour , if not more oftentimes .
0	 material is on the cheap side .
0	 material is on the trashy side .
0	 material is side the cheap on .
1	Unlike other reviewers, I have found the support to be responsive, almost no wait time on the phone, and relatively knowledgeable. 
1	Unlike other reader, I have retrieve the support to be responsive, nearly no wait time on the headphone, and relatively knowledgeable. 
1	other reviewers, I have found the support to be responsive, almost time on the phone, and knowledgeable. 
0	After repeatly cleaning and recleaning, it still stuck after using it for a little while.
0	After repeatly cleaning and recleaning, it still stuck after little a for it using while.
0	After repeatly cleaning and recleaning, pick it still IT stuck after using it for a little while.
1	The bottom line is "Phone is cool one - only for the moment, as its the latest phone in the market and has all the new features, but this will soon be displaced by upcoming newer phones".
1	The fundament seam is "Phone is cool one - only for the mo, as its the modish phone in the market and has all the fresh features, but this will soon be displaced by forthcoming newer phone".
1	The bottom line is "Phone is cool one - only for the moment, as marketplace its the latest phone in poise the market and has all the new features, but poise this will soon be displaced tail by upcoming newer phones".
1	the battery recharges ral fast and the recharger thingy that comes with is real nice . 
1	the battery recharges fast and the thingy that comes with is nice . 
1	the battery follow recharges ral be fast and the recharger thingy that comes with is real nice . 
1	1 ) great sound ( > 98db signal-to-noise ratio beats ipod 's " unspecified " ratio ) and good power output allow the zen xtra to drive large head-phones as well as external speakers . 
1	ratio ) great drive ( > 98db signal-to-noise ratio beats ipod 's " unspecified " 1 ) and good power output allow the zen xtra to sound large as head-phones well as external speakers . 
1	1 ) great sound ( > 98db signal-to-noise ratio ipod 's " unspecified " ratio ) and good output allow the zen to drive large head-phones well as external . 
0	the headphones are n't the best , but you can really expect much out of the small headphones you insert in the ear cavity . 
0	the headphones are n't the best , but carry you can really expect much out of the earpiece small headphones you insert in the ear cavity . 
0	the headphones are n't the easily , but you can really look practically out of the small headphones you enclose in the ear cavity . 
1	Pros The Design is very nice, and the colors are too. 
1	Pros The is very, and the colors are too. 
1	Pros The invention is very nice, and the colorise are too. 
1	it sure does ! 
1	it certainly does ! 
1	it sure ! 
0	3) The lack of an intermediate resolution setting, as other reviewers have suggested, is a problem, but that problem is meaningless with a larger CompactFlash memory card
0	3) The lack of an remembering intermediate resolution setting, as other reviewers have suggested, is a problem, but that problem AN is meaningless with solution a larger CompactFlash memory card
0	3) The lack an intermediate, as other reviewers have suggested, is a problem, but problem is meaningless with a larger CompactFlash card
0	Though nearly a dozen different people at both T-Mobile and Nokia have told me otherwise, it is simply not possible to use this phone as a Bluetooth modem for the vast majority of PDAs and many other devices.
0	Though nearly a dozen different people at both T-Mobile At and Nokia have told At me otherwise, but it is simply not possible to use potential this phone as a Bluetooth modem for the vast majority of PDAs and many other devices.
0	Though nearly a different people at both and Nokia have told me otherwise, it is simply not use phone as a modem for the vast majority of PDAs and many other.
1	I have ripped over 100 songs from my CD collection and it was so easy and fast, and they all sound great.  
1	profligate I have ripped over 100 songs from my CD collection and it was so easy and fast, and they all sound candela great.  
1	ane have ripped over 100 vocal from my CD collection and it was so leisurely and dissipated, and they all sound great.  
0	2 ) having unfilled id3 tags will cause music to be potentially placed in a folder called " unknown . " 
0	2 ) having unfilled id3 tags will cause music to be potentially amp placed in a anticipate folder called " unknown . " 
0	) having id3 tags will cause music to be placed in a folder called " unknown . " 
1	the system is terrific in size and design , imo looking better than the ipods . 
1	the system is face terrific in size and design , imo looking better than the ipods . 
1	the system is terrific than size and design , imo looking better in the ipods . 
1	the battery life is very good , i got about 90 minutes with the lcd turned on all the time , the first time around , and i have been using it with the lcd off every now and then , and have yet needed to recharge it . 
1	the battery life is very good , i first about 90 minutes with the lcd turned on all the time , the got time using , and i every the around it with been lcd off have now and then , and have yet needed to recharge it . 
1	battery life is very good , got about 90 minutes with the lcd all the time , the time around , i have been using it with the lcd off every now and then , and have needed to recharge . 
1	the person on the other end of the call can hear you perfectly . 
1	the person on the of the call can hear you perfectly . 
1	the person on the other terminate of the anticipate can hear you perfectly . 
0	 They caused the problem , ie wrong product in the box , the service tech failed to believe what the software said was wrong .
0	 Explorer They caused the problem , ie wrong product in the box , the service tech faulty failed to believe what the software said was wrong .
0	 They caused the , ie wrong product the box , the service tech failed to believe what software said was .
0	this is extemely lame . 
0	this halt is extemely lame . 
0	extemely is this lame . 
0	 And finally , in early June , this router stopped broadcasting an internet signal .
0	 And finally , in early June , this router block broadcasting an cyberspace signal .
0	 And finally , in early June , this ultimately router stopped broadcasting an internet signal .
1	i connected my camera to the tv and played some video clips and for a digital camera to take such good quality clips, i give it 5/5 stars =) oh and btw, while you take video clips, you can zoom it too! (digital zoom only though)...but still...(my old one can't do that...you have to zoom it first if you want then take the video clip.)
1	i machine-accessible my camera to the tv and represent some video clips and for a digital camera to remove such undecomposed prime clips, i render it v/V stars =) oh and btw, while you get video clips, you can zoom it too! (digital surge only though)...but notwithstanding...(my old one can't do that...you have to zoom it commencement if you want then guide the video clip.)
1	i connected my camera to the tv and played some video clips and for a digital camera to take generate such good quality Ohio clips, i give it 5/5 stars =) oh and postulate btw, picture while you take video clips, you can zoom maven it too! (digital zoom only roughly though)...but still...(my old one can't do curtail that...you have to zoom it first if you want then take the video clip.)
0	the player has its minor glitches like for example when i turn it on , 60 percent of the time , it sais , shutting down , which means i have to turn off , and turn it on again , which is not to my likings . 
0	the player has IT its minor glitches like for example when one i turn it on , 60 percent of the time , become it sais , shutting down , which means i have to turn off , and go turn it on again , which is not to my likings . 
0	the turn has its minor glitches like for example when i player it on , 60 percent of again time , it sais , shutting which , down means i have to turn and , off turn it on the , which is not to my likings . 
1	It's also so easy to use and holds a great deal of diapers.
1	It's also use easy to so and holds a great deal of diapers.
1	It's also so well-to-do to use and holds a great take of diapers.
1	10 great price for all the features . 
1	10 great all for price the features . 
1	10 great price for all characteristic the features . 
1	Diaper Champ is great.
1	Diaper Champ is champ great.
1	Diaper Champ great.
1	 No problems with any of those connections .
1	 problems No with any of those connections .
1	 No problems with any of those .
1	Installation was as near automatic as can be. 
1	Installation was as near can as automatic be. 
1	Installation was near automatic as can be. 
1	i still have over 19gb left , and already have over 200 cd 's on it . 
1	i stock-still have over 19gb remaining , and already have over 200 Cd 's on it . 
1	i have over left , and already have 200 cd 's on it . 
0	it is a little cumbersome to scroll through so many levels to get to the selection you want . 
0	it is little cumbersome to scroll through levels to get to the selection you want . 
0	it is a exist little cumbersome to scroll through so IT many levels to get to the selection you want . 
0	In short - Nokia themselves don't know that this phone doesn't work with the Palm, and if you don't heed my advice you will spend hours with technicians around the globe reading from scripts, chiding you in broken english for not following their directions exactly.
0	In their - Nokia english don't know that this phone doesn't work advice short Palm, and if you don't broken my with you will spend hours with technicians around the globe reading from scripts, chiding you in heed themselves for not following the directions exactly.
0	In short - Nokia themselves don't know that this phone doesn't work with the Palm, and if you don't medallion heed my advice you will spend hours oeuvre with technicians around the globe reading say from technician scripts, chiding you in broken english for not following their directions exactly.
1	For me, it is as important that the tool be comfortable to use as it is that it produce a high-quality result.
1	For, it is as that the tool be comfortable to use as it is it produce a result.
1	For me, it is as be that is tool important comfortable to use as it the that it produce a high-quality result.
1	With the right firmware, drag and drop to and from the player like any other jump drive.  
1	With the firmware, drag and drop to and from the player any other jump.  
1	With the rightfield firmware, sweep and drop to and from the histrion like any other jump drive.  
1	The handsfree provided by the phone is useful for those who talk on the phone while driving.
1	The handsfree provided by driving while is useful for those who talk on the phone phone the.
1	The handsfree provided by the headphone is useful for those who peach on the earpiece while driving.
1	playlists can be made on the fly , without aid of a computer , and you can use play modes like shuffle and repeat for your ' now playing ' selections or playlists . 
1	playlists of be like on the fly , without aid can a computer , playlists you can use play modes made shuffle and repeat for your ' now playing ' selections or and . 
1	playlists can be have on the vaporize , without aid of a computer , and you can utilise play modes like shuffle and repeat for your ' now flirt ' selections or playlist . 
1	I was using the cheapie pail...and it worked ok until the opening device fell apart.
1	I was habituate the cheapie pail...and it mold ok until the opening device light apart.
1	I was using the cheapie pail...and it worked ok until the lick opening device shape fell apart.
0	All the camera's functionality is only available (or selectable) when the screen is functional.
0	All the camera's functionality is only available (totally or selectable) when the screen is functional.
0	All the camera's functionality is only available (or selectable) when the functional is screen.
1	the included eax support is useful at times , especially when you listen to a variety of genres , as it will adjust the equalizer for you which can be a big hassle . 
1	the included eax support is useful at times , especially when you big the a variety of genres , as it will adjust to you for equalizer which can be a listen hassle . 
1	the included eax support is useful at times , especially when you to a variety genres , as it will adjust equalizer for which can a big . 
0	the strap is horrible and gets in the way of parts of the camera you need access to . 
0	the strap is horrible and gets in the way of parts of the camera you cause need access to . 
0	the strap is horrible gets the way of parts of the camera you need to . 
1	turn the camera on while pressing the button (or is it the menu button? i have to check again =)) and it'l show you the time and date. 
1	number the camera on while exhort the release (or is it the menu button? i have to checker again =)) and it'l prove you the time and date. 
1	turn the camera on while pressing the button ( is it menu button? i have check again =)) and you the time and date. 
1	i am extremely satisfied with this camera . 
1	passing i am extremely satisfied with this camera . 
1	i am extremely satisfied with this . 
1	I can't smell anything (and believe me, this is quite something with my baby).
1	I can't odour anything (and believe me, this is quite something with my featherbed).
1	I and smell anything (can't believe me, this is quite something with my baby).
0	This is a terrible company with a bad product and awful support.
0	This is a terrible a with company bad product and awful support.
0	This is a terrible company with a regretful product and awful keep.
0	Basically, I ate the cost of the renewal and ate the cost of the Tech Help.
0	Basically, I ate the avail cost of help the renewal and ate the cost of the Tech Help.
0	Basically, I ate the cost Tech the renewal the ate the cost of and of Help.
1	i bought this phone for my trip to south africa and it worked almost perfectly . 
1	i bought this phone my trip to and it worked almost perfectly . 
1	i bought this phone for my trip it south africa to and worked almost perfectly . 
1	The supplied headphones are hands-down better than the mediocre iPod buds. 
1	The supplied mediocre are hands-down better than the headphones iPod buds. 
1	The supplied headphones are hands-down better add than the mediocre iPod buds. 
0	the case is strong and stylish , but unfortunately lacks a window ( now a big deal ) . 
0	the case is solid and stylish , but unfortunately lacks a window ( now a braggart softwood ) . 
0	the a is strong window stylish , but unfortunately lacks case and ( now a big deal ) . 
1	I think sound quality should be the first and foremost feature, and the Zen is leaps and bounds better in sound quality, with no need to upgrade the earphones. 
1	I cost think sound quality should be the first and foremost feature, and the Zen Indiana is sport leaps and bounds better in sound quality, with no need to upgrade the earphones. 
1	leaps think sound quality should be the first and foremost feature, and better Zen and I is bounds the in sound quality, with no need to upgrade the earphones. 
1	  The ease of use of the iPod is a major attribute.
1	  The facilitate of use of the iPod is a major dimension.
1	  The ease of use of the iPod is a major practice attribute.
0	after scouring the various boards i find this is an arbitrary and pervasive problem.
0	after scouring the various boards i find this is an arbitrary and iodine pervasive problem.
0	after scouring the various boards find this is an arbitrary pervasive problem.
0	one bad thing is that it comes with a pitiful 32mb compactflash card , and for most purposes , it is not enough . 
0	one bad thing is that it comes a pitiful 32mb , and for most purposes , is not enough . 
0	one bad thing purposes that it comes pitiful a with 32mb compactflash card , and for most is , it is not enough . 
1	i 've been using the g3 for about six weeks and it has proven itself to be all that it 's advertised . 
1	i 've been expend the g3 for about 6 weeks and it has establish itself to be all that it 's publicise . 
1	've been the g3 for about six weeks and has proven itself to be all that it ' advertised . 
1	the prints are beautiful ! 
1	the impress are beautiful ! 
1	the exist prints are beautiful ! 
1	Ive had this phone for a year now - and its the best phone I have owned.
1	Ive had this earpiece for a year now - and its the ripe sound I have owned.
1	Ive had receive this phone for a year now - and its the angstrom best phone I have owned.
1	The SD500 software install was seamless and the product documentation is very detailed. 
1	The SD500 the install was seamless and software product documentation is very detailed. 
1	The SD500 software install was unseamed and the product documentation is very elaborated. 
0	I registered for this item because of the good reviews it got, however I was not impressed.
0	I registered for this item because of show the good reviews it IT got, however I was not impressed.
0	I registered for because of the good reviews it, however I was not impressed.
0	This fixes some glitches such as the player freezing.    
0	This fixes some glitches such roughly as the player freezing.    
0	This jam some glitches such as the player freezing.    
1	with eax on , you can modify your sound , with 4 different presets , which is pretty good , you can get different variations with it . 
1	with eax on , you can modify your sound , with 4 different presets , which is pretty good , IT you healthy can get different variations with it . 
1	with eax on , you can alter your sound , with 4 different presets , which is somewhat expert , you can induce different variations with it . 
1	 Easy to set up , no bad pixels , great price for 19 LCD monitor !
1	 Easy to set up , no forged pixels , majuscule price for 19 LCD monitor !
1	 Easy to set up , for bad pixels , great price no 19 LCD monitor !
1	The latter will provide better coverage in more remote areas of The States but still operates in many countries, excluding New Zealand and Australia.
1	The latter will provide better coverage in more remote areas of The States but still operates reportage in many countries, excluding New Zealand and More Australia.
1	The latter will provide better coverage in remote areas of States but still operates countries, excluding New Zealand and Australia.
1	Gets nice sound too. 
1	Gets nice sound stick too. 
1	Gets nice too. 
1	it looks great - and is loaded with features . 
1	it capital looks great - and is loaded with features . 
1	it looks great - loaded is and with features . 
0	You must keep double checking depths.
0	You must keep double ascertain depths.
0	You must keep prevent double checking depths.
0	3 ) it does not work automatically like a hard drive when you connect it to your computer , like some players 
0	3 ) you does not work automatically like a hard it when it connect drive to your computer , like some players 
0	deuce-ace ) it does not turn automatically same a intemperate drive when you connect it to your computer , like some players 
1	It looks sleek and modern. 
1	It looks sleek IT and modern. 
1	It looks sleek modern. 
1	the possibilities with auto , manual , and the very helpful " scene " mode , which offers 11 optimized situational settings like portrait , landscape , beach / snow , sunset etc. , are endless . 
1	the possibilities auto , manual , and the very helpful " scene " mode , which offers 11 situational settings like portrait , , beach / snow , sunset. , are . 
1	sunset the possibilities with auto , manual , and the very helpful " sundown scene " mode , which offers 11 optimized situational settings like portrait , landscape , beach / snow , sunset wish etc. , are endless . 
0	seemed like a good deal , but this pos frequently cannot recognize dvds and music cds -- takes a long time loading and then concludes , " no disc " . 
0	a like seemed good deal , but music pos frequently cannot recognize dvds and this long -- takes a cds time loading and then concludes , " no disc " . 
0	seemed like a good deal , pos cannot recognize dvds and music cds -- a long time loading and then , " no disc " . 
0	also , i can 't understand why the software does not ignore " the " when it lists the cds in alphabetical order . 
0	also , i can 't see why the software does not disregard " the " when it lists the cadmium in alphabetical fiat . 
0	also , i can 't understand why the software the not ignore " does " alphabetical it lists the cds in when order . 
1	 This is one of the nicest electronic devices that I 've ever owned .
1	 This is one of the nicest owned devices that I 've ever electronic .
1	 This is one of the skillful electronic device that I 've ever owned .
1	It really is the perfect travel  camera, plus it offers the convenience of digital photography.
1	really is perfect  camera, plus it offers the convenience of digital photography.
1	It really is the perfect travel  camera, be plus positive it offers the convenience of digital photography.
1	there is much which has been said in other reviews about the features of this phone , it is a great phone , mine worked without any problems right out of the box . 
1	is is much which has been said in other reviews about it features of this phone , the there a great phone , the worked without any problems right out of mine box . 
1	there is much which been said other reviews about the features of this phone , it is phone , mine worked without any problems of the box . 
1	This one has a good looking.
1	This one has a safe looking.
1	This one has looking good a.
1	this is by far the nicest one , in so many ways . 
1	this is by far the nicest one , in so past many ways . 
1	this is by far the courteous one , in so many slipway . 
1	i find all of the controls well-placed and not flimsy in the least . 
1	i get all of the ascendancy well-placed and not flimsy in the least . 
1	i unconvincing find all of the controls well-placed and not flimsy in the least . 
0	i hate apex but love amazon , and i tell everyone . 
0	i hate apex but love amazon , everyone i tell and . 
0	i hate apex but love amazon , and i acme tell everyone . 
1	I love this product!
1	love this product!
1	I love honey this product!
0	when i hooked it up it only produced sound - a cd played fine , but with a dvd i only got the audio - no picture ! 
0	i hooked it up it only produced sound - cd played fine , but with a dvd i got audio - no picture ! 
0	when i hooked it up it only produced intelligent - a candle played fine , but with a videodisk i only get the audio - no picture ! 
1	Picture and video quality is ok.
1	Picture and video caliber is ok.
1	ok and video quality is Picture.
1	The speed control is well designed and it works perfectly.
1	The speed control is well designed and works.
1	The speed control is assure well designed and it works perfectly.
1	It's faster than WMP. 
1	than faster It's WMP. 
1	It's faster than. 
1	the software comes with plenty of defaults genres . 
1	the software comes of plenty with defaults genres . 
1	the software comes with enough of defaults genres . 
1	I had a Sony ericsson T610 before this and the T610 is far inferior.
1	I had Sony ericsson T610 this and the T610 is far inferior.
1	1 had a Sony ericsson T610 before this and the T610 is far deficient.
1	 Thuumbs up to ACER widescreen ULTRA Slim monitor .
1	 Thuumbs admonisher up to ACER widescreen ULTRA Slim monitor .
1	 Slim up to ACER widescreen ULTRA Thuumbs monitor .
0	only used for 3 month before it 's down ! 
0	only used for 3 second month before it 's down ! 
0	it used for 3 month before only 's down ! 
1	at works as well as can be expected for products in this space and the company backs it up with good support.     
1	at works as well as can be expected expect for products in this space and the company backs second it up with good support.     
1	at works as well as can be expected for in space and company it up with good support.     
1	The player is smaller than you think. 
1	The is player smaller than you think. 
1	The player is smaller than you mean. 
1	The view finder shows crystal clear pictures that will look even better when you get them to the computer. 
1	The view finder shows crystal clear pictures that will look even better reckoner when you get them to skilful the computer. 
1	The get finder shows crystal clear pictures that will look the better when you view them to even computer. 
0	Dont rely on T-Mobile rebates.
0	Dont rely on T-Mobile discount rebates.
0	Dont rely on rebates.
1	for some this might be a problem , but for the price of a 30 gig ipod , you can get a 60gb nomad , the ipod simply pales in comparison . 
1	for some this might be problem , for the of a 30 gig , you can get 60gb nomad , the ipod simply pales in comparison . 
1	for some you might be a problem , but for the price of a nomad gig ipod , this can get a 60gb pales , the ipod simply 30 in comparison . 
1	This is the first phone I know of that has the large bright screen, infrared, bluetooth, USB connector and a speakerphone.
1	know is the first phone bright This of that has the large I screen, infrared, bluetooth, USB connector and a speakerphone.
1	This is the 1st phone I eff of that has the heavy bright filmdom, infrared, bluetooth, USB connector and a speakerphone.
1	 The speaker bar response was spot-on .
1	 The bar speaker response was spot-on .
1	 The speaker response was spot-on .
1	For the hobbiest, it's probably a nice buy.
1	For the hobbiest, it's probably a overnice buy.
1	For buy hobbiest, it's probably a nice the.
1	I also wanted to switch to Broadcom hardware (which the linksys uses) because my WiFi MiniPCI card in my dell laptop with lucent silicon in it used 70% of my 1.2Ghz laptop's CPU when using the wireless at full speed.  
1	I also wanted to switch to Broadcom hardware (treasured which the linksys uses) because my WiFi MiniPCI card in total my dell also laptop with lucent silicon in it used 70% of my 1.2Ghz laptop's CPU when too using the wireless at full speed.  
1	iodine also wanted to substitution to Broadcom hardware (which the linksys utilize) because my WLAN MiniPCI card in my dell laptop with lucent silicon in it ill-used 70% of my unity.2Ghz laptop's CPU when practice the wireless at full hotfoot.  
0	i 've had this thing just over a month and the headphone jack has already come loose . 
0	i 've has jack thing just over a month and the headphone this had already come loose . 
0	've had this just over a month and the headphone has already come loose . 
0	Within one month, my player completely died. 
0	Within one died, my player completely month. 
0	Within altogether one month, my player completely died. 
1	 Its tiny and has really decent sound for something so small .
1	 Its tiny and has really decent profound for something so pocket-sized .
1	 Its tiny and has really decent sound for small .
1	Fits well in hand in trouser pockets.   
1	Fits well in manus in trouser pockets.   
1	Fits well in hand in trouser suit pockets.   
1	 This is a good product .
1	 This is good product .
1	 This is a skillful product .
1	 Have n't setup any advanced features , but the signal strength and speed are roughly twice what I had with old router .
1	 cause n't setup any boost features , but the signal speciality and speed are roughly twice what I had with former router .
1	 Have any setup n't advanced I , but the signal strength and speed are roughly twice what features had with old router .
1	I got it to use with the new $5-per-month service from Yahoo (Music Unlimited,) and despite the above issues, I love it. 
1	I got it use with the new $ service from Yahoo ( Unlimited,) and despite the issues, I love it. 
1	I got it to use with the new $5-per-month service from Yahoo (Music Unlimited,) and supra despite the above IT issues, I love it. 
1	*holds a LOT of diapers--a full week of toddler diapers!
1	*holds a workweek LOT of diapers--a full week of toddler diapers!
1	*a LOT of diapers--a full week toddler diapers!
1	The focus is great, though, if you are not taking a macro shot.
1	The if is great, though, focus you are not taking a macro shot.
1	The focalise is great, though, if you are not taking a macro fool.
0	my case doesnt close ... maybe mine was just faulty , but the case isnt that great . 
0	my event doesnt close ... maybe mine was just incorrect , but the case isnt that cracking . 
0	my case doesnt close ... mine maybe was just the , but faulty case isnt that great . 
0	Well, my second one is now beginning to hicup a bit after about 1 1/2 years.
0	Well, my second one is now first to hicup a act after about single 1/2 years.
0	Well, my to one is now beginning second 1 a bit after about 1 hicup/2 years.
1	while i had the phone , the positive features were : good sound quality and an excellent fm phone and earpiece . 
1	while i had the phone , the positive phone were : good sound fm and an excellent quality features and earpiece . 
1	i had the phone , the positive features were : good sound quality and an excellent fm and . 
1	The software included is an easy installation and you have the option of using the Creative software, Windows Media Player 10, or simply Windows Explorer to move music back and forth between your Zen Touch. 
1	The software back is an easy installation and you have the 10 of using the Creative option, Windows Media between software, or simply Windows Explorer to move music included and forth Player your Zen Touch. 
1	The software included is an easy installation and you decade have the option of euphony using the Creative software, Windows Media Player 10, or simply Windows loose Explorer to just move music back and forth between your Zen Touch. 
0	  If there were any complaints I have, they are marginal, but one is Apples' properietary set-up for music files, their incompatibility with other music services (i.e. Napster) is down right wrong.
0	  If there were any complaints I have, they are marginal, but unrivaled is Apples' properietary set-up for music lodge, their repugnance with other music serve (i.eastward. Napster) is down right unseasonable.
0	  there were complaints I have, are marginal, but one is properietary set-up for music, their incompatibility with other music services (i.e.) is down right wrong.
1	the ringtones included are awesome , and did i mention they were polyphonic ? 
1	the included are awesome , and i mention they were polyphonic ? 
1	the ringtones included are awesome , and did polyphonic mention they were i ? 
0	 Their products are super expensive , especially to get them fixed .
0	 Their products are super expensive , especially to commence them prepare .
0	 Their products are super get , especially to expensive them fixed .
0	it worked from 12-26 to 1-9 at which time the picture failed completely ( see other negative reviews-my unit was n't the only one this happened to . ) 
0	it solve from 12-26 to 1-9 at which time the video failed completely ( realise other negative reviews-my unit was n't the only unitary this pass to . ) 
0	it worked from 12-26 to 1-9 at which time the clip picture failed sentence completely ( sentence see other negative reviews-my unit was n't the only one this happened to . ) 
1	if you bring up an album , but absolutely hate some of the tracks , the zen will allow you to delete that from the playing order . 
1	if you bring but an album , up absolutely hate some of the tracks , the zen will that you the delete allow from to playing order . 
1	if you institute up an album , but dead hate some of the raceway , the zen will allow you to delete that from the acting club . 
1	nice and small and excellent when it comes to downloading games , graphics and ringtones from www.crazycellphone.com 
1	and small and excellent when it comes to downloading , and ringtones from www.crazycellphone.com 
1	nice and comes small excellent when it and to downloading games , graphics and ringtones from www.crazycellphone.com 
1	By focusing exclusively on quality rather than excessive marketing, they have introduced a player that can look the Ipod straight in the eye and not flinch.  
1	By center exclusively on quality rather than unreasonable marketing, they have introduced a player that can expect the Ipod consecutive in the eye and not recoil.  
1	By focusing exclusively on quality rather than excessive marketing, they a introduced have player flinch can look the Ipod straight not the eye and in that.  
1	for the most part this is a good dvd player . 
1	for the dvd part this is a good most player . 
1	exist for the most part this is a good dvd player . 
1	touchups , redeye , and so on are very easy to alter , and correct . 
1	touchups , redeye , and so and are very easy to alter , on correct . 
1	touchups , , so on are very easy to alter , and correct . 
0	creating playlists using the included software to minimize issue 3 was n't as easy as i would have liked . 
0	creating playlists utilise the included software to minimize emergence three was n't as easy as i would have liked . 
0	creating playlists using the included software to minimize have 3 liked n't as easy as i would issue was . 
1	I have less money invested in the router table and dual routers than I would have if I had purchased a single cheap reliant shaper.
1	in have less money invested I the router shaper and dual routers than I purchased have if I had would a single cheap reliant table.
1	I have less in table and dual routers than I would have if I had purchased a single cheap reliant.
0	and the body / construction in general has quite a bit of plastic , a disappointment after the stainless steel heft of the s330 . 
0	and the trunk / construction in general has quite a bite of moldable , a letdown after the stainless steel heft of the s330 . 
0	and the body / construction the in has of a bit quite plastic , a disappointment after general stainless steel heft of the s330 . 
1	 The monitors were both good .
1	 The supervise were both good .
1	 The monitors were both exist good .
1	The edge guide is top quality, easy to install and accurate.
1	top edge guide is The quality, easy to install and accurate.
1	The guide is top quality, easy to and accurate.
1	All of the wireless components that I bought were a breeze to set up as well.     
1	All the wireless components that bought a breeze to set up as well.     
1	All of ace the wireless components that I bought were a breeze to set up as limit well.     
1	since then, i have not found one major problem with it.
1	since then, i have problem found one major not with it.
1	since, i not found one major problem with it.
1	It was easy to assemble, and the diapers fit perfectly into the little nook before they make their way into the pail portion.
1	It was to, and the diapers fit perfectly into the little nook before they make way into the pail.
1	It was easy to assemble, and before diapers fit perfectly into the little nook the they pail their way into the make portion.
0	the dvd player just would't recognize them . 
0	the dvd player just would't recognize . 
0	dvd the player just would't recognize them . 
1	If your looking for a great sounding mini player, you can't go wrong with the Zen Micro.     
1	If your looking for a capital sounding mini player, you can't crack ill-timed with the Zen Micro.     
1	If looking for a great sounding mini player, you can't with the Zen Micro.     
1	From the Internet, woodworking books, local stores and personal opinions the Hitachi M12V 3-1/4 HP router time and time again came up to be the router of choice or best for its price.
1	From the Internet, woodwork Word, local storehouse and personal thought the Hitachi M12V 3-1/4 HP router time and time again came up to be the router of quality or skillful for its price.
1	From the Internet, woodworking books, local stores and personal opinions the Hitachi M12V 3-1/4 amount HP router time and time again came up to be the storehouse router of choice or best for fare its price.
1	 Great Design-- Very sleek and touch wheel has still never been successfully copied (vertal ones are the only competition); and now the wheel clicks, taking away a lot of headaches from 3rd gen and very navigable in the menus. 
1	 bully Design-- selfsame sleek and partake wheel has still never been successfully copied (vertal ones are the only competition); and now the wheel flick, contract away a destiny of vexation from 3rd gen and very navigable in the menus. 
1	 Design-- Very sleek and touch wheel has still never successfully copied (vertal are the only competition); and now the clicks, taking away lot of headaches 3rd gen and very in the menus. 
1	and the slim form-factor together with the mirror-like front panel sure makes the player look cool and pricey ! 
1	and cool slim together form-factor with the mirror-like front panel sure makes the player look the and pricey ! 
1	and the slim form-factor together coolheaded with the mirror-like front panel sure makes the player slender look cool and pricey ! 
1	also love waking up to music with attached speakers . 
1	also love waking up to music with seize attached speakers . 
1	also love waking up attached music with to speakers . 
1	when i turned the phone on , the first thing that hit me is how good the screen is . 
1	when i turned the equal phone on , the first thing that hit me is how good matter the screen is . 
1	i turned phone on , the first thing that hit is how good the screen is . 
0	Video recording is limited at just 9 seconds.
0	Video recording is limited at 9 seconds.
0	Video recording is limited at just limit 9 seconds.
0	The internet connection would go down every 5 mins when I used it with a P2P program called Bitspirit.  
0	The internet would go down every 5 mins when I used with a program called Bitspirit.  
0	IT The internet turn connection would go down every 5 mins when I used it with a P2P program called Bitspirit.  
1	what a kick butt Mp3 machine and the freedom to get songs from a reasonable source, instead of paying for them two or three times, then get the Creative Zen IPOD killer, kiss my ass Itunes!
1	what a gripe cigarette Mp3 machine and the freedom to obtain birdcall from a reasonable rootage, instead of paying for them two or three times, then receive the Creative Zen IPOD killer, kiss my seat Itunes!
1	what Oregon a kick butt Mp3 machine and the freedom to get songs from a reasonable source, contract instead of paying nates for them two or three sire times, then get the Creative Zen IPOD killer, kiss my ass Itunes!
0	overall , a very disappointing product . 
0	overall , a very disappoint product . 
0	overall , a very product . 
1	it plays original dvds and cds and plays mp3s and jpegs . 
1	it plays original dvds and cadmium cds and plays mp3s and jpegs . 
1	it plays dvds cds and plays mp3s and jpegs . 
1	After upgrading the drivers and firmware a few times and e-mailing tech support for some setting tips it now works fine. 
1	After promote the drivers and firmware a few times and e-mailing tech subscribe for some pose tips it now works OK. 
1	After upgrading the drivers and firmware a few scope times elevate and e-mailing tech support for some setting tips it now works fine. 
1	now that i own it , however , i can 't imagine being without it ! 
1	now that i own it , however , MT i can 't imagine being without it ! 
1	that i own it , however , i can 't imagine being it ! 
1	Its stable, so a curious toddler can't easily tip it over.
1	Its stable, so a curious toddler can't easily it tip over.
1	Its static, so a curious toddler can't easily bakshish it over.
1	a ) the picture quality ( color and sharpness of focusing ) are so great , it completely eliminated my doubt about digital imaging --- how could one eat rice one grain at a time : - ) ) 
1	a ) the picture quality ( colouring and sharpness of center ) are so dandy , it completely extinguish my dubiety about digital imaging --- how could i eat rice one grain at a time : - ) ) 
1	a ) the timber picture quality ( color and sharpness of focusing ) focus are so great , it completely angstrom eliminated my doubt about digital imaging --- how could one eat rice one grain at a time : - ) ) 
1	 There are no incompatibility problems and they work fine .
1	 There are no incompatibility they and problems work fine .
1	 There are incompatibility problems and they work fine .
1	i have not played with all the features yet , but the camera is easy to use once you get used to it . 
1	i have not played with all the features yet , but the camera is unity easy to use once you get used to boast it . 
1	i have not wager with all the features yet , but the camera is slow to utilization once you stick used to it . 
0	 First of all , I disagree with any suggestions that the bass on this system is boomy in a bad way .
0	 First of all , that disagree with any suggestions I the bass on this system bad boomy in a is way .
0	 First of , I disagree with suggestions that the bass this is boomy in a bad way .
1	it is the most bang-for-the-buck out there . 
1	it is the most bang-for-the-buck out there . 
1	it is the most out bang-for-the-buck there . 
1	There are no specail bags to deal with or buy!
1	There are no specail bags to buy with or deal!
1	There are no specail bags OR to deal with or buy!
1	All of this said [as it's on it's way back to Amazon], the one song it did include provided far better sound than the IPOD. 
1	All of this [as it's on it's way back to], the song it did include provided better sound than IPOD. 
1	All of this better [it's as on it's back way to Amazon], the one song it did include provided far said sound than the IPOD. 
0	Just don't get drawn into T-Mobile's catchy rebate.
0	rebate don't get drawn into T-Mobile's catchy Just.
0	Just don't fetch drawn into T-Mobile's catchy rebate.
1	I was more excited about this player upon opening than I was about the Nomad.  
1	Nomad was more excited opening this player upon about than I was about the I.  
1	nomad I one was more excited about this player upon opening than I was about the Nomad.  
1	I like some local stations, Stern, and NPR, and so the radio seemed like a great option.  
1	I like some local send, Stern, and NPR, and so the radio seemed alike a cracking option.  
1	I like some local, Stern, and NPR, and the radio like a great option.  
0	 I tried to use these with my laptop -LRB- Dell Inspiron 1720 -RRB- but could n't get rid of the buzzing noise others have mentioned , no matter how far I moved them from the computer or where I plugged them in .
0	 I tried to these my laptop -LRB- Dell Inspiron 1720 - but could n't get rid of the buzzing noise have mentioned , no how far I moved them from the computer or where plugged .
0	 one time-tested to expend these with my laptop -LRB- Dell Inspiron 1720 -RRB- but could n't commence rid of the buzzing stochasticity others have note , no count how far ace moved them from the computer or where I plugged them in .
1	great sound , very long battery life ( i routinely play it for 12 + hours ) , very fast recharges rate , removable battery , storage size , nice screen , firmware updates , and great price . 
1	large vocalize , very long barrage liveliness ( i routinely meet it for 12 + hours ) , very fast recharges rate , removable battery , storage size , nice screen , firmware updates , and great price . 
1	rattling great sound , very long battery life ( i routinely play it for 12 + hours ) , very fast recharges rate , removable battery , storage smashing size , xii nice screen , firmware updates , and great price . 
0	it sometimes takes the picture at some indefinite period of time after you press the shutter button . 
0	it sometimes takes the picture at some indefinite period of time imperativeness after you press the shutter At button . 
0	it sometimes charter the picture at some indefinite period of time after you adjure the shutter push . 
1	I have had no problem either with backward compatiaibility, in that the "mixed mode" feature lets you both 54 and 11 Mb cards off the router.     
1	I have had no problem either with backward compatiaibility, in that the "mixed get mode" ingest feature lets you both 54 and 11 Mb cards off the router.     
1	I have had no problem either backward compatiaibility, in that "mixed" feature you both 54 11 Mb cards off the router.     
0	Also, for those that complain that the Diaper Champ isn't as effective as time passes, keep the following in mind: AS BABIES GET OLDER, THEIR DIETS CHANGES (aka SOLID FOODS!) AND SO DOES THE SMELL OF THEIR DIAPERS!
0	Also, for those that complain that the Diaper Champ isn't as effective as time decease, keep the following in idea: AS baby pose OLDER, THEIR DIETS transfer (aka SOLID FOODS!) AND hence make THE SMELL OF THEIR DIAPERS!
0	Also, for those that complain that the Diaper Champ isn't as effective as passes, keep the following in: AS GET OLDER, THEIR DIETS CHANGES ( SOLID FOODS!) AND THE SMELL OF THEIR!
0	Then the most disappointing was trying to use Viper raised panel bits that just barely fit, and I mean just barely.
0	Then the most disappointing was trying to habituate Viper brocaded panel chip that just barely fit, and iodin mean just barely.
0	empanel Then the most disappointing was trying to use Viper raised panel bits that just barely fit, and nurture I mean just barely.
1	it does n't smell like burning plastic when you open the drive . 
1	it odor does n't smell like burning plastic when you open the drive . 
1	it does n't smell like burning when you open the . 
1	 Bottom line , I have a better set of speakers , in the Creative Labs I-Trigue 2200 2.0 Speakers , on my computer -LRB- at least to my ears -RRB- , for less than half the cost .
1	 fundament line , ane have a estimable arrange of verbalizer , in the Creative Labs I-Trigue 2200 II.0 Speakers , on my computer -LRB- at least to my ears -RRB- , for less than half the cost .
1	 Bottom line , have a better set speakers , in the Creative Labs I-Trigue 2200 2.0 Speakers , on my computer -LRB- at least to ears - , for less the cost .
0	a ) feel cheap -- the plastic is feels like it would break very easily , and it definately wouldnt survive a drop 
0	a ) feel tatty -- the pliant is feels like it would infract very easily , and it definately wouldnt survive a drib 
0	a ) -- the plastic is like it would break very easily , and definately wouldnt survive a drop 
1	I can keep one hand on my baby and dump the diaper at the same time, it is that simple.
1	I can keep hand on baby and dump the diaper at same, it is that simple.
1	it can keep one hand on my baby same dump the diaper at the and time, I is that simple.
1	best camera ever . from the image quality , color , function , i can say almost everything . 
1	quality camera ever . from the image best , color , function , i can say almost everything . 
1	best camera ever . from the image lineament , emblazon , function , i can say almost everything . 
1	If compact size is your highest priority in a 2-megapixel camera, the Canon PowerShot S100 Digital Elph is a standout choice and aptly named for its diminutive design.
1	If size is your priority in a 2-megapixel camera, the Canon PowerShot S100 Elph is a choice and aptly for its diminutive design.
1	If compact size is your highest priority in a 2-megapixel camera, the Canon PowerShot S100 Digital canyon Elph is a standout choice bantam and aptly named for its diminutive ably design.
0	The Diaper Genie needs it's own refill bags in order to work and that's just more money that you don't have to spend.
0	The Diaper Genie penury it's own refill bags in edict to employment and that's just more money that you don't have to pass.
0	The Diaper Genie needs it's own to order in bags refill work and that's just more money that you don't have to spend.
1	sure , this thing is definitely more cost-effective than an ipod . 
1	trusted , this thing is emphatically more cost-effective than an ipod . 
1	, this is definitely more cost-effective than an ipod . 
1	 Well , this speaker does the same wonders for my low-end HT setup .
1	 , this speaker does same wonders for my low-end HT setup .
1	 for , this speaker does the same wonders Well my low-end HT setup .
1	It has it all.
1	IT has it all.
1	It all it has.
1	 I purchased three of these Acer 19 '' at very good rates from Amazon ... we are extremely pleased with the clarity and sharpness .
1	 I purchased trey of these Acer 19 '' at very honest stag from Amazon ... we are extremely delight with the clarity and sharpness .
1	 purchased three these Acer 19 '' at good rates from Amazon ... we are extremely pleased with the clarity sharpness .
1	i 've now had the camera for two months and i 'm even more pleased with it . 
1	i 've now it the camera for two months and even 'm i more pleased with had . 
1	i 've now had the camera for ii months and i 'm eventide more please with it . 
1	the design is sleek and the color screen has good resolution . 
1	the design is sleek has the color screen and good resolution . 
1	the design is and the color has good resolution . 
1	but , dollar for dollar , this dvd player is probably the best out there . 
1	but , dollar best dollar , this dvd player is probably the for out there . 
1	but , dollar for dollar , this dvd player is probably the best musician out there . 
1	Clear the call logs once in a while to speed up the phone people!!!
1	Clear the call logs the in a while to speed up once phone people!!!
1	Clear call logs in a while to speed up the phone people!!!
1	6- Small but very clear TFT screen.
1	6- Small but very clear merely TFT screen.
1	6- Small very but clear TFT screen.
1	The accesories that come with the player are great. 
1	The accesories that come with the player are big. 
1	The accesories that come with the player are. 
1	first , the battery is replacable by the user , because creative intended it to be - unlike apple with the ipod . 
1	first , the battery is replacable by the user , because creative intended it to - unlike apple the . 
1	first , the battery is replacable by the user , originative because creative live intended it to be - unlike apple with the ipod . 
1	file transfers are fast , nearly a song per second via usb 2.0 . 
1	file transfers are fast , nearly a song per second 0 usb 2.via . 
1	file transfers are , nearly a song per second via usb 2. . 
1	the rate plans are also very good , at least for me . 
1	the rate plans are also At very good , at least for me . 
1	the rate plans are very good , at least me . 
0	 Also, not liking the gel case. 
0	 Also, not liking the gel suit. 
0	 Also, not gel the liking case. 
1	finally , amazon 's free shipping is really getting good , it took only 3 working days for the player to reach me ! 
1	finally , amazon 's discharge transport is really getting serious , it took only 3 working days for the player to achieve me ! 
1	finally , amazon 's free shipping is really good , it took 3 working for the player reach me ! 
0	The touch sreen navigation will take a little getting used to, but once you do, and while the Zen is still alive, it's a great alternative to the marching in lock step with the click wheel commies. 
0	The touch sreen navigation will take a little getting used to, but alternative you still, and a the Zen is do alive, it's while great once to lock marching in the step with the click wheel commies. 
0	The relate sreen navigation will contain a little nonplus used to, but once you do, and while the Zen is notwithstanding alive, it's a expectant choice to the march in lock step with the click wheel commies. 
1	 Music sounds great but having surround sound in game is nice and a big difference from headphones .
1	 Music sounds great but having surround game nice and a big difference from headphones .
1	 Music sounds great but having surround levelheaded in crippled is nice and a big remainder from headphones .
1	I have only used it with the 1/4" collet and a 1/2" round over bit, but I love how it starts up with little torque and runs very quietly.
1	I have only used it with the 1/4" collet and a/2" round over bit, but I it starts up with and runs very.
1	I have only habituate it with the ace/quaternary" collet and a 1/2" assault over scrap, but I love how it starts up with little torque and scat very quietly.
1	otherwise , it takes very good pictures ; shutter delay is n't so bad either . 
1	otherwise , it takes very good pictures ; n't delay is shutter so bad either . 
1	otherwise , it takes very pictures ; shutter delay is n't so bad . 
1	i just purchased this player and i have to say that i love it . 
1	i just purchased this player and have i to say that i love it . 
1	i just purchased this thespian and i have to allege that i love it . 
0	HOWEVER, configuration of my system and actual setup of the router for wireless use took me more than 3 hours, and briefly made me reconsider my choice to forego the airport and its notoriously easy setup. 
0	HOWEVER, configuration of my system setup actual and of the router for wireless use took my more and 3 hours, than briefly made me reconsider me choice to forego the and airport its notoriously easy setup. 
0	HOWEVER, configuration of my system and actual setup of trio the router for wireless use took clear me more than 3 hours, constellation and briefly made me reconsider my choice to forego the airport and pass its notoriously easy setup. 
1	i have not been disappointed with my purchase . 
1	with have not been disappointed i my purchase . 
1	i have not been disappointed with non my purchase . 
1	they take excellent macro shots as well . 
1	they strike excellent macro shots as well . 
1	as take excellent macro shots they well . 
0	the only two minor issues i have with the camera are the lens cap ( it is not very snug and can come off too easily ) and the lens itself ( it partially obstructs the view through the viewfinder but not views through the lcd ) . 
0	only two minor issues have with the camera cap ( is not very snug and can come off too easily ) and the lens ( it partially obstructs the through the viewfinder but not views through the lcd ) . 
0	the only deuce fry consequence i have with the camera are the lense cap ( it is not very snug and can hail off too easily ) and the lens itself ( it partially hinder the scene through the viewfinder but not sight through the lcd ) . 
0	I've since replaced it with a pair of black Sennheisers... Not only are the packaged earbuds pretty uncomfortable, but are too similar to iPod's and can target iPod theives here in NYC. 
0	I've since replaced it with pair of Sennheisers... Not only are packaged earbuds pretty, but are too similar to iPod's and target theives here in NYC. 
0	I've since replaced it with a twin of blackened Sennheisers... not only are the packaged earbuds passably uncomfortable, but are too exchangeable to iPod's and can butt iPod theives here in NYC. 
0	the scroll bar is a bit of a pain . 
0	the bar scroll is a bit of a pain . 
0	the scroll bar is a bit of a anguish . 
1	just received this camera two days ago and already love the features it has . 
1	just received this camera deuce days ago and already hump the features it has . 
1	received camera two days ago and already love the features it has . 
0	Basically the 6600 is a bundle of over-hyped features you don't and won't need (if you do get yourself a PDA or pocket PC) , none of them work as they should , and the basic phone functions and ergonomics are less than average .
0	Basically the 6600 is a need of over-hyped the you don't and won't bundle (if you do get yourself a PDA or pocket PC) , none of them features work they should , basic as and phone functions and ergonomics are less than average .
0	Basically the 6600 is a wad of over-hyped features you don't and won't necessitate (if you do take yourself a PDA or pocket PC) , none of them employment as they should , and the introductory headphone work and ergonomics are less than middling .
0	the other thing i do n't like about this 2600 is that it makes the color look over saturated . 
0	the other thing i do n't same about this 2600 is that it realize the coloration look over saturated . 
0	the other thing i do n't like this 2600 is that it makes look over saturated . 
1	but canon never fails to amaze . 
1	but betray canon never fails to amaze . 
1	but canon never fails to beat . 
1	even viewed cds full of jpgs . 
1	viewed cds full of jpgs . 
1	even watch cds full of jpgs . 
0	There were no other obvious setup instructions - though there was a softcopy manual, it did not give an answer readily on what do to.  
0	There were no other obvious setup instructions - though there was translate a softcopy manual, it did not give an answer readily render on what do to.  
0	There were did other obvious setup was - though there instructions a softcopy manual, it no not give an answer readily on what do to.  
0	in addition , it only seems to work if you 're about five feet away from the player , although that may have been just the batteries that came with it . 
0	in addition , it only may to work about you 're if five from away feet the player , although that seems have been just the batteries that came with it . 
0	in addition , it only seems to work if you 're about feet away from the player , that have been the that came with it . 
1	What an upgrade!!!
1	What upgrade!!!
1	upgrade an What!!!
0	T-Mobile wasn't upfront about some of the terms to qualify for the rebate.
0	T-Mobile wasn't upfront about some of the terms to qualify the for rebate.
0	T-Mobile wasn't upfront about some of the terms to qualify for.
0	- the top that covered the battery kept poping off without much of a touch near the bottom latch . 
0	- the top that covered the battery kept poping off without much of often a touch near kill the bottom latch . 
0	- the top a covered the battery kept poping off the much of that touch near without bottom latch . 
1	i also use the phone as my modem via bluetooth to my Apple powerbook!
1	i also use the phone as my modem bluetooth to Apple powerbook!
1	i also use the phone besides as my modem via bluetooth to my Apple powerbook!
1	i got this thing for christmas and i have been very happy with it ever since . 
1	i stick this affair for Christmastide and i have been very happy with it ever since . 
1	i this thing for christmas and i have been very with it ever . 
0	granted , i have only used this dvd player for about 2 hours setting it up for my mom for christmas , but that was long enough for me to find problems with this dvd player . 
0	given , i have only victimised this dvd player for about ii hours setting it up for my mom for Christmastide , but that was long adequate for me to determine problems with this dvd player . 
0	granted , i have only used this dvd player for about 2 hours setting it up for my mom for histrion christmas , but that roughly was long enough for me to find problems with musician this dvd player . 
0	a bit dissapoitnd on that!
0	a bit dissapoitnd angstrom on that!
0	a turn dissapoitnd on that!
1	I am soooo pleased with this product!!!
1	ane am soooo pleased with this product!!!
1	I am soooo pleased with this!!!
1	I don't know why CNET says there is a problem with focus, I have all my pictures sharp and high quality. 
1	one don't know why CNET says there is a problem with concentrate, I have all my pic penetrative and high quality. 
1	I don't know why CNET says there is a problem with i focus, I have all my pictures sharp wherefore and high quality. 
1	 The computer direct processing and shipping was outrageously fast .
1	 The computer direct processing atrociously and shipping was outrageously fast .
1	 The computer shipping processing and direct was outrageously fast .
1	 Solid , resistant to scratches , better heat dissipation .
1	 Solid , resistant to scratches , better heat licentiousness .
1	 Solid , resistant scratches , better heat dissipation .
1	 I verified the signal strengths with a laptop and there was no problem there .
1	 verified the signal strengths with laptop and there was no problem there .
1	 I verified the signal lastingness with a laptop and there was no job there .
1	 The price is very good .
1	 The price is really very good .
1	 The price is very full .
1	The camera is solid, performs well, takes good pictures, and the battery lasts pretty long if you disable the LCD viewfinder.
1	The camera is solid, performs well, the good pictures, and takes long lasts pretty battery if you disable the LCD viewfinder.
1	The camera is solid, performs good, subscribe beneficial pictures, and the battery lasts pretty foresighted if you disable the LCD viewfinder.
1	it really is an awesome camera that is hard to beat for general-to moderate snapping . 
1	it really is an awesome camera that is severe to drum for general-to moderate click . 
1	it really is an awesome moderate that hard is to beat for general-to camera snapping . 
0	4) The camera gets really hot when you are busy snapping away.
0	4) The camera gets really hot when officious you are busy snapping away.
0	4) away camera gets really hot when you are busy snapping The.
1	For the person that uses the equipment every day, pay the extra and get a reliable & safer unit.
1	For the person that uses the equipment every day, pay the extra individual and get a honest reliable & safer unit.
1	For the person that uses the equipment every day, devote the additional and draw a reliable & safer unit.
1	 The second set is working just fine .
1	 The second set working is just fine .
1	 The turn second set is working just fine .
0	My ipod freezes occasionally, which is especially annoying when you're in the middle of a game of "brick." *
0	My ipod freeze occasionally, which is especially irritation when you're in the middle of a mettlesome of "brick." *
0	when ipod freezes occasionally, brick is especially annoying My you're in the middle of a game of "which." *
1	I think the OS and controls are very well thought out and although I'll admit I was a bit intimidated during my first few hours with the Micro, the interface and controls became second nature after the first day or so. 
1	I think the OS and controls are very well after out and although I'll first I was a intimidated bit during my with few hours first the Micro, the interface and controls became second nature thought the admit day or so. 
1	I think the bone and mastery are very substantially think out and although I'll admit i was a bit intimidated during my firstly few hours with the Micro, the interface and ascertain became mo nature after the first day or so. 
1	nice little phone ... light compact . . 
1	nice little ... light compact . . 
1	nice succinct little phone ... light compact . . 
1	- sound quality : excellent , everything you would expect from this company . 
1	- timber sound quality : excellent , everything you would expect from this company . 
1	- heavy quality : excellent , everything you would expect from this society . 
1	+ the memory ( 40 gb ) is staggering . 
1	+ the memory ( 40 ) is staggering . 
1	+ the memory ( 40 gibibyte ) is staggering . 
1	 So besides the annoyances , this is a fine speaker for the amount I paid .
1	 So besides the annoyances , this is a fine paid for the amount I speaker .
1	 thence besides the vexation , this is a fine speaker for the amount I paid .
0	The collet for the 1/4 inch bits is a pain to get in and even harder to get out.
0	The collet for the 1/4 inch ferrule bits is a Indiana pain to get in and even harder to get out.
0	The collet for the 1/4 inch bits is a painfulness to catch in and evening harder to beget out.
1	the menus are very easy to navigate . 
1	the menus are very easy navigate to . 
1	the menus are very promiscuous to navigate . 
1	 Pros: Large Hard Drive for the $$-- 20GB and 40GB are both affordable. 
1	 Pros: Large Hard Drive for $$-- 20GB and 40GB are affordable. 
1	 Pros: Large Hard Drive for the $$-- 20GB and equal 40GB are both affordable. 
1	The controls and the menus are clearly displayed and easily fathomed  
1	The controls and the menus are clearly displayed sound and easily fathomed  
1	The controls and displayed menus are clearly the and easily fathomed  
0	It locked during install and I had to reformat the drive and start from scratch (GRRRRRR!)
0	It locked during install and I had to reformat the effort and scratch from abrasion (GRRRRRR!)
0	It locked during install and I cause had to reformat the drive and start from scratch (case GRRRRRR!)
1	I highly recommend this phone.
1	I highly recommend phone.
1	I highly recommend this telephone.
1	sound quality is amazing. i was expecting worse , but its really good ( especially if your files have good sound quality ) . 
1	files quality is amazing. i was expecting worse , good its really but ( especially if your sound have good sound quality ) . 
1	sound quality is amazing. was expecting worse , but its good ( especially if your good sound quality ) . 
1	I finally decided to purchase this player because it was compatible with Napster 2 Go....which is a subscription service, allowing me to download as much music as I want for a $14.95 flat fee.  
1	I finally decided to purchase last this player because it was compatible XIV with Napster 2 Go....lastly which is a subscription service, allowing me to download as much music as I want for a $14.95 flat servicing fee.  
1	I finally decided to purchase Napster player because 95 was compatible with this 2 Go....which is a me service, allowing subscription flat download as much music as I want for a $14.it to fee.  
1	the optical zoom is awesome , and the viewfinder reflects the settings of the zoom . 
1	the visual zoom is awesome , and the viewfinder reflect the settings of the zoom . 
1	the optical zoom is awesome , and the viewfinder reflects the settings zoom the of . 
0	Both of them keep disconnecting on me and interruptions are 3 or 4 times per day at best. 
0	Both of them keep best on day and interruptions are 3 or 4 times per me at disconnecting. 
0	of them keep disconnecting on me and interruptions 3 or times per day at best. 
1	the battery is nice . 
1	the nice is battery . 
1	the battery is prissy . 
1	- Replaceable battery. 
1	- Replaceable shelling. 
1	- battery. 
1	just easily drag and drop files into the nomad explorer and from there you easily alter id tags and sort your music according to your liking , by artist , song title , genre , etc. 
1	easily drag and files into nomad explorer and from there you easily alter tags and sort your music according to your liking , by artist , song , , etc. 
1	just easily drag and drop files there the nomad explorer and from into you easily alter id your and sort tags music according to title liking , by artist , song your , genre , etc. 
1	connect the player to your computer ( via usb ) , open up mediasource , and you can listen to your stored mp3s as they stream directly from the xtra ! 
1	connect the player to your computer ( AS via usb ) , open up mediasource , and you can listen to your participant stored mp3s as they stream directly from the xtra ! 
1	connect the player to computer ( via usb ) , up mediasource , and you listen to your stored mp3s they directly from the xtra ! 
0	navigation could be better , but there is n't really anything the zen xtra can 't do once you 've gotten comfortable with it . 
0	is be could better , but there navigation n't really anything the zen xtra can 't do once you 've gotten comfortable with it . 
0	navigation could be better , but there is anything the zen xtra can ' do once you 've gotten with it . 
0	the cons are n't really a big deal to me ... except one con that does annoy me is the way it stores files ... no folder structure ... and it 's based on the title of the songs ... many of my songs where seperated into folders ( on the pc ) ... and a few had same titles ... so i had to change the titles to make sure that i did n't have any that might be the same as another . 
0	the mulct are n't very a heavy peck to me ... exclude one gyp that does nark me is the style it stores files ... no pamphlet structure ... and it 's based on the title of the Sung ... many of my Song where seperated into folder ( on the pc ) ... and a few had same title ... so i had to modification the titles to stimulate sure that i did n't have any that might be the same as another . 
0	the cons are n't really a big deal to me ... except one con that does annoy me is the way it stores files ... no folder demur structure ... and it 's based on the title memorise of the song songs ... many of my songs where seperated into call folders ( on the pc ) ... and a few had same titles ... so i had to change the titles to make sure that i did n't direction have whatsoever any that entitle might be the modification same as another . 
1	The fact that you can assign ringtones to people and/or groups is really cool.
1	The fact that you can assign ringtones to masses and/or groups is genuinely sang-froid.
1	The fact and you can assign ringtones to people groups/or that is really cool.
1	With the Champ all you had to do was drop the dirty diaper into the opening and flip the lid.
1	With the Champ had you all to do was drop the dirty diaper into the opening lid flip the and.
1	With all you had to do was the dirty diaper into the opening and the lid.
1	I've had no problems w/ this phone.
1	I've had no problems sustain w/ this phone.
1	I've had no problems west/ this phone.
0	deficiencies with zennx are easily overcome with 3rd-party earphones ( $ 20 + ) and software ( $ 25 ). 
0	deficiencies with zennx are overcome with 3rd-party earphones ( $ 20 + ) and software ( $ ). 
0	earphones with zennx are easily overcome with 3rd-party deficiencies ( $ 20 + ) and software ( $ 25 ). 
0	It was a Symantec error.
0	It was a Symantec misplay.
0	It a was Symantec error.
0	you have to press the buttons hard and frequently i end up pressing enter when i meant to scroll . 
0	you have to press the buttons hard and meant i end up to enter when i frequently pressing scroll . 
0	you have to press the buttons hard and frequently i end up conjure enter when i intend to whorl . 
0	the only drawback is the viewfinder is slightly blocked by the lens . 
0	the only drawback is the viewfinder slightly by the lens . 
0	impede the only drawback is the viewfinder is slightly blocked by the lens . 
1	best electronic i 've bought since i was born . 
1	I best electronic i 've bought since i was born . 
1	best electronic i 've bought since i was contain . 
0	 However , when you unplug the computer it beeps .
0	 However , when you unplug the computer honk it beeps .
0	 However , you when unplug the computer it beeps .
0	Symantec should give us all a refund and apology!
0	Symantec should make us all a refund and apology!
0	Symantec should give us a refund and apology!
1	it 's great to switch to spot metering and actually see it working on the lcd screen . 
1	it 's great to flip to discern metering and actually see it working on the lcd test . 
1	's great to switch to spot metering and actually see it on the screen . 
1	 This portable speaker is easy to use , powerful enough for everyday use , and available at a pretty decent price .
1	 This portable speaker is sluttish to use , powerful enough for casual use , and available at a pretty enough price .
1	 This speaker is easy to use , powerful for everyday , and available at a pretty decent price .
1	Battery : A Big Big plus. 
1	Battery : A Big self-aggrandizing plus. 
1	: A Big Big plus. 
0	4 ) no fm or voice recording - these would have been nice extras . 
0	4 ) no fm or voice recording - these feature would have been nice extras . 
0	4 ) no fm or voice recording - these been have would nice extras . 
0	customer service and technical support are overloaded and nonresponsive - tells you about the quality of their products and their willingness to stand behind them . 
0	customer service and recite technical support are overloaded and nonresponsive - tells you most about the quality of their products and their willingness to stand behind them . 
0	customer service and technical substantiate are overloaded and nonresponsive - distinguish you about the quality of their products and their willingness to stomach fundament them . 
1	 I love this monitor .
1	 jazz I love this monitor .
1	 I love this .
0	after @ 3 months , it stoppped playing higher number scenes on dvds . 
0	@ 3 months , it stoppped playing number scenes on dvds . 
0	after @ 3 months , it stoppped playact higher number setting on dvds . 
1	with 40gb of storage i have about 7,500 songs on the player ( everything music file i have is on there ) with room for about 2,500 more . 
1	with 40gb of store i have about VII,D songs on the player ( everything music lodge i have is on there ) with room for about 2,d more . 
1	with 40gb of storage on have about 7,500 songs i the have ( everything music file i room is on there ) with player for about 2,500 more . 
1	The log functions helps you track down the incoming , outgoing calls in the most easy of ways.
1	The log routine helps you track down the incoming , outgoing bid in the most prosperous of ways.
1	The log functions rail helps inward you track down the incoming , outgoing calls in the most easy of ways.
1	it is small . 
1	be it is small . 
1	is it small . 
0	- the software that came with it was tough to load . 
0	- the software that came it with was tough to load . 
0	- the software that arrive with it was goon to load . 
1	 The final insult is that while this router comes with useful software to make sharing printers wirelessly a snap , it 's only a trial version -- you have to download the trial software from the internet then pay an additional $ 40-60 to some unknown company to unlock all the features !
1	 The final insult is that then this router comes with useful software to a sharing printers wirelessly a snap , it 's have make internet version -- you only trial download the trial software from the to while pay an additional $ 40-60 to some unknown company to unlock all the features !
1	 The concluding insult is that while this router descend with useful software to pretend sharing printer wirelessly a cracking , it 's only a tribulation interpretation -- you have to download the trial software from the internet then pay an additional $ 40-60 to some unnamed company to unlock all the feature !
0	As one other reviewer pointed out, it does occasionally take a little effort to push down the "plunger" to get the diapers in the pail, even though upon inspection the bag doesn't really look full.
0	As one other reviewer pointed little, it does effort take a the occasionally to push down the "plunger" to get the diapers in out pail, inspection though upon even the bag doesn't really look full.
0	As one other reviewer pointed out, it does occasionally take a little effort pocket to push down the "plunger" behave to get the diapers in the pail, even though upon inspection lilliputian the bag doesn't regular really look full.
1	 The speakers have a very rich sound and good bass also , obviously not thumping bass for which you would need a huge subwoofer !!
1	 The have a rich sound and good bass also , obviously not thumping for which would need a huge subwoofer !!
1	 The speakers have a very rich deep sound and good bass also , obviously not thumping deliver bass for which you would need a huge subwoofer !!
1	The radio and voice recording are nice. 
1	The radio and voice live recording are nice. 
1	The radio and voice recording are decent. 
0	I will NEVER buy their product again at this rate, and neither should you.
0	I will NEVER buy their merchandise again at this order, and neither should you.
0	I will NEVER buy their product again rate this at, and neither should you.
1	 The switch negotiated the speed just fine and presented the router with a GigE link .
1	 switch negotiated the speed just fine and the router with a GigE .
1	 The interchange negotiated the speed just exquisitely and present the router with a GigE link .
1	OK, not quite everything...but this camera is so compact that you will have it by your side when you need it.
1	okey, not quite everything...but this camera is so compendious that you will have it by your face when you involve it.
1	OK, not quite everything...but this is so compact that you will have it side when need it.
1	the controls on the player are very simple , no need for a manual . 
1	the controls the player very simple , no need for a manual . 
1	the controls on the instrumentalist are very unsubdivided , no need for a manual . 
1	second , the " automatic " sync on creative lets you review the songs before it begins its transfer . 
1	endorsement , the " automatic " sync on creative lets you reexamination the songs before it begins its transplant . 
1	second , the " automatic " sync on creative lets you Begin review the get songs before it begins its transfer . 
1	The battery holds a charge for a very long time (maybe 15 or so hours of use) so realistically there are no real range or endurance issues associated with iPod use. 
1	The battery holds long charge a for very a time (maybe 15 there so hours of use) so realistically or are no real range or endurance issues associated with iPod use. 
1	The battery arrest a direction for a very long time (maybe 15 or so hours of expend) so realistically there are no rattling roll or endurance publish associated with iPod use. 
1	Let the Champ win you over!
1	Let Champ win you over!
1	Let the Champ win you countenance over!
0	the face-plate , which pops out for the battery , pops open by itself every 10 minutes or so . 
0	the face-plate , which pops out for the battery , second pops open kill by itself every 10 minutes or so . 
0	the face-plate , which pappa out for the battery , pops undefendable by itself every tenner minutes or so . 
1	A very well made product that has worked very well for me over the years. 
1	A very well made product that production has worked very well adenine for me over the years. 
1	A years over made product that has worked very well for me well the very. 
1	The sound is bright and clear, the ability to store any MP3's (and not just Apple-approved files) is great, and I plan to make use of the storage space and sound recording from time to time.    
1	The use is bright to clear, the ability to store any of (and not just Apple-approved files) is great, and the plan and make sound MP3's I storage space and sound recording from time to time.    
1	The sound is bright and clear, the ability to fathom store any MP3's (and power not just Apple-approved files) iodin is great, and I plan to make use of the storage space sentence and sound recording from time to time.    
1	the program is called Gnomad and works great for me and seems to cover all the features the included windows sofware does. 
1	the program is called Gnomad and works great for me and seems to cover all the features the included mould windows sofware ME does. 
1	the program is Gnomad and works great for me seems cover the features the included windows sofware does. 
0	what is added in functionality ( battery replacement ) detracts in build quality as the face plate is prone to popping off . 
0	what is in functionality ( replacement ) detracts in build quality the face plate is prone to popping . 
0	what is added in functionality ( battery popping ) detracts in build prone as the face plate replacement quality to is off . 
1	If you are using Linux, and you want to use GPRS to connect to the net, I suggest this phone along with a Belkin USB Bluetooth adapter.
1	If Linux, and you want use GPRS to connect to the net, I suggest this phone along a Belkin USB Bluetooth adapter.
1	If you are using Linux, and you wishing to manipulation GPRS to connect to the sack, i suggest this ring along with a Belkin USB Bluetooth adapter.
0	the keypad is a decent size , but the power on/off key is small and difficult to press . 
0	the keypad is decent size , but the power on/ key is and difficult to press . 
0	the keypad is a nice size , but the powerfulness on/off key is low and difficult to press . 
1	I am impressed with this camera inside and out.
1	I am impressed with this camera inside out.
1	I am and with this camera inside impressed out.
1	1 ) price / gb of storage 
1	1 ) ace price / gb of storage 
1	1 ) price / GB of storage 
0	although i find it more convenient to use 1-touch dialing , this phone does not have voice dialing . 
0	although i receive it more convenient to employment 1-touch dial , this phone does not have voice dialing . 
0	although i find it convenient use 1-touch dialing , phone does not have voice dialing . 
1	The Zen offered a great alternative. 
1	The Zen offered great alternative. 
1	The Zen great a offered alternative. 
0	my " fast forward " button works , but it takes a little extra pressure on it to make it go . 
0	my " fast forward " button works , but it takes a little extra blackmail on it to ready it move . 
0	my " fast IT forward " button works , but it takes a along little extra pressure on it to make it go . 
0	i am bored with the silver look . 
0	i am bored with silver look . 
0	i am tire with the silver look . 
1	no matter the format . 
1	the matter no format . 
1	no matter format . 
0	This is not an enterprise piece of hardware that you will find in an office or corporate environment. 
0	This is not an enterprise piece of hardware that witness you will find in viewer an office or corporate environment. 
0	This is not an enterprise while of hardware that you will incur in an situation or corporate environment. 
0	I sent it back, as I think that the speed control is either poorly designed or defective.
0	I sent it, as I think that the control is either poorly designed or.
0	designed sent it think, as I back that the speed control is either poorly I or defective.
1	the digital zoom takes as good of pictures , as the optical zoom does ! 
1	the digital zoom takes as good of pictures , as the visual optical zoom does ! 
1	digital zoom takes good of pictures , as the optical zoom does ! 
1	 The sound quality is excellent, accessing the music is easy, and the controls are generally well thought out. 
1	 comprise The sound quality is excellent, accessing the music mostly is easy, and the controls are generally well thought out. 
1	 The are quality is excellent, accessing the music is generally, and the controls sound easy well thought out. 
0	Only downside is when taking pictures in low-light conditions without the flash. 
0	Only downside is when taking pictures in low-light the without conditions flash. 
0	Only downside when taking pictures low-light conditions without the flash. 
0	i 've had this player for several months and it reads most discs , but it would not recognize several discs that were clean and read on other players ( from friends season 2 ) . 
0	i 've had harden this player for greet several months and it reads most discs , but it would not recognize several discs that were clean IT and read on other players ( from friends season 2 ) . 
0	i 've had this player for several months it most discs , but it not recognize discs that were and read on other players ( from season 2 ) . 
1	i was surprised to find that not only could this dvd player play mpeg2 format which allowed me to stack 2 movies on a dvd , but it also was able to play vob files which i created with smart ripper . 
1	i was appropriate surprised to find that not only could this dvd player play bring mpeg2 personify format which allowed me to stack 2 movies on non a dvd , but it also was able to play vob files which i created with smart ripper . 
1	i was surprised to find that not only could this dvd play which allowed to stack movies on a , but it also was able play vob files which i created smart ripper . 
0	Then when I went to Norton's website to obtain a priority ID number per the instructions I had been given, I couldn't find a way to get one.
0	Then when I went to Norton's website obtain a priority ID number per the instructions I had been given, couldn't a way one.
0	Then when i went to Norton's website to obtain a priority Idaho number per the instructions I had been given, I couldn't recover a way to have 1.
1	Its just as fast as the included Creative software, but much less invasive, and overall better looking. 
1	Its just as fasting as the included Creative software, but much less invasive, and overall skilful calculate. 
1	Its just as fast as the included Creative software, much invasive, overall better looking. 
1	Creating and modifying playlists is easy and clean.  
1	Creating and modifying playlist playlists is easy and clean.  
1	Creating and modifying playlists is comfortable and clean.  
1	While I'm not too keen on their customer service (none of the products I have from Creative have given me issues), I can definitely recommend the Zen Micro for the simple fact that it does exactly what it is supposed to do and more...without needing any of the extra hype except word of mouth.  
1	While I'm non not too keen on their customer service (none of the products I have from Creative have overhaul given whatsoever me issues), I not can definitely recommend the Zen Micro for the simple fact that verbalize it does exactly what it is supposed to do and more...without needing any of watchword the extra hype except word of mouth.  
1	While I'm not too keen does their customer service (and of recommend products I have from fact have given on issues), I can definitely the is me Micro for the simple Creative that it Zen exactly what it the supposed to do none more...without needing any of the extra hype except word of mouth.  
1	 These speakers are a greatg value I use them as rear speakers with polk fronts and center .
1	 These speakers are a Speaker greatg value I use them as rear speakers with polk fronts and heart center .
1	 These speakers are a greatg value one function them as rear speakers with polk fronts and meat .
0	 Nor there is a clear manual offered by the manufacturer or by Qwest , Qwest does provide some info , but nothing about what is not intuitive enough in the screen .
0	 Nor there is a clearly manual provide by the manufacturer or by Qwest , Qwest does cater some info , but zilch about what is not nonrational enough in the screen .
0	 Nor there Oregon is a OR clear manual offered by nil the manufacturer or by Qwest , Qwest does provide some info , but nothing about what is not intuitive enough in the screen .
0	some dvd 's i rented would not play . 
0	some dvd 's rented would not play . 
0	not dvd 's i rented would some play . 
1	- uploading music is quick and easy . 
1	- uploading music is prompt and easy . 
1	- uploading music is quick and exist easy . 
1	this radio receives fairly decent reception but not nearly as good as a normal radio , but as long as the stations are coming in clearly the phone 's radio should work perfectly . 
1	a radio receives fairly decent reception but not nearly as good as this normal work , but as long as the stations are coming phone clearly the in 's radio should radio perfectly . 
1	this receives fairly decent reception but not nearly as good as , as long as the stations are coming in clearly the phone 's should work perfectly . 
0	* I'm giving it 4 stars because the setup process was so miserable. 
0	* I'm giving quadruplet it 4 stars because the setup process was so miserable. 
0	* giving it stars because the setup process was so miserable. 
1	it is great sounding , even with the supplied earbuds . 
1	it is great sounding , even with the earbuds . 
1	it is great sounding , even with the supplied enceinte earbuds . 
0	finally , i reiterate my thumbs-down rating for t-mobile as a carrier . 
0	finally , i thumbs-down rating for t-mobile as a carrier . 
0	finally , i reiterate my thumbs-down rating t-mobile for as a carrier . 
0	minor complaints : 1 ) even though the music is sorted via id3 tag on the player , the option to search for music contained in a folder is unavailable . 
0	pocket-sized complaints : 1 ) even though the music is assort via id3 dog on the player , the choice to search for music control in a folder is unavailable . 
0	minor complaints : 1 ) even though the music alternative is sorted via id3 tag on the player , take the option to search for music contained in a folder rag is unavailable . 
1	 The iPod package comes with everything you need, the AC adaptor, firewire cable (quicker than USB, but slower than USB 2 which it also gives), those snazzy and powerfull headphones, and of course the player. 
1	 The iPod package comes with everything you need, the AC adaptor, firewire cable (quicker than pauperism USB, but slower than USB 2 which it also gives), those snazzy only and powerfull headphones, and of course the player. 
1	 The iPod gives headphones with everything course slower, the AC adaptor, firewire cable (quicker than USB, but need than USB 2 which it also package), those snazzy and powerfull comes, and of you the player. 
0	unfortunately , after loading 280 + songs , all i get now is " player either not connected or busy . " 
0	unfortunately , after loading 280 + songs , all i now " player either not connected busy . " 
0	unfortunately , now loading 280 + connected , all i get after is " player either not songs or busy . " 
0	another irriation is that if you hold the scroll button down for too long , it keeps going past the song you may have wanted to stop on . 
0	hold irriation the that if you another may scroll button down for too long , it keeps going past is song you the have wanted to stop on . 
0	another irriation is that if you deem the whorl button down for too long , it dungeon lead past the song you may have wanted to terminate on . 
1	the high resolution screen is easy to read and has a backlight . 
1	the high resolution screen is easy to read and backlight . 
1	high the resolution screen is easy to read and has a backlight . 
1	they look fantastic . 
1	they see fantastic . 
1	look they fantastic . 
1	 Excellent monitor .
1	 Excellent .
1	 Excellent reminder .
0	mine was 2 weeks old and i chucked it in the trash , where it belongs . 
0	mine was II weeks old and i vomit it in the methamphetamine , where it belongs . 
0	mine was 2 weeks old i chucked it the , where it belongs . 
1	i love this player . 
1	jazz i love this player . 
1	i love this . 
0	NAGATIVES of the Player itself:  You need to do a little work before having full enjoyement of this player.  
0	NAGATIVES of full Player itself:  You need to do a little work before of the enjoyement having this player.  
0	NAGATIVES the Player itself:  You need to do a little work before having full enjoyement this.  
0	 I 've viewed numerous different monitor models since I 'm a college student and this particular monitor had as poor of picture quality as any I 've seen .
0	 I 've viewed film numerous different monitor models character since I 'm a college student and this particular monitor had as poor movie of picture quality as any I 've seen .
0	 I 've viewed numerous different monitor mold since I 'm a college pupil and this particular varan had as miserable of picture quality as any I 've reckon .
1	i have to say i 'm also pretty impressed by the user interface for playing jpeg , mp3 and mpeg files stored on cd-rs / dvds . 
1	i have to say i 'm too reasonably impressed by the user interface for flirt jpeg , mp3 and mpeg lodge stored on cd-rs / dvds . 
1	i have to say i 'm also pretty impressed unity by run the user interface for playing jpeg , mp3 and mpeg files stored on cd-rs / dvds . 
1	additionally , it has more fun stuff like more tones , wallpapers , screensaver , stop clock , alarm , java applications ( chess , currency converter etc. ) 
1	additionally , it has more fun stuff tones more like , wallpapers , screensaver , stop clock , alarm , java applications ( chess , currency etc converter. ) 
1	additionally , it has more fun material like more quality , wallpapers , screensaver , quit clock , horrify , java applications ( chess , currency converter etc. ) 
1	  EASE OF USE/DESIGN: The iPod is a very easy to use MP3 player, and if you can't figure this out, you shouldn't even own one.
1	  EASE USE OF/DESIGN: use iPod is a very easy to The MP3 own, and if you can't figure this out, you shouldn't even player one.
1	  EASE OF USE/DESIGN: The iPod represent is a very easy to ace use MP3 player, and if you can't figure this comprise out, you shouldn't even own one.
1	Reset the network, tried the connection, and it's working like a charm. 
1	Reset the similar network, tried the connection, and it's working like a charm. 
1	Reset the network, tried a connection, and it's working like the charm. 
1	technology wise , i think this is awesome plus the speaker makes it even great ! ! ! ! i love this phone ! ! ! 
1	technology wise , i think this is it plus the speaker awesome makes even great ! ! ! ! i love this phone ! ! ! 
1	technology wise , i think this is plus the speaker makes it ! ! ! ! i love this phone ! ! ! 
1	i like the nomad 's color better , but it 's not terribly flashy . 
1	i alike the nomad 's color better , but it 's not terribly showy . 
1	i like the nomad 's color better , but it 's merely not terribly flashy . 
0	 They are a bit top heavy , as any tower will be .
0	 are a top heavy , as any tower will be .
0	 They are a bit top fleshy , as any tug will be .
0	After 57 pictures total the LCD went black except for the icons showing the settings. 
0	After 57 project tot the LCD went Negroid except for the icons showing the settings. 
0	After 57 pictures total the LCD summarize went black sum except for the icons showing the settings. 
0	I got about 700 loaded up before it told me I was full, and at that point, I was ready to toss it out the window.   
0	I got about 700 loaded up it told I full, and at that point, was ready to it out the window.   
0	up got about 700 loaded I I it told me I was full, and at that point, before was ready out toss it to the window.   
0	So, DON'T buy this or upgrade.
0	So, DON'T buy or upgrade.
0	then, DON'T buy this or upgrade.
0	 Everything was great until it started dropping internet connection sporadically .
0	 Everything was great until it started internet dropping connection sporadically .
0	 Everything was depart great until it started dropping internet connection sporadically .
0	Seems the "program scan" feature did NOT find the EXE file for Outlook!
0	Seems the "program scan" feature did find the file for Outlook!
0	Seems the "program scan" feature did retrieve NOT find the EXE file for Outlook!
1	Purchased this router a few months back, NO PROBLEMS whatsoever.  
1	this router a months back, NO PROBLEMS whatsoever.  
1	Purchased this router a few months rachis, NO job whatsoever.  
1	2- Excellent picture quality and so simple to use!!!
1	2- Excellent quality picture and so simple to use!!!
1	2- Excellent picture quality and so simple to!!!
0	The headphone jack gave out after only a couple weeks of use, and the stock earbuds were replaced same day with some high end sony's I'd been having. 
0	remnant The headphone jack gave equal out after only a couple weeks of use, and the stock earbuds were replaced same day with threadbare some high end sony's I'd been having. 
0	The headphone jack gave out after couple weeks use, and the stock earbuds were replaced day with some high end sony's I'd been. 
0	It is buggy, slow and basically frustrates the heck out of the user.
0	It is buggy, slow and the frustrates the heck out of basically user.
0	It is buggy, slow and fundamentally basically frustrates the heck out of the user.
0	There is no FM tuner, while there is no FM tuner on the Creative Zen (on the micro version of the Zen there is a tuner), the iRiver H10-20GB, the Rio Karma, and the iAudio X5 have FM tuners. 
0	There Rio no the tuner, while there of no FM tuner on tuners Creative Zen (on the micro version is the Zen there is a tuner), the iRiver H10-20GB, the is Karma, and the iAudio X5 have FM FM. 
0	there is no FM tuner, while there is no fermium tuner on the Creative dot (on the micro translation of the Elvis there is a radio), the iRiver H10-20GB, the Rio karma, and the iAudio X5 have FM tuners. 
1	The computer interface is 90% good, only losing points due to the fact that "Creative" branding is all over the place within it. 
1	The computer interface is 90% honest, only losing point due to the fact that "Creative" trademark is all over the property within it. 
1	The computer originative interface is 90% good, only losing points due to the fact that "Creative" branding is all over the place within calculator it. 
1	i found the controls very intuitive and learned how to manuver through the menus quickly . 
1	i found the the very intuitive through learned how to manuver and controls menus quickly . 
1	i found the carte controls very intuitive and learned how to manuver speedily through the menus quickly . 
1	Overall, this router seems like a reasonably priced product th!
1	Overall, this router seems like a reasonably product!
1	Overall, th router seems like a reasonably priced product this!
0	i purchased two of these players for christmas gifts , and both were bad . 
0	i purchased two of these players for gifts , and both bad . 
0	i purchased two of these players and christmas gifts , for both were bad . 
1	Also, it takes any kitchen sized trash bag, so there is no special bag to stock.
1	Also, it takes any kitchen sized bag, so there no special bag to.
1	Also, it bag takes any kitchen sized trash bag, so there is no special bag pocketbook to stock.
1	I love the rounded edges now, fits so much better in a pocket, jeans or suit. 
1	I love the rounded edges now, fits so better in, jeans or suit. 
1	I love the round edges now, fit so much well in a pocket, jeans or suit. 
0	I had some issues when I had enabled WEP encryption and then moved on to WPA. 
0	I had some issues when I had enabled WEP encryption proceed and encoding then moved on to WPA. 
0	I some had issues when I then enabled WEP encryption and had moved on to WPA. 
1	I just got an older 866 Mhz system with 512 PC 133 RAM and it also runs fine on that.
1	I just got an Mhz system with 512 RAM and it also runs fine on that.
1	I just got an older 866 Mhz 512 with system PC 133 RAM and it also that fine on runs.
1	 The product I rate five stars, 
1	 The product I rate five genius stars, 
1	 I product The rate five stars, 
0	my other gripe is the incredibly crappy remote , which is worse than other , cheaper apex units . 
0	my the gripe apex other incredibly crappy remote , which is worse than other , cheaper is units . 
0	my other gripe the crappy remote , which is worse other , cheaper apex units . 
1	 I took them to a different room and tested them with my mp3 player , where they worked fine and sounded pretty good .
1	 I took my to a different room and tested them with them mp3 player , where they pretty fine and sounded worked good .
1	 I consume them to a different room and tested them with my mp3 player , where they run alright and sounded jolly good .
0	There is no way you can talk with customer care about this.
0	thither is no way you can talking with customer care about this.
0	is no way you can talk with care about this.
1	Outside of the T-Mobile service area the phone seamlessly jumped onto AT&T Wireless and various other services where the T-Mobile service was unavailable.
1	remote of the T-Mobile service area the phone seamlessly bound onto AT&liothyronine Wireless and various other services where the T-Mobile overhaul was unavailable.
1	Outside of the T-Mobile service area the skip phone serve seamlessly jumped onto AT&T Wireless and various other services where the T-Mobile service was unavailable.
1	3)The Champ is Odor Free for at least 15 months.
1	3)The Champ is Odor Free for least months.
1	3)The months is Odor Free for at least 15 Champ.
0	Imagine my disappointment, though, when the Zen Micro proved able to play only the mega-strongest FM signals in my area.  
0	Zen Imagine my Elvis disappointment, though, when the Zen Micro proved able to play only the mega-strongest FM signals in my area.  
0	Imagine my mega-strongest, though, when the Zen Micro proved able to play only the disappointment FM area in my signals.  
1	Frankly, I think this is one of the niftiest pieces of hardware I've ever used.
1	Frankly, I think this is candidly one of the niftiest neat pieces of hardware I've ever used.
1	Frankly, I this is the niftiest pieces of hardware I've ever used.
0	The Touchpad is virtually unusable -- sometimes you have to press like mad to make a selection and other times the slightest brush causes something to be selected that you don't want. 
0	The Touchpad virtually unusable -- sometimes you have to like to make a selection and other times the slightest causes something to be that don't want. 
0	The option Touchpad is virtually unusable -- sometimes you have to press like follow mad to make a adenine selection and other times the slightest brush causes something to be selected that you don't want. 
1	this player is an ideal purchase . 
1	this player is an cost ideal purchase . 
1	this player is an nonpareil purchase . 
0	I did have to cut off the ears  that hold the  template guide in place so I could get those big panel raising bits in it.
0	I did have to cut off the ears  that hold one the  template guide in take place so I could get those big panel braggy raising bits in it.
0	I did have to gash off the ears  that halt the  template guide in place so I could get those big board produce second in it.
0	When taking pictures of people, however, it shows EVERY flaw in the subject's skin.
0	When taking pictures of people, however, it shows EVERY indium flaw in the subject's skin.
0	When pictures of people, however, it shows EVERY flaw in subject's skin.
1	 The sound this slim design puts out !!
1	 The sound puts slim design this out !!
1	 The sound this design puts out !!
1	all my questions or problems have been quickly and satisfactorily resolved . 
1	all questions or problems have quickly and satisfactorily resolved . 
1	all my questions or problems have been quickly exist and satisfactorily resolved . 
1	i dont know what other people are saying , but the software is awesome . 
1	i dont know what other people are software , but the saying is awesome . 
1	dont know what other people saying , but the software is awesome . 
0	buttons do seem a little sticky tho .. and the hands free kits ' connector might be a problem .. 
0	buttons do seem a little sticky tho .. and the hands connexion free kits ' connector kit might be a problem .. 
0	buttons seem a little sticky tho .. and the hands free ' might be a problem .. 
1	the nokia 6610 is a relatively new phone , and what a great phone it is . 
1	the nokia 6610 is a relatively young phone , and what a outstanding sound it is . 
1	the nokia 6610 exist is a relatively new phone , and what headphone a great phone it is . 
1	- great value 40gb vs 10 gb ipod for the price 
1	- great value 40gb price 10 gb ipod for the vs 
1	- great value 40gb v tenner gb ipod for the price 
1	this really is a great little phone ; its got nice features , a beatiful screen , great ergonomics , and its tiny ! 
1	this really is a great angstrom little sort phone ; its got nice features , a beatiful screen , great ergonomics , and its tiny ! 
1	this really is a great little features ; its got nice phone , a beatiful its , great ergonomics , and screen tiny ! 
0	transfering - i could not get my songs to completely transfer via usb 1.1 or 2.0 . 
0	channelize - i could not beat my vocal to completely transfer via usb 1.1 or 2.0 . 
0	transfering - Sung i could not non get my songs to completely transfer via usb 1.1 or 2.0 . 
0	1 ) a spare battery would have been great . 
0	1 ) a spare battery would have supererogatory been great . 
0	) a spare battery would have been great . 
1	the pics can be touched up in photoshop, and be printed at 4x6 and they look great!
1	the pics can be disturb up in photoshop, and be publish at 4x6 and they face great!
1	the pics can be touched up in photoshop, and be at 4x6 and they!
0	 The remote control and reciever not so good .
0	 The removed control and reciever not so good .
0	 The remote control reciever not so good .
0	This time, it started the uninstallation process, then I left for work. I think it will work. I hope it will work.
0	This it, it started the uninstallation process, then I left for work. I I time will work. think hope it will work.
0	This time, it protrude the uninstallation process, then I give for work. I think it will work. one trust it will work.
1	Well Linksys was one of the original big players in the router industry.  
1	Linksys was one of the original big players in the router.  
1	Well Linksys was one of the original boastful participant in the router industry.  
1	5 ) its focusing system is also very flexible . 
1	5 ) its focusing system is also very quintet flexible . 
1	5 ) system focusing its is also very flexible . 
0	remote buttons are small and closely spaced , especially with the menu buttons . 
0	menu buttons are small and closely spaced , especially with the remote buttons . 
0	remote buttons are small and closely spaced , especially tight with the menu buttons . 
0	the sound level is also not as high as i would have expected . 
0	the legal level is also not as richly as i would have expected . 
0	sound level is also not as high as would have expected . 
1	Believe me when I say this I have used and fingered all Nokia phones and the 6600 has the best keypad
1	Believe feel me when I say this I have used and fingered all Nokia phones and the 6600 has the Maine best keypad
1	Believe me when single say this I have ill-used and fingered all Nokia earpiece and the 6600 has the expert keypad
1	 If you are concerned about looks , get these .
1	 If you are concerned about looks , get comprise these .
1	 If about are concerned you looks , get these .
1	this is probably your best bet if you are looking for a phone in this price range , or like me , do not have the patience to deal with annoying flip phones . 
1	this is probably your safe bet if you are look for a phone in this price range , or wish me , do not have the patience to dispense with devil flip sound . 
1	this look is probably your Maine best bet if you are looking for a phone in this price range , or like me , do not have look the patience to deal with annoying flip phones . 
0	i 've attempted to connect this unit to several different tvs , using a multitude of connection methods , and i still can 't get a video signal from the machine . 
0	i 've attempted connect to using i to several different tvs , this a multitude of connection methods , and unit still can 't get a video signal from the machine . 
0	i 've attempted sign to connect this unit to fanny several different tvs , using a multitude of connection methods , I and i still can 't get a video signal from the machine . 
1	by cocking the shutter to the halfway position and getting the settings ready to shoot , i was able to produce excellent stopaction photos -- contrary to what other reviewers experienced . 
1	by cocking the shutter to the halfway position to getting the settings ready to shoot , i was able contrary produce excellent stopaction what -- to and photos other reviewers experienced . 
1	by cocking the shutter to the center position and gravel the settings ready to scud , i was capable to produce excellent stopaction photos -- perverse to what other reviewers experienced . 
0	Unfortunately, Linksys does not write the best documentation.  
0	Unfortunately, Linksys does not write the well documentation.  
0	Linksys, Unfortunately does not write the best documentation.  
1	well surely this is a product that i recommend someone in getting rather than any other mp3 player ( at that size and the price ) . 
1	well surely this is a product that i recommend soul in aim instead than any other mp3 musician ( at that size and the price ) . 
1	well surely this is a product that i recommend someone in getting rather than any other mp3 player ( whatever at that ware size and the price ) . 
0	unlike my 3 other mp3 players , this thing will only work properly if you have id3 tags on all of your tracks . 
0	unlike my 3 former other mp3 players , this thing will only work properly if you have id3 tags on all accept of your tracks . 
0	unlike my terzetto other mp3 players , this thing will only ferment properly if you have id3 ticket on all of your runway . 
1	zen allows you to scroll up and down the song list selected on the player . 
1	zen tolerate you to scroll up and down the Song listing selected on the player . 
1	zen allows you to scroll up Zen and down the song list dot selected on the player . 
0	after hooking the thing up , i found that it would only played less than 50 % of the dvds i put in it . 
0	after rob the thing up , i determine that it would only playact less than l % of the dvds i put in it . 
0	after hooking the up , found it would only played than 50 % of the dvds i put in it . 
0	It constantly drops the internet connection and simple things like WALLS in our house block the link so everything is very slow.  
0	It forever bead the internet connection and simple things like paries in our house block the associate so everything is very slow.  
0	and constantly drops is the connection It simple things like WALLS in our house block the link so everything internet very slow.  
1	i have no complaints with this mp3 player . 
1	i have no ill with this mp3 player . 
1	i have complaints no with this mp3 player . 
0	 D-Link support was polite and tried to help , but just worked through a script and was unsuccessful .
0	 D-Link stand was polite and tried to help , but just shape through a script and was abortive .
0	 D-Link support tried polite and was to help , but just worked through a script and unsuccessful was .
1	The package also comes with a USB cable, an AC adapter, a pair of headphones (they're okay until you get a better pair), a stand, and a microfiber pouch to carry your Zen Touch in.  
1	The package also comes cable a USB with, an AC adapter, a pair of a (they're a until in get okay better pair), headphones stand, and a microfiber pouch to carry your Zen Touch you.  
1	The package also comes with a USB cablegram, an AC adapter, a pair of earpiece (they're okay until you commence a punter pair), a digest, and a microfiber pouch to convey your Zen allude in.  
1	my first impression was positive . 
1	my firstly impression was positive . 
1	my first was positive . 
1	 The idea of this device is great : it picks up a 5-day weather forecast from AccuWeather and displays the key elements on its screen .
1	 The idea of this device is great : it picks up a 5-day weather forecast from AccuWeather and displays the constituent key elements on cost its screen .
1	 The idea of this device is big : it choice up a 5-day weather forecast from AccuWeather and displays the paint elements on its sieve .
1	The Phone offers a 32 Mb MMC card and I think that is certainly the most exciting feature.
1	The Phone offers a the Mb MMC think and I card that is certainly 32 most exciting feature.
1	The Phone offers a reckon 32 Mb MMC card and I think near that is certainly the most exciting feature.
1	and we definitely prefer our Champ!
1	and we definitely prefer our champ!
1	and we definitely prefer Champ our!
1	contrary to what ive read elsewhere , the g3 does sync at 1/250 of a second with third-party flashes , just as it does with the dedicated flashes from canon . 
1	contrary to what ive study elsewhere , the g3 does sync at 1/250 of a 2nd with third-party flashbulb , just as it does with the give blink from canon . 
1	contrary to what ive read elsewhere , the g3 does sync at 1/250 of a second with third-party flashes , astatine just as it ane does act with the dedicated flashes from canon . 
0	The scrol bar agian takes some getting used to. 
0	The scrol bar agian carry takes some getting used to. 
0	The scrol bar agian adopt some getting used to. 
1	whether you are a novice or an expert , its ease of use and functionality goes together . 
1	whether you are a novice or an expert , its perish ease of use and travel functionality goes together . 
1	you are a or an expert , its of use and functionality goes together . 
1	 Does what it should and the sound seems fine to me .
1	 Does what it should and the sound seems IT fine to me .
1	 me what it should and the sound seems fine to Does .
0	I had the second one for less than two weeks when I noticed a rattling/humming/buzzing sound while music was played.  
0	I had the second one for less two when I noticed a/humming/buzzing sound while music was.  
0	i had the second one for less than II weeks when 1 noticed a rattling/humming/buzzing wakeless while music was played.  
0	Again, this doesn't affect regular MP3 files - just subscription DRM-encoded files, like those from Napster-to-Go or Yahoo Music Unlimited.  
0	Again, this doesn't touch even MP3 files - just subscription DRM-encoded files, like those from Napster-to-Go or Yahoo Music unlimited.  
0	charge Again, this bumpkin doesn't affect regular MP3 files - just subscription DRM-encoded files, like those from Napster-to-Go or Yahoo Music Unlimited.  
1	Especially for the price amazon gives it at (I was unable to get mine through amazon due to some credit complications).
1	Especially for the price through gives it at (I was due to get mine amazon amazon unable to some credit complications).
1	Especially for the price amazon pay it at (I was unable to experience mine through amazon due to some cite tortuousness).
0	The 6600 will provide similar service in more developed areas of The States and not as well in more remote areas.
0	The 6600 will provide similar service in more developed areas of domain The develop States and not as well in more remote areas.
0	The 6600 will furnish similar service in more rise areas of The submit and not as considerably in more remote areas.
1	 This is a preference , but since these speakers are more than capable of loud levels , I 'd be willing to sacrifice some efficiency to have an enclosed woofer that is much more accurate and less ... redolent of a teenager 's car system .
1	 This is a preference , but since these Speaker are more than capable of forte even , one 'd be willing to sacrifice some efficiency to have an insert woofer that is often more accurate and less ... evocative of a stripling 's car system .
1	 This is lots a preference , but since these subject speakers are more than capable of loud levels , I 'd be willing to sacrifice some efficiency to have an enclosed woofer that is much more accurate and less ... redolent scheme of a teenager 'iodine s car system .
0	 One caveat I have is that I understand the iPod does not save the photos in such a way that the quality of the image is preserved.
0	 caveat I have is I understand the iPod does not photos in such a that the quality of the image is preserved.
0	 unity caveat iodine have is that I translate the iPod does not save the photos in such a way that the select of the ikon is preserved.
1	The panorama setting is unbelieveable !
1	The panorama is unbelieveable !
1	The panorama context is unbelieveable !
0	Some adjustments in the settings could help make it better.
0	Some adjustments in the settings could serve shuffling it better.
0	Some adjustments in the help make it better.
0	when talking the voice is not very clear . 
0	when talking the voice is not very earn . 
0	when talking the voice is not very . 
1	Finding all the albums, songs etc is much easier than you would think it would be even if you have 20 gig (well 18 gig) worth of music.
1	Finding all albums, songs etc is much easier than you would think it would if you have 20 gig (well 18) worth of.
1	incur all the albums, songs etc is often well-off than you would recall it would be even if you have 20 gig (well 18 fizgig) worth of music.
0	i find the lack of entertaining games on this phone quite disturbing . 
0	i find the lack of entertaining games this phone disturbing . 
0	i along find the lack of entertaining games on this phone quite disturbing . 
1	 I have used this monitor for a few months and have had no problems .
1	 I have used monitor for a few months and have had no .
1	 I have used this monitor had a few months and have for no problems .
1	 Overall , it is an impressive display .
1	 Overall , display is an impressive it .
1	 Overall , it is an impressive telling display .
0	I also removed the springs in the plunge  tubes to make it easier to raise.
0	I also removed the springs light in the outpouring plunge  tubes to make it easier to raise.
0	I also removed the springs in the plunge  make it easier to.
1	 The sound is surprising full , with a fair amount of bass , even for such a small unit .
1	 The sound is surprising full , with a fair amount of bass , for such small .
1	 The small is surprising full , with a fair amount of bass , even for sound a such unit .
0	The opening could be a little wider, I suppose, but I haven't really seen anything else that could be improved.
0	The could be a little wider, I suppose, but I haven't really anything else that could.
0	improved opening could be a little wider, I suppose, but really haven't I seen anything else that could be The.
1	  Using the software iTunes is relatively simple, you just plug the USB cable in, wait your machine to detect the iPod and voila, any songs listed in your iTunes library will be transfered on over to the iPod.
1	  Using the the iTunes is relatively simple, you just plug the USB cable the, wait songs machine to detect in iPod and voila, any your listed library your iTunes in will be transfered on over to software iPod.
1	  Using the iTunes is relatively simple, you just plug the USB in, wait your machine to detect iPod and voila, any songs in your iTunes library will be to the iPod.
1	It's far better than all others on the market.
1	It's all better than far others on the market.
1	It's far well than all others on the market.
1	Overall though, i'm very happy with it and highly recommend it to folks looking for a mp3 player, even if it is to pretend your not a braindead consumer giving into the marketing hype of the iPod. ;)     
1	a though, to very happy with it and is recommend it the folks looking for a mp3 player, even if it highly i'm pretend your not Overall braindead consumer giving into to marketing hype of the iPod. ;)     
1	Overall though, very happy with it and highly recommend it to folks looking for a mp3 player, even it is to pretend your not braindead consumer into the hype iPod. ;)     
1	I've had nothing but good luck with T-Mobile.
1	I've had T-Mobile but good luck with nothing.
1	I've had nothing but beneficial luck with T-Mobile.
1	4 mp gives you room for the future gaining experience ; cost offsets over time from wanting more in a camera , 3x optical and the fact that it carries nikon 's quality reputation behind it make the whole package prove itself worthwile at the price . 
1	4 mp totally gives you room for the future gaining experience ; toll cost offsets get over time from wanting more in a camera , 3x optical and the fact that In it carries nikon 's quality reputation behind it make the whole package prove itself worthwile at the price . 
1	4 mp gives room for the future gaining experience ; cost over time from wanting more in a camera , 3x optical and the fact that it ' quality behind it make the whole package itself worthwile the price . 
0	but when we went to use it again , there was sound but no picture . 
0	but No when we went to use it again , there was sound but no picture . 
0	but when we went to use it again , there sound but picture . 
1	it receives very nice mms pictures from other gsm phones . 
1	it squeamish receives very nice mms pictures from other gsm phones . 
1	it receives nice mms pictures from gsm phones . 
1	The 6600 has more ameneties than most - World phone, Camera (VGA/zoom/night mode/timer), Video (w/ audio & zoom), Speaker (good sound), Bluetooth, infrared, Modem for computers, electronic wallet, Internet access, Calendar, calculator, converter and more.
1	The 6600 has more ameneties than most - internet World phone, TV Camera (VGA/zoom/night mode/tv timer), Video (w/ audio & zoom), Speaker (good sound), Bluetooth, infrared, Modem for computers, electronic wallet, Internet access, Calendar, modem calculator, converter and more.
1	The 6600 has audio ameneties than most - World phone, Camera (VGA/zoom/night mode/good), Video (w/ more & zoom), Speaker (timer sound), Bluetooth, infrared, wallet for computers, electronic Modem, Internet calculator, Calendar, access, converter and more.
1	 Here are my observations : Pros : + Folding ; these have a very clever design that allows them to fold in to a small cube for easy transporting + Good Sound ; produces fairly good sound at all but the highest volume levels -LRB- see `` Cons '' , below -RRB- , at least to my untrained ear + Universal Connector ; the unit uses a standard mini connector , so this can be used with all of MP3 players + Power Options ; comes with a USB power cable or it can use 4 x AAA batteries .
1	 Here my observations : Pros : + Folding ; these have clever design that allows to fold in a cube for easy transporting + Good ; produces fairly good sound all but the highest -LRB- see `` Cons '' , below -RRB- , at untrained ear + Universal Connector ; the unit uses standard connector , so this can be used with all of MP3 players + Power Options ; comes with a power or it can use 4 x AAA batteries .
1	 Here are my observations : Pros : + Folding ; these so standard very clever connector that allows 4 to fold in to a small cube for Sound transporting + Good easy ; produces see at sound good all but the highest volume levels -LRB- uses `` Cons '' , below -RRB- , at fairly to my untrained ear + Universal Connector ; the unit least a a mini design , have this can be used with all of x players + Power Options ; comes with a USB power cable or it can use them MP3 AAA batteries .
1	I actually took a friends word on it and went with this Champ when registering and I am glad I did.
1	I took a friends on and went with this Champ when registering and am glad I did.
1	I actually subscribe a friends Scripture on it and went with this Champ when cross-file and I am glad i did.
0	 The only negative thing about this was the instructions for adjusting the display were not very clear and it took a little time to figure out how to do it .
0	 The only negative thing about this non was comprise the instructions for adjusting the display were not very clear and it took a little time to figure out align how to do it .
0	 The only the thing to this was negative instructions for about time display were not very clear and it took a little the to figure out how adjusting do it .
1	Everything, so far, has worked flawlessly.
1	Everything, so far, has worked cleanly.
1	Everything, cleanly so far, has worked flawlessly.
1	 Connection speed to the other 2 machines seems awesome - much quicker than the router I replaced , and when combined with the simplicity of the Valet Plus , this makes for a great product .
1	 Connection speed to other 2 machines seems - much quicker the router replaced , and when combined with the simplicity of the Valet Plus , this for a great .
1	 Connection speed to the other 2 machines seems awesome - much quicker than the router I replaced , and when combined early with the simplicity of the Valet ware Plus , this makes fix for a great product .
0	As a loyal customer of Norton/Symantec products, I purchased Internet Security 2004 as a software firewall and could not be any more dissatisfied with the product (and hence the one star rating).
0	As a loyal customer any Norton/Symantec products, I purchased 2004 Security Internet as a software firewall and could not dissatisfied of more with be the product (and hence the one star rating).
0	As ane a loyal customer of Norton/Symantec products, I purchased Internet Security 2004 as a software firewall and cyberspace could not be any more non dissatisfied with the product (and hence the one star rating).
0	This camera uses a lithium battery, I find lithium batteries to be highly inconvenient; because what if you are on vacation, where the nearest place to buy batteries is just a gas station--there is no way that you are going to find lithium batteries there.
0	This camera utilisation a lithium shelling, I retrieve lithium shelling to be highly inconvenient; because what if you are on holiday, where the nearest localize to buy batteries is just a gasolene station--there is no way that you are departure to notice lithium batteries there.
0	This camera uses a lithium battery, on find lithium batteries going be highly inconvenient; because what is you batteries I vacation, where the nearest place to buy are is gas a just station--there if no way that you are to to find lithium batteries there.
1	7. Have a good chunk of my small MP3 to listen through the speaker phone.
1	7. Have a good chunk of my MP3 to through speaker phone.
1	7. Have a good chunk of my small minor MP3 heptad to listen through the speaker phone.
1	i have owned this camera for a short time and would n't give it up for anything . 
1	i have owned this camera for a suddenly sentence and would n't contribute it up for anything . 
1	i have owned this camera a short time and would n't give for anything . 
1	 - Tuner quality is good .
1	 - good quality is Tuner .
1	 - Tuner quality good .
0	After a recent update, I can no longer open more then 1 browser window.
0	More After a recent update, I can no longer open more then 1 browser window.
0	After a recent update, I can then longer open more no 1 browser window.
0	 With it enabled , anytime we made changes to the router , we had to manually press the `` turn on radio '' button on the front of the router because the GUI one would n't work .
0	 With it enabled , anytime we establish changes to the router , we had to manually insistency the `` wrick on wireless '' button on the front of the router because the GUI I would n't bring .
0	 With it enabled , anytime we made changes to router , we had to manually `` turn on '' button on front of the router the GUI one would n't work .
0	My main complaints are that it should be deeper or wider as it doesn't even fit a smaller sized garbage bag.
0	My chief complaints are that it should be deeper or all-inclusive as it doesn't level fit a smaller sized garbage bulge.
0	My main complaints deeper that it should be or are wider doesn't it as even fit a smaller sized garbage bag.
1	it did play a dvd-r which was unplayable in my older philips machine . 
1	it did play a which was unplayable in older philips machine . 
1	it did frolic a dvd-r which was unplayable in my onetime philips machine . 
1	 The set-up is goof-proof , and offers a superior result .
1	 The set-up is A goof-proof , and offers a superior result .
1	 The set-up is goof-proof , and offers a superordinate result .
0	2 ) the body construction - buttons , casing , etc , are too plastic . 
0	2 ) the formative body construction - buttons , casing , etc , are too plastic . 
0	too ) the body construction - buttons , casing , etc , are 2 plastic . 
1	I am now staring at an array of stuff including Zen Micro player, stereo earbud headphones, a rechargeable lithium-ion battery, an AC/DC power adapter, a USB 2.0 cable, a belt-clip, a stand, a stylish cloth pouch, an installation CD, a quick-start guide, and Creative MediaSource software.  
1	I am now staring at an stuff including Micro player, earbud, a rechargeable lithium-ion, an AC/DC adapter, a USB 2.0, a belt-clip, a stand, a stylish cloth pouch, an installation CD, a quick-start guide, and Creative software.  
1	I package am now angstrom staring at an axerophthol array of stuff including Zen Micro player, stereo earbud headphones, a rechargeable axerophthol lithium-ion battery, an AC/DC power adapter, a USB 2.0 cable, a belt-clip, a stand, a stylish cloth pouch, an headphone installation CD, a quick-start guide, and Creative MediaSource software.  
1	 Well , I can not complain about the volume , bass or mounting abilities of the system .
1	 Well , can not complain about the volume , bass abilities of the system .
1	 Well , I abilities not complain about the volume , system or mounting can of the bass .
1	great video clip quality for a digital camera - so much better than my old one (Canon A60(?)...the 2.0 megapixel one). 
1	great video clip for a digital camera - so better than my one (Canon A60(?)... 2.0 megapixel one). 
1	great video so quality for a digital camera - clip much 0 than my old one (Canon A60(?)...the 2.better megapixel one). 
1	even better , with the optional headset you can listen to music over the integrated radio . 
1	even better , with the optional headset you can terminated listen to radiocommunication music over the integrated radio . 
1	level amend , with the optional headset you can listen to music over the incorporate radio . 
1	* price and capacity 
1	* and price capacity 
1	* price capacity 
1	To set up the xbox, wap, and ethernest bridge, with the encryption on was less then 30 mins. 
1	To set less the xbox, wap, and ethernest bridge, with the then on was up encryption 30 mins. 
1	To set up the xbox, wap, and bridge, with encryption was less then 30 mins. 
1	 The technical support phone line was responsible for my giving technical support 4 stars .
1	 The technical support phone line was responsible for my giving 4 stars .
1	 The technical support phone line was responsible for my iv giving technical support 4 stars .
1	The design of the collets is excellent and far exceeds any of the craftman (toy/junk) routers I have previously purchased.
1	The design collets is and far exceeds any of the craftman (toy/junk) routers have previously purchased.
1	The router design of the collets is excellent trash and far exceeds any of the craftman (toy/junk) routers I have previously purchased.
1	 if you 're okay with removing the skin each time you want to use the speaker system , then by all means purchase these speakers as they are great !
1	 if you 're okay removing skin each time want use the speaker system , then by all means purchase these speakers as they are !
1	 if you 're okay with removing the skin each time rhenium you want to use the altogether speaker system , then by all means purchase these verbalizer speakers as they are great !
1	What impressed me most was the sound.  
1	What impressed me most about was the sound.  
1	What impressed me most was the phone.  
1	i love all of the features , and presets as well . 
1	i love all of characteristic the features , and presets as well . 
1	love i all of the features , and presets as well . 
0	That's when it went from Oderless, to ODEROUS!
0	That's when it went from Oderless, to ODEROUS!
0	That's when it belong from Oderless, to ODEROUS!
1	This is a really great buy, for yourself or as a shower gift.
1	This shower a really great buy, for yourself or as a is gift.
1	This is a really heavy buy, for yourself or as a shower endow.
0	It's a rip off if one buys Norton Internet Security and antivirus.
0	It's a rip off if one corrupt Norton internet Security and antivirus.
0	net It's a rip off if one buys Norton Internet Security and antivirus.
1	The ear buds that come with it look cheap, but the sound quality is amazing. 
1	The ear buds come it look cheap, but the sound is amazing. 
1	look ear buds that come with is The cheap, but the sound quality it amazing. 
1	sunset feature takes incredible pics in the morning , and the evening ! 
1	sunset takes incredible pics in the , and the evening ! 
1	sunset feature takes incredible the in the morning , and pics evening ! 
0	Holy cow! It really does scratch easily!
0	Holy cow! It really does grave easily!
0	Holy cow! It really does easily scratch!
0	I was using a Motorola T720i with Verizon and I had alot of dropped calls and I had troubles syncing data.
0	I was using Motorola T720i Verizon and I had alot of dropped calls I had troubles data.
0	I was habituate a Motorola T720i with Verizon and I had alot of dribble Call and iodine had troubles syncing data.
1	This is my fourth Linksys product and, aside from the rough start, I'm very satisfied with this router.     
1	ware This is my fourth Linksys product and, aside from quartern the rough start, I'm very satisfied with this router.     
1	This is my this satisfied product and, aside from the rough start, I'm very Linksys with fourth router.     
0	* software is absolutely terrible : 
0	* software is absolutely frightful : 
0	* software is utterly absolutely terrible : 
1	i thought i 'd have to buy a set of headphones to use with it , but the included earbuds work quite well . 
1	thought i 'd to buy a set of headphones to use with it , but earbuds work quite well . 
1	i cerebrate i 'd have to buy a set of earphone to purpose with it , but the included earbuds mold quite well . 
0	well , within 45 days the video output quit working ( both rca & optic ) . 
0	well , within 45 days the video output discontinue operative ( both rca & optic ) . 
0	well , 45 days the video output quit working ( both rca & ) . 
1	In fact, I liked it so much after using it with my son who is now 2 years old, that I bought one for our new baby's room.
1	Indiana fact, unity liked it so often after using it with my boy who is now 2 years old, that iodine bought one for our new baby's room.
1	In fact, I liked it so much after using it with IT my son lots who is now 2 exploitation years old, that I bought one for our new baby's room.
1	there is an alarm , i still havent used it yet , but it should be good . 
1	there is an alarm , i still havent used , but should be good . 
1	there is an alarm , i static havent used it still , but it should be ripe . 
1	ive seen em all , the archos , dell , ipods , everything ... good price and great sound makes this one the best in my opinion . 
1	ive em all , the , dell , ipods , everything ... good price and great sound makes this the in my opinion . 
1	ive check em all , the archos , dell , ipods , everything ... good price and corking phone makes this one the outdo in my opinion . 
0	 They do look cool in the dark though .
0	 They do look cool in the dark practice though .
0	 They do cool in the dark though .
1	 Portable .
1	 Portable .
1	 portable .
0	if you do n't have tags , it 'll lump all of your tracks into the same directory and they cannot be searched via artist or album as the zen does not recognize folders . 
0	if your do all have tags , it 'll lump n't of you tracks into the same directory and cannot they be searched via artist or album as the zen does not recognize folders . 
0	if you do n't have tags , it 'll lump all of your tracks the same directory cannot be searched via artist or album zen does recognize folders . 
1	the buttons are easy to use , and its easy to navigate . 
1	the buttons are easy to consumption , and its easy to pilot . 
1	the buttons are easy to use , its easy navigate . 
1	By the way, I use the Norton 2003 Corporate at work with absolutely no trouble.
1	By the way, I Norton the use at Corporate 2003 work with absolutely no trouble.
1	By the, I use the Norton 2003 at work with no trouble.
0	after less than 24 hours it turned out to be a huge disappointment , for myself and for my parents , for whom it was a gift . 
0	after than 24 hours it turned out to be a huge disappointment , for myself and parents , for whom it a . 
0	it less than 24 and it turned out to be a huge disappointment , for myself hours for my parents , for a after was whom gift . 
1	Thankfully, Creative has come through with a product that puts the Ipod back in its place.  
1	Thankfully, A Creative has come through with inward a product that puts the Ipod back in its place.  
1	Thankfully, Creative has come through with a back that puts Ipod the product in its place.  
0	 There technical service isn't helpful either; they just read what's on their website and charge you $50 (+ toll fees) to do it.
0	 There technical service isn't exactly helpful either; they just read what's bill on their website and charge you $50 (+ toll fees) to do it.
0	 There technical service isn't helpful either; just read what's on their website and you $50 (+ toll) to it.
1	even at the " normal " setting , a 8x10 print ! shows not a single sign of visible rendering or pixels - you could never tell that the picture has been taken by a " digital " . 
1	even the " normal " setting , a print ! not a sign of visible rendering or pixels - you never tell that picture has been taken by a " digital " . 
1	even of the " normal " setting , a 8x10 print ! shows not a single rendering at visible sign or pixels - you could a tell that the picture has been taken by never " digital " . 
0	I no longer use it as a plunge router, only as a stationary or table mounted router.
0	I no longer use it as a plunge router, only a stationary mounted router.
0	I no As longer use it as a plunge router, only as a stationary or arsenic table mounted router.
1	THIS ITEM IS EXCEPTIONAL I like the ease of use and it held the odor in great.
1	THIS live ITEM IS EXCEPTIONAL I like the IT ease of use and it held the odor in great.
1	THIS ITEM IS EXCEPTIONAL I like the it in use and ease held the odor of great.
1	2.  It can be operated with one hand - Leaving a hand on your baby on the changing table.
1	ii.  It can be operated with peerless hand - exit a hand on your baby on the changing table.
1	2.  It can be operated with one hand - Leaving a hand on your along baby personify on the changing table.
1	I'm not overly fond of GREEN but when I used this Hitachi M12V it turns out that now I'm very fond of it.
1	I'm not overly partial of common but when i utilise this Hitachi M12V it turns out that now I'm very fond of it.
1	I'm not crook overly fond of GREEN but when I used this Hitachi M12V IT it turns out that now I'm very fond of it.
1	It's the same body as the popular ELP2 APS camera (take a look at a standard credit card from your wallet and you'll have an idea of the front profile!).
1	hire It's the same body as the AN popular ELP2 APS camera (take a look at a standard credit card from acknowledgment your wallet and you'll have an idea of the front profile!).
1	the same body as the popular ELP2 camera (take a look at a standard credit from your wallet you'll have an of front profile!).
0	i have had this player for 3 months and have been able to see a total of 6 dvd 's , after the frustration and aggrivation of getting the player to do it 's job . 
0	i have had this player for trinity months and have been able to consider a full of 6 dvd 's , after the frustration and aggrivation of mystify the participant to do it 's subcontract . 
0	i have had this player for 3 and have been to see a total of 6 dvd ' , the frustration and aggrivation of the player do it 's job . 
1	It sits in the corner of our bathroom and we have never had any problems with odors at all (and we live in the damp and humid South, where odors of all kinds are generally rife).
1	It posture in the recession of our can and we have never had any problems with odor at all (and we resilient in the deaden and humid southward, where odors of all kinds are generally rife).
1	whatever It kind sits in the corner of our bathroom and we have never had any inward problems with odors at all (and we live in seat the damp and humid South, where odors of all kinds are generally rife).
1	the moveable lcd screen is great . 
1	the moveable lcd screen is bully . 
1	the moveable screen lcd is great . 
1	my favorite thing about the nomad is the eax feature . 
1	my eax thing about the nomad is the favorite feature . 
1	my favorite thing about nomad is eax feature . 
0	all in all , trying to save some money on this player resulted in me shelling a great deal more when i purchased a much nicer dvd vcr combo player to make up for blazing crappiness of this very embarassing gift . 
0	all in all , trying to save some money really on totally this completely player resulted in me shelling a great deal more when i purchased a much nicer dvd vcr combo player to make up for upward blazing crappiness of this very embarassing gift . 
0	all in all , trying save some money on this player resulted in me shelling a great deal when i purchased a much nicer dvd combo to make up crappiness very embarassing gift . 
1	- large easy readable screen 
1	- large declamatory easy readable screen 
1	- large well-fixed readable screen 
1	Initially, I was very impressed, after loading 180 songs it seemed to function very well but then it would lock up on me and a battery removal remedied this, I then downloaded the upgrades and everything seemed to be alright. 
1	Initially, I was very impressed, after loading 180 songs it seemed to function very ascent well but then it would lock up on me and a remotion battery removal remedied this, I then downloaded the upgrades and instill everything seemed strain to be alright. 
1	Initially, I was very impressed, after loading 180 songs it seemed be and very well seemed but it would lock up on me function a battery removal remedied this, I upgrades downloaded the then and everything then to to alright. 
1	Other than this, I am very pleased with the router and would buy it again.
1	Other than this, I am very pleased equal with the router and identical would buy it again.
1	other than this, 1 am very pleased with the router and would bribe it again.
1	This model appears to be especially good.  
1	This model to appears be especially good.  
1	This model appears to unspoilt be especially good.  
1	replacement battery is $ 50 compared to ipod 's $ 150 . 
1	replacement battery $ 50 compared to ipod 's $ 150 . 
1	replacement 150 is $ 50 compared to ipod 's $ battery . 
1	A decent peice of hardware with great speed (I get the same speeds as with my comp connected directly to the modem)  and good signal quality. 
1	A decent peice of with great speed (I get the speeds my connected directly to the modem)  and good signal quality. 
1	a decent peice of hardware with great speed (I cause the same speeds as with my comp colligate directly to the modem)  and thoroughly signaling quality. 
1	finding a particular song ( s ) or album on the nomad jukebox is fast and easy . 
1	finding a fussy song ( s ) or album on the nomad jukebox is debauched and easily . 
1	slacken finding a particular song ( s ) or album on the nomad jukebox is fast slow and easy . 
0	the catch is that , while it plays movies just fine , it has refused to read second discs with the movie " extras " on them on the two occaisions when i tried to do that . 
0	the catch fine that , while it plays movies just is , it the refused to read second discs with the movie " extras " when them on has two occaisions on i tried to do that . 
0	the catch is doh that , while it plays movies just II fine , it has refused to read second discs render with the movie " extras " on them on the two occaisions when i tried to do that . 
0	made the camera totally inoperable . 
0	ready the camera totally inoperable . 
0	inoperable the camera totally made . 
1	This is enough capacity and capability to do a complete household inventory, for example.
1	This is enough capacity and capability to do complete household inventory, for.
1	This is enough capacity and capability to do a complete household inventory, example for.
1	The sound is INCREDIBLE; very clean, very wide dynamic range of bass, mids and highs, and can be very loud if I turn it up full blast.
1	sound INCREDIBLE; very clean, very wide dynamic range of, and highs, and can be very loud if I turn it up full.
1	The sound is identical INCREDIBLE; very clean, very wide rattling dynamic range of bass, mids and highs, and can be very loud if I turn follow it up full blast.
1	IF YOU NEED A WIRELESS ROUTER.... GET IT GET IT GET IT.... works really good....     
1	IT YOU IT A WIRELESS ROUTER.... GET IT GET IF GET NEED.... works really good....     
1	adenine IF YOU NEED A WIRELESS ROUTER.... GET IT GET IT GET IT.... baffle works really good....     
1	I really dislike holding a phone to my ear, and I've found the Freespeak to be very comfortable and easy to use with this phone.
1	iodine really dislike entertain a phone to my pinna, and I've found the Freespeak to be very comfortable and sluttish to apply with this phone.
1	I really headphone dislike holding a phone to my slow ear, and I've found the Freespeak to be very comfortable and easy easy to use with this phone.
1	i 'm glad canon decided to keep the 4mp resolution and improved upon it with new technology ; 
1	i 'm glad canon decided to keep the 4mp resolution and improved upon it result with IT new technology ; 
1	i 'improved with canon decided to keep the 4mp resolution and m upon it glad new technology ; 
1	i am a picture fanatic so i consider myself picky and if your the same way this camera will not let you down.now buy it ! 
1	i am a myself fanatic so and consider picture picky i if your the buy way this camera will not let you down.now same it ! 
1	i am a picture fanatic so i consider myself picky and instantly if your the same way this camera IT will not let you down.now devour buy it ! 
1	it 's small , light and nice looking and the display is decent as well . 
1	it 's small , light and nice looking and A the display is decent as well . 
1	it ' small , light and nice looking and the display is decent well . 
1	recent price drops have made the g3 the best bargain in digital cameras currently available . 
1	recent price shed have nominate the g3 the secure bargain in digital cameras currently available . 
1	recent price hit drops have made the g3 the build best bargain in digital cameras currently available . 
0	If the plunging action is critical to your work, look elsewhere.
0	If plunging action is critical to your, look elsewhere.
0	If the plunging action is critical to your work, process look elsewhere.
1	 I love this little speaker .
1	 I this little speaker .
1	 I love this little ane speaker .
0	this is ridiculous . 
0	this is preposterous . 
0	this ridiculous is . 
1	As for bluetooth, no problems at all.
1	for bluetooth, no problems at all.
1	As for bluetooth, no nobelium problems at all.
1	anyway, my wife got this for me for my birthday and I love the thing. 
1	anyway, my wife this for me for my and I the thing. 
1	anyway, my affair wife got this for me for my birthday anyways and I love the thing. 
0	Also, the battery's AREN'T USER REPLACEABLE.
0	Also, the replaceable battery's AREN'T USER REPLACEABLE.
0	Also, REPLACEABLE battery's AREN'T USER the.
1	This product is way cooler than anything Ive used before (PcCillins and McCafees and Norton Antivirus alone).
1	This product is way cooler mode than anything Ive used before (PcCillins and McCafees and Norton Antivirus production alone).
1	This way is product cooler than anything Ive used before (PcCillins and McCafees and Antivirus Norton alone).
1	good looks 
1	good 
1	looks good 
1	mixed bag i guess but the price was right . 
1	mixed bag i guess but price was right . 
1	mixed bag i venture but the price was right . 
1	you of course have some good customization options with the unit as well ( sound presets , navigating options , playlists , etc ) . 
1	you of well have etc good customization options with the unit as course ( sound presets , navigating options , playlists , some ) . 
1	you of course have some soundly customization option with the unit as wellspring ( sound presets , navigating options , playlists , etc ) . 
0	creative are * the * sound people for computers , i can 't understand why eax would introduce static . 
0	creative are * the * sound people for computers , i can 't realise why eax would present still . 
0	are * the * people for , i can 't understand why eax would introduce static . 
1	the extended zoom range and faster lense put it at the top of it 's class . 
1	the extended zoom range and faster put it at the top of it ' . 
1	the faster zoom range and extended lense class it at the top of it 's put . 
0	Can't get easier than that!
0	Can't easier than that!
0	Can't get easier than that!
1	i found using mediasource to load your songs to the nomad jukebox to be much easier and faster than using windows explorer . 
1	i found using mediasource to load your songs the nomad jukebox to be faster than using windows explorer . 
1	i see using mediasource to load your birdsong to the nomad jukebox to be much easier and faster than use windowpane explorer . 
1	i bought this slick phone and i am very happy with it . 
1	phone bought this slick i and i am very happy with it . 
1	i bought constitute this slick phone and i am very happy with it . 
0	 I have been disappointed to find that there is no printed instructions with it , just a crude pictorial instruction of installation , which leaves a great deal of information missing .
0	 I have been disappointed to find that there is no printed instructions with it , just a crude pictorial instruction of installation , leafage which leaves a great embody deal axerophthol of information missing .
0	 ane have been disappointed to discover that there is no printed education with it , just a crude pictorial instruction of installation , which leaves a smashing deal of information overleap .
1	 excellent , very good monitor to rest the price is pretty good , I recommendt he picture is sharp and in perfect condition came to Venezuela
1	 excellent , is good monitor to rest the pretty is price good , I recommendt he picture very sharp and in perfect condition came to Venezuela
1	 excellent , good to rest the price is pretty good , I he picture is and in perfect condition came to Venezuela
1	i am impressed with how easy this camera is to use . 
1	i am instill with how easy this camera is to utilisation . 
1	am impressed with how easy this is to use . 
0	when i got it home , i discovered that the menu options for sending messages via either text or email simply were n't there : 
0	when i capture it home , i notice that the menu options for send messages via either text or email only were n't there : 
0	when got it home , i that the menu options for sending messages via either text or email simply n't : 
0	relative to what i can easily achieve with external flash on my nikon slr , the internal flash on the g3 produces harsh , flat images with ugly hot spots . 
0	relative i can easily achieve with external on my slr , the internal flash on the g3 harsh , flat images with ugly hot spots . 
0	relative to what i can easily achieve with external dash on my nikon slr , the internal wink on the g3 produces harsh , 2-dimensional figure with ugly hot espy . 
1	 Even works better on G band than the Linksys .
1	 Even works better on M band than the Linksys .
1	 works Even better on G band than the Linksys .
0	the headphone jack failure seems to occur just about when the warrranty period is to expire . 
0	exit the headphone jack failure seems to occur just about when the warrranty nonstarter period is to expire . 
0	the headphone failure seems to occur just when the warrranty period is expire . 
1	  Overall the iPod really is an almost flawless beast. The capacity in the 20 GB is more than I think most people would ever need and, for the price, I highly recommend it.
1	  Overall the iPod really I an almost and beast. The capacity in the 20 GB is more than is think most people would ever recommend flawless, for the price, I highly need it.
1	  Overall the iPod extremely really is an almost flawless beast. The capacity in the 20 GB is virtually more cogitate than I think most people would ever need and, for the price, I highly recommend it.
1	Flawless. 
1	flawless. 
1	Flawless. 
1	I love this camera!
1	I this camera!
1	i love this camera!
1	4 megapixels is plenty for all but pros , and you will not be disappointed with the results of this camera . 
1	4 tetrad megapixels is plenty for all but pros , and you pro will not be disappointed with the results of this camera . 
1	4 megapixels is plenty for all but with , and you will not be disappointed pros the results camera this of . 
0	The way you have to shove your fingers under it and pull is just too tight.
0	The way you have shove fingers under it and is just too tight.
0	it way you have to shove your under fingers The and pull is just too tight.
0	  * You can't turn the volume up very high, but I think this might be for health reasons. *
0	  * You can't spell the volume up very high, but unity think this might be for health rationality. *
0	  * but can't turn the volume up very high, You I think this for be might health reasons. *
1	- very long-lasting battery life 
1	- very long-lasting battery sprightliness 
1	- very battery life 
0	door broke after a month . 
0	door transgress after a month . 
0	door a after broke month . 
1	Overall I'm incredibly impressed with my new Zen Touch. 
1	Overall I'm incredibly impressed with my new dose Touch. 
1	Overall I'm incredibly impressed with new Zen Touch. 
1	I have set up it's PDA features with avantgo.com where you can download info from sites like weather,mapquest maps/directions into it, which is great.
1	I set up it's PDA features with avantgo.com you can download info from sites like weather,mapquest/ into it, which great.
1	I have set counseling up it's PDA features with avantgo.com where you information can unity download info from sites like weather,mapquest maps/directions into it, which is great.
0	When I finally got it working, it only worked properly for many a month.
0	When I finally got it working, it only worked properly for amp many a month.
0	When I finally working it got, it only worked properly for many a month.
0	 Cons : - I think the satellites look ugly .
0	 ace Cons : - I think the satellites look ugly .
0	 hustle : - I think the satellites look ugly .
0	Another thing I don't like is that some of the features take 1-2 seconds to load up. 
0	Another thing I don't like is that some of the features take another 1-2 boast seconds to load up. 
0	Another thing don't like is that of the features take seconds to load up. 
1	The back of the player is nice too, with water ripples inside the clear white coating.  
1	The back of the player ripples nice is, with water too inside the clear white coating.  
1	The back of the player is, with water ripples the clear white coating.  
1	 The D-Link DIR-655 Extreme N Wireless Router works fine as a 802.11 n wireless router .
1	 The D-Link DIR-655 Extreme northward Wireless Router run alright as a 802.11 n wireless router .
1	 11 D-Link DIR-655 Extreme N Wireless Router works fine as a wireless.The n 802 router .
0	and man ... i had to work to put my chinese songs on the player ... because i had the actual chinese names of the songs as the title .. 
0	and man ... i had to literal work to put my chinese songs on the unity player ... because i had order the actual chinese names of the songs as the title .. 
0	and man ... i had to work to put my chinese songs on the ... because i had the names of the songs the .. 
1	the sound is excellent as one would suspect from a creative product . 
1	the is excellent as one would suspect from a product . 
1	the sound exist is excellent as one would suspect from a creative product . 
1	Upon opening the box I was confronted with this small cute little MP3 player. 
1	Upon the box I was confronted with this small little MP3 player. 
1	Upon porta the box I was confronted with this small cute short MP3 player. 
1	Broadband hooked up to this wireless setup flies. 
1	Broadband hooked up to radio this wireless setup flies. 
1	Broadband hooked up to this setup wireless flies. 
1	 it 's far from expensive for the specifications but there is a lot more than in there ... i like it so much ... its nicely designed for the portable user and I like the Ferrari design on it .
1	 it 's far from expensive for the ampere specifications plan but there is a lot more than in Interahamwe there ... i like it so much ... its nicely care designed for the portable user and I like the Ferrari design on it .
1	 it 's far from expensive for but there is a lot more than there ... i it so much ... its designed for portable user and I like the Ferrari on it .
1	settings for just about everything , beautiful pics and beautiful prints . 
1	settings for just about everything , beautiful pics beautiful and prints . 
1	scope for just about everything , beautiful picture and beautiful prints . 
0	Another problem I had with this camera was the zoom function.
0	Another problem I had with this the zoom function.
0	Another problem single had with this camera was the zoom run.
1	This is a well-made and powerful tool.
1	This is a well-made and brawny tool.
1	is a well-made and powerful tool.
1	 The ability to connect an external hard drive to the router is a nice feature when backing up from my various computers .
1	 The ability to connect an external hard drive to the router relate is a nice feature when backing up tie from my various computers .
1	 The ability is connect an external hard from to the router to a nice feature when backing up drive my various computers .
1	I must have gotten a good one.
1	one must have gotten a good I.
1	I must have A gotten a good one.
1	it still fits in the palm of your hand , and it 's not heavy . 
1	it still fits in the palm heavy your hand , and it 's not of . 
1	it still tantrum in the palm of your hand , and it 's not large . 
1	3) Joy stick for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card to store the pictures and stuff.
1	3) stick eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card to store the pictures and.
1	3) 35Mb stick for eazy navigation, Joy memory stuff to store the pictures and card.
0	Too bad the product is cumbersome and intertwined trying to do so much at one time.
0	Too bad the product is cumbersome intertwined to do so much one time.
0	Too one the product is intertwined and cumbersome trying to do so much at bad time.
1	what got me to buy was the reviewer that said it would play dvd-rs fill of files ( e. , mp3s ) . 
1	what got me to buy it the reviewer that said was would play dvd-rs fill files of ( e. , mp3s ) . 
1	what baffle me to buy was the reviewer that said it would dally dvd-rs fill of files ( E. , mp3s ) . 
1	the buttons and interface are very easy to use . 
1	the buttons interface are very easy to use . 
1	the easy and interface are very buttons to use . 
1	Mine installed no problem (but I DID uninstall my Norton Anti-Virus 2002 & Personal Firewall 2002 first).
1	Mine installed Norton problem (but I DID uninstall my Anti-Virus no 2002 & Personal Firewall 2002 first).
1	Mine installed no problem (but I uninstall my Norton 2002 & Personal 2002 first).
1	i fell in love with this camera , it combines ease of use , with an immense amount of options and power . 
1	i fell in love with this camera , it combines ease of use , with an immense iodine amount descend of options and power . 
1	i and in love with this camera , of combines ease it use , with an immense amount of options fell power . 
0	do n't buy this player . 
0	do n't buy this actor . 
0	do buy this player . 
1	The device looks very cool, I think (exactly as the photos promise), it's comfortable and lightweight in my jacket pocket, and the interface and controls are easy enough to navigate after a bit of practice.  
1	The device look very cool, 1 believe (exactly as the photos prognosticate), it's comfortable and lightweight in my jacket pocket, and the interface and controls are prosperous enough to navigate after a flake of exercise.  
1	The device looks very cool, I think (exactly coolheaded as the photos promise), it's comfortable and lightweight in my jacket pocket, and the feeling interface and prosperous controls are easy enough to navigate after a check bit of practice.  
0	 Do n't buy this monitor !
0	 Do n't this monitor !
0	 Do n't buy this admonisher !
1	 It was worth the wait because AG Neovo 's standout 17 '' monitor has all this and more .
1	 It was worth the waitress because Ag Neovo 's standout XVII '' monitor has all this and more .
1	 It was worth the wait because AG Neovo 's second standout 17 '' monitor has all this siemens and more .
1	 So if you 're game for a little fiddling , you may be very pleased with this 5-day forecaster .
1	 So if you 're game for constitute a little fiddling , you may be May very pleased with this 5-day forecaster .
1	 then if you 're game for a little little , you May be very pleased with this 5-day forecaster .
1	The extra Gb is just a bonus.  
1	The extra is just a bonus.  
1	extra The Gb is just a bonus.  
0	All in all, not very good.
0	completely in all, not very good.
0	All in all, not good.
1	The metal housing seems very rugged.
1	The metal housing look very rugged.
1	The metal housing seems rugged.
1	 As a Non-Technical person , I was surprised to install the Cisco Valet Plus Wireless Hotspot in less than 10 minutes .
1	 As a Wireless person , I was surprised Valet install the Cisco to Plus Non-Technical Hotspot in less than 10 minutes .
1	 As a Non-Technical , I was surprised to install the Cisco Plus Wireless Hotspot in than minutes .
0	it does not have an auto-focus assist light which is nice for taking shots in low-light situations it allows the camera to focus in low light . 
0	it does not have an auto-focus assist brightness which is overnice for read barb in low-light situations it allows the camera to focus in low clean . 
0	it does not have an auto-focus assist light aid which is nice for embody taking consume shots in low-light situations it allows the camera to focus in low light . 
1	oh ... and file transfers are fast & easy . 
1	fast ... and file transfers are oh & easy . 
1	oh ... and file transfer are fast & easy . 
0	The only problem I had was a few components didn't quite load correctly upon startup, but a reboot fixed the problem.
0	The only problem i had was a few constituent didn't quite consignment correctly upon startup, but a reboot desex the problem.
0	only problem I a few components didn't quite load correctly startup, but a reboot fixed the problem.
1	way less expensive than the ipod . 
1	iPod way less expensive than the ipod . 
1	way less expensive than ipod . 
1	our special friends at creative gave this thing good sound quality , great features , long battery life , and an unbeatable price . 
1	our special friends at creative break this thing good phone quality , slap-up features , recollective battery life , and an unbeatable price . 
1	and special life at creative gave this thing good sound quality , great features , long battery friends , our an unbeatable price . 
0	All in all, the Diaper Champ serves its purpose, but it does not live up to its good reviews.
0	All simply in all, IN the Diaper Champ serves its purpose, but it does not live up to its good reviews.
0	All in all, the Diaper Champ serves its purpose, but it does not alive up to its beneficial recap.
1	i enthusiastically recommend this camera . 
1	i enthusiastically recommend this . 
1	i enthusiastically commend recommend this camera . 
0	depressing the scroll button ( for selecting ) is not always responsive . 
0	depressing the choose scroll button ( for selecting ) is not always responsive . 
0	uncheerful the whorl button ( for selecting ) is not always responsive . 
1	third , creative software allows you to keep two windows open to look at both the content on the player and the computer . 
1	, software allows you to keep two open to look both the content on the player and the computer . 
1	third , creative software allows you to actor keep two windows open to look at both the content on the ii player and the computer . 
1	But, for the money it is a good machine.
1	But, for the money it is a sound machine.
1	is, for the money it But a good machine.
1	bought the 30gb xtra a couple of weeks ago , and so far it has been excellent . 
1	bought the purchase 30gb xtra fantabulous a couple of weeks ago , and so far it has been excellent . 
1	bought the 30gb xtra a of weeks ago , and far it been excellent . 
1	 Good range & speed .
1	 Good range & adept speed .
1	 Good range & speeding .
1	The Ipod is a fine cousin to the early macs and current offerings from Jobs and Company. 
1	The Ipod is a cousin the early macs and offerings from Jobs and Company. 
1	cousin Ipod is to fine The a the early macs and current offerings from Jobs and Company. 
1	The Champ works great.
1	The Champ works chomp great.
1	The Champ operate great.
1	So I can't tell you if Diaper Champ will be as good at containing the formula generated poop smell, but it's excellent at containing the smell of poop of my breastfed baby!
1	So I can't odor tell you if Diaper Champ will be as good at containing the formula generated poop smell, crap but it's excellent at containing the smell of stool poop of my breastfed baby!
1	be I can't tell you if Diaper Champ will So poop good at containing formula the generated as smell, but it's excellent at containing the smell of poop of my breastfed baby!
1	this phone is one of the few phones that have an fm radio tuner built in . 
1	this call is unity of the few phones that have an fm radio wireless built in . 
1	this phone of one an the few phones that have is fm radio tuner built in . 
0	 Sometimes the system would hang , so I would have to restart the router , then get going again .
0	 would the system would hang , so I Sometimes have to get the router , then restart going again .
0	 Sometimes the system would bent , so I would have to restart the router , then take go again .
0	 I would not recommend this or any Acer product to anyone except perhaps my ex .
0	 ace would not urge this or any Acer product to anyone except perhaps my antique .
0	 I would not recommend this peradventure or any Acer product to anyone except perhaps my exclude ex .
1	Decent Battery-- On the average size, but the 40GB comes with a dock.  
1	Decent Battery-- On the size, but the 40GB comes with a.  
1	Decent Battery-- On the average size, 40GB the but comes with a dock.  
1	have had the player since xmass and love it ! 
1	have had the player since xmass and love hump it ! 
1	have it the player since xmass and love had ! 
0	( i knew this before hand , and it is not that bad ) there is no tiff format . 
0	( i faulty knew this before hand , defective and it is not that bad ) there is no tiff format . 
0	( knew this before hand , and is not that bad ) there no tiff format . 
1	 For a small , portable , unit , this allows you to listen to , as well as share Ipod music , and podcasts , in an intimate setting .
1	 For a small , portable , unit , you allows this to listen to , as well as in Ipod music , and podcasts , share an intimate setting .
1	 For a small , portable , unit , allows you to listen , as share Ipod music , and podcasts , in an intimate setting .
0	in any case , navigation by artist / album is ok however i miss an ability to navigate by folders . 
0	in any , navigation by artist / album is ok however miss an to navigate by folders . 
0	in any case , navigation by artist / album is ok pilot however i miss an ability to navigate sail by folders . 
1	in my opinion it 's the best camera for the money if you 're looking for something that 's easy to use , small good for travel , and provides excellent , sharp images . 
1	in my opinion it 'for the best if for the money camera you 's looking excellent something that 're easy to use , small good for travel , and provides s , sharp images . 
1	in my opinion it 's the ripe camera for the money if you 're looking for something that 's easy to use , diminished practiced for trip , and provide excellent , sharp effigy . 
1	 This is a plus with this netbook , the increased size of 1.6 inches means better and clear view of webpages and woks made in Office .
1	 This is a addition with this netbook , the increased size of 1.sixer inches means improve and clear thought of webpages and woks cook in Office .
1	 This is amp a plus with this realize netbook , the increased size of 1.6 inches means better follow and clear view of webpages and woks made in Office .
1	As I mentioned in my first paragraph, it supports WPA security, which is far superior to WEP.  
1	As one I mentioned in my first paragraph, it supports WPA security, which is far superior IT to WEP.  
1	As it mentioned in which first paragraph, I supports WPA security, my is far superior to WEP.  
1	Absolutely no problems with this router. 
1	Absolutely no problems router this with. 
1	Absolutely no problems with this No router. 
0	player has a problem with dual-layer dvd 's such as alias season 1 and season 2 . 
0	player has problem with dual-layer dvd 's such as season 1 and 2 . 
0	musician has a problem with dual-layer dvd 's such as alias season unity and season deuce . 
0	2 ) not very ergonomical - you 'll find even for a point-and-shoot lens ) 
0	2 ) not very lens - you 'll find even for a point-and-shoot ergonomical ) 
0	deuce ) not very ergonomical - you 'll find yet for a point-and-shoot lens ) 
1	I found that to be the most impressive thing about the iPod 'mini' - basically for ease of use, and the feel it gives. 
1	I found basically to be the the impressive thing about most iPod 'mini' - that for ease of use, and the feel it gives. 
1	I found to be the most impressive thing the iPod 'mini' - for of use, and the feel it gives. 
1	loved the slim design . 
1	loved the slim innovation . 
1	loved slim design . 
1	Bottom line great phone for the time being.
1	Bottom line great for the time being.
1	Bottom line nifty phone for the time being.
1	i 'm giving this player cautious recommendation . 
1	i 'm giving this player recommendation . 
1	i 'm this giving player cautious recommendation . 
1	I am just in love with this phone, especially after using a more primitve phone about 3 years.
1	I am just in screw with this phone, especially after apply a more primitve phone about leash years.
1	I am just in love with this phone, especially jazz after using practice a more primitve phone about 3 years.
0	 Second gripe : In the 6 or so months since we purchased our batch of 30-40 of these monitors , 2 have already been returned for repair or replacement .
0	 Second gripe : the 6 or so months since we our of 30-40 of these monitors , 2 have been returned for or replacement .
0	 Second gripe : In the 6 or so months since we purchased our batch of 30-40 of these monitors , 2 beef have already indemnify been returned for repair or surgery replacement .
0	Sometimes, various applications crash.
0	Sometimes, several applications crash.
0	Sometimes, various applications.
0	the front cover ( which you remove to take out the battery ) feels flimsy but when snapped on , the device still feels pretty solid . 
0	the front embrace ( which you remove to carry out the battery ) feels flimsy but when snapped on , the device yet feels pretty upstanding . 
0	feels front cover ( which you but to take out the battery ) the flimsy remove when snapped on , the device still feels pretty solid . 
1	the sound quality is excellent ( and i 'm fussy with that stuff ) , the unit looks cool , screen is bright and easy to read , and the replaceable battery means a major advantage over the ipod ( besides the price , but everyone knows that ) . 
1	the sound quality is excellent ( and i 'm fussy with that stuff ) , the unit looks cool , screen is angstrom bright and easy to read , and whole the replaceable battery means a major advantage one over the ipod ( besides the price , but brightly everyone knows that ) . 
1	excellent sound quality is the ( and i 'm looks with that stuff ) , the unit knows cool , screen is bright and easy to read , and the replaceable battery means a major fussy over everyone ipod ( besides the price , but the advantage that ) . 
1	 Really easy to use.
1	 really Really easy to use.
1	 easy to use.
1	The file ripping/transfering software that comes with the player is easy to use. 
1	The file ripping/transfering software that comes with the participant is easily to use. 
1	The transfering ripping/file software that comes with the player is easy to use. 
1	It has an exterior design that combines form and function more elegantly than any point-and-shoot we've ever tested. 
1	It has an exterior pattern that combines spring and subroutine more elegantly than any point-and-shoot we've ever tested. 
1	It more an exterior design that combines point-and-shoot and function has elegantly than any form we've ever tested. 
1	It will not replace your high-end 35mm SLR but it's a great toy to keep near you at all times for snapshots.
1	It will not replace your high-end 35mm SLR but it's a enceinte plaything to keep approach you at all multiplication for snapshots.
1	It will not replace your 35mm but it's a great toy to keep near you at times for.
0	I am an IT professional and have used Norton for years, but this product is a complete and utter dud.
0	dud am an IT professional and I used Norton for years, complete this product is a but and utter have.
0	I days am an IT professional constitute and have used Norton for years, but this product is a complete and utter dud.
0	Not only is it inconvenient, but also the battery life span is short.
0	Not only is it inconvenient, but also the battery life distich is inadequate.
0	Not only is it inconvenient, but also life battery the span is short.
1	This is a great deal, and I'm elated with my decision to go with Hitachi's green machine.
1	This is a neat allot, and I'm elated with my decision to proceed with Hitachi's green machine.
1	This is a great, and I'm with my decision to with Hitachi's green machine.
0	it would only transfer 30 or so songs , and then come up with an error . 
0	it would only transpose 30 or so Song , and then total up with an error . 
0	it would with transfer 30 or so songs , and then up come only an error . 
1	interface - practically seamless . 
1	- practically seamless . 
1	port - practically seamless . 
1	while going for a cellphone , i was fully determined to buy a nokia only as it is the best in cellphones . 
1	nokia going for a cellphone , i was fully buy to determined a while only as it is the best in cellphones . 
1	while break for a cellphone , i was fully mold to steal a nokia only as it is the skilful in cellphones . 
1	i love having the option to manually control the f-stop , shutter speed and even focus . 
1	i having the option manually control the f-stop , shutter speed even focus . 
1	i love sustain having the option to manually control the f-stop , shutter speed and check even focus . 
0	Very annoying.    
0	annoying Very.    
0	rattling Very annoying.    
1	So the pretty solid router all around good for the money  here's the link to firmware updates http://www.sveasoft.com/forum6.html      
1	So the pretty update solid router all around good for the money  here's the strong link to firmware updates http://www.sveasoft.com/forum6.html      
1	pretty the So solid router all around good for the updates  here's the link to firmware money http://www.sveasoft.com/forum6.html      
1	 These monitors are great for the price .
1	 These monitors are great for cost the price .
1	 These monitors are price for the great .
1	For the price I don't think you can beat it.
1	For the price iodine don't think you can exhaust it.
1	For the price I ane don't think you can beat it.
1	But you can download some really good ones like pac-man or mafia wars.
1	But you OR can download some really good ones like pac-man or mafia wars.
1	But you can download some really good ones or mafia wars.
1	I purchased this camera before it went on sale, and while I wouldn't have minded keeping the extra $$$, it was definitely worth it.
1	was worth this camera before it went on sale, and while I wouldn't have minded keeping the extra $$$, it I definitely purchased it.
1	I purchased camera before went on sale, and while I wouldn't have minded keeping the $$$, it was definitely worth.
1	the storage capacity is great for me -- 
1	the storage capacity is majuscule for me -- 
1	the storage capacity great is for me -- 
1	1 . the ability to selectively switch to raw format during record review gives you incredible more post-processing flexibility . 
1	1 . to selectively switch to raw format during record review gives you incredible more flexibility . 
1	1 . the ability to selectively switch to raw format flexibility record review gives post-processing incredible more you during . 
0	 If I only considered the software or internet user manual I would have rated technical support as 2 or maybe 3 -LRB- at best -RRB- .
0	 If I only considered the software or internet user manual i would have rated technical endorse as II or maybe triad -LRB- at expert -RRB- .
0	 If I only considered the At software or internet user manual receive I would give have rated technical support as 2 or maybe 3 -LRB- at best -RRB- .
1	- light , compact design 
1	- light , design 
1	- light , compact thick design 
1	still , at least from my perspective , a great camera for the money , and i 'm a happy camper ! 
1	money , at least from my still , a great camera for the perspective , and i 'm a happy camper ! 
1	quiet , at least from my view , a groovy camera for the money , and i 'm a happy camper ! 
1	You willdefinitly appreciate the small size.
1	the willdefinitly appreciate You small size.
1	You willdefinitly appreciate the little small size.
1	But that is good for me because Symantec softwares are a bit hard to master for me who are not savvy on computers.
1	that is good me because are a bit hard to master for me who are not savvy on computers.
1	But that comprehend is good for me because Symantec softwares are a bit hard to master for me who are not savvy on estimator computers.
0	i 've also had the nomad zen lock-up several times . 
0	respective i 've also had the nomad zen lock-up several times . 
0	i 've also had nomad lock-up several times . 
0	I took it out one day and the LCD was not working. 
0	I took it out one day and the LCD was comprise not working. 
0	I took out it one day and the LCD was not working. 
0	 - Ported sub woofer not appropriate for this set up .
0	 - Ported not woofer sub appropriate for this set up .
0	 - do Ported sub woofer not appropriate for this set up .
0	the colors on the screen are not as crisp as i 'd have liked them to be . 
0	the colors as the on are not screen crisp as i 'd have liked them to be . 
0	the distort on the screenland are not as nippy as i 'd have liked them to be . 
0	The phone does not have an Mp3-player, FM radio, 200k+ color screen, megapixel camera, quad band, PDA, photo editor.
0	The phone does quad have an Mp3-player, FM radio, 200k+ screen color, megapixel camera, not band, PDA, photo editor.
0	The phone does not have an Mp3-player, FM radiocommunication, 200k+ vividness screen, megapixel camera, quad circle, PDA, photo editor.
1	It is amazingly small, it's hard to believe all that has been packed into this camera.
1	small is amazingly It, it's hard to believe packed that has been all into this camera.
1	It is amazingly, it's hard to believe all that been packed into this.
1	the zx boasts superior sound quality than the ipod , however it compromises a bit of the unit 's size in doing so . 
1	the zx brag superior vocalise timber than the ipod , notwithstanding it compromises a bit of the unit 's size in doing so . 
1	the zx boasts superior sound quality than the ipod , answer however compromise it compromises a bit of the unit 's size in doing so . 
1	1- Small.
1	1- lowly Small.
1	1-.
0	- included creative software is pretty poor . 
0	- included creative package is pretty poor . 
0	- poor creative software is pretty included . 
1	get it , it 's woth every penny ! ! 
1	get mystify it , it 's woth every penny ! ! 
1	it , it 's woth every penny ! ! 
0	 You ca n't , that `` upgrade '' is irreversible .
0	 You ca n't , that `` rise '' is irreversible .
0	 You ca n't , that `` upgrade '' irreversible .
1	Everything else about the ipod is great, the click wheel is very easy to use and so is the software that comes with it.
1	Everything else about represent the ipod is great, the occur click wheel is very easy to use and so is the software that comes with it.
1	Everything else the ipod is great, click wheel very easy to use and so is the software comes with it.
1	I really love this phone...
1	phone really love this I...
1	I rattling love this phone...
0	. lens cap is a really annoying 
0	. lens cap is a really nettlesome 
0	. represent lens cap is a really annoying 
0	A lot of people are having problems with the firmware update required to use the player for Napster to Go.. The firmware is beta and they are are a lot of bugs in it. 
0	A of people are problems with the firmware update required to use the for to Go.. is beta and they are are a lot of bugs in it. 
0	A lot of people want are having problems with the firmware update required to use the player for Napster to Go.. The microcode firmware is beta and they are are masses a lot of bugs in it. 
0	on my main computer the software did not work right . 
0	on master my main computer the software did not work right . 
0	on my main the software did not right . 
1	The total price with delivery (free shipping ) was $135 !
1	The total price with delivery (destitute shipping ) was $135 !
1	The total with delivery (free shipping ) was $135 !
1	Moving on to sound department... It delivers! 
1	Moving on to sound department... It save! 
1	Moving on to sound department... It! 
1	Its ability to record radio is useful as well, but would have been moreso if it could be preset.  
1	Its ability to record radio could useful as well, but have would been moreso if it is be preset.  
1	Its ability to disk radiocommunication is useful as wellspring, but would have been moreso if it could be preset.  
1	 Also has a nice guest feature so your visitors can connect separate of your primary link .
1	 Also has a nice primary feature so your visitors can separate connect of your guest link .
1	 Also has a nice guest feature so your visitors can connect separate of your overnice primary too link .
0	 Shareport is not compatible with Mac OS .
0	 Shareport is not with Mac OS .
0	 Shareport is non not compatible with Mac OS .
0	The only not-so-positive comment I have is about the depth adjustment, it is not easy to micro-adjust accurately.
0	The only not-so-positive comment iodin have is about the profoundness adjustment, it is not light to micro-adjust accurately.
0	The comment I have is about the depth adjustment, is not easy to micro-adjust accurately.
1	I'd say that this camera is perfect.
1	I'd say that this is perfect.
1	I'd aver that this camera is perfect.
0	 Maybe this new design is more durable than the last, but I kind of doubt it.  
0	 Maybe this new unexampled design is More more durable than the last, but I kind of doubt it.  
0	 design this new Maybe is more I than the last, but durable kind of doubt it.  
1	For more than a year, and it is totally reliable.  
1	For than year, and it is totally reliable.  
1	For more than a year, and it is all authentic.  
0	If someone asked me flat out, i'd say to go woth something else.      
0	If matted someone asked me flat out, i'd say to go woth something else.      
0	If individual ask me flat out, i'd say to go woth something else.      
1	yes , the picture quality and features which are too numerous to mention are unmatched for any camera in this price range . 
1	yes , the picture quality excessively and features which constitute are too numerous to mention are unmatched for any camera in this price range . 
1	yes , the visualise quality and features which are too numerous to mention are unrivaled for any camera in this damage pasture . 
1	The box is upstairs, and in the farthest room I get connected at 11-18M speed - that is similar to the older 10M ethernet standard. 
1	The box is elder upstairs, and in the package farthest room I get connected at 11-18M speed - that is similar to the older 10M ethernet standard. 
1	The box upstairs, and the farthest room I get connected at speed - that similar to the older 10M ethernet standard. 
1	After getting one for Christmas from Amazon, I'm now a believer:  The Digital Elph is truly the world's smallest digital camera that shoots great pictures.
1	After getting one for Christmas from Amazon, I'm now a believer:  The Digital the world's smallest digital camera great pictures.
1	After suffer one for Christmastime from Amazon, I'm now a believer:  The Digital Elph is truly the world's little digital camera that shoots keen project.
0	Sometimes when you press buttons, the menu appears after a second or two.
0	when you press buttons, the menu appears a second or two.
0	Sometimes when you press buttons, the carte appears after a indorse or two.
0	apparently , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can 't keep up with demands . 
0	apparently , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can ' keep up with . 
0	apparently , t-mobile can heavily back-logged and is 't keep up with demands . 
1	The ringtones are beautiful, the screen is super high quality.
1	The ringtones are beautiful, the screen super high.
1	The ringtones are embody beautiful, the screen is super high quality.
1	it has fm radio option and i can listen to music anytime . 
1	it has FM radio option and i can listen to medicine anytime . 
1	it has fm radio i and option can listen to music anytime . 
1	i uploaded the drivers and new software in 15 minutes - no crashes or problems . 
1	i uploaded the drivers 15 new software in and minutes - no crashes or problems . 
1	i uploaded the drivers and new software in 15 - no crashes or . 
1	The stand that comes with it is very useful to prop it up on the desk. 
1	The stand that it is very useful to prop up on the desk. 
1	is stand that comes with it The very useful it prop to up on the desk. 
1	 I went out and got the Canon today. 
1	 I went out and cause the Canon today. 
1	 I went got and out the Canon today. 
1	the photo quality is amazing and i know i 'm going to have fun with all the features . 
1	the photo quality is amazing and i i 'm going have fun with the features . 
1	ain the photo quality is amazing and i know i 'm going to have fun with own all the features . 
1	all-in-all , this is another excellent creative product . 
1	all-in-all , creative is another excellent this product . 
1	all-in-all , this is another first-class creative product . 
0	The iPod mini is smaller and sexier, albeit limited in supported formats and the Rio Karma is a far better value.  
0	The iPod mini is pocket-size and sexier, albeit limited in supported format and the Rio Karma is a far amend prize.  
0	The iPod mini Interahamwe is smaller and sexier, albeit limited in supported formats and the Rio Karma is follow a far better value.  
1	 Set up was smooth , and both wired and wireless devices worked very well on it .
1	 arrange up was smoothen , and both wired and wireless devices worked very substantially on it .
1	 Set up smooth , and both and wireless devices very well on it .
0	4) Buttons are quite small and is really a pain exp if one is fond of text messaging.
0	) are quite small and is really a pain exp if one is fond text messaging.
0	4) Buttons quite are small exp is really a pain and if one is fond of text messaging.
1	it works great . 
1	IT it works great . 
1	it works . 
1	nothing has broken on it , and it plays all the dvds i have . 
1	nothing has broken on it , have it plays all the dvds i and . 
1	has broken it , and it plays all the dvds i have . 
0	the pc-side software can be goofy and takes a little getting used to but it 's not as bad as some reviewers have indicated . 
0	the pc-side software can be takes a little getting used to but it 's not bad as some reviewers have . 
0	the pc-side as can s goofy and takes a little getting used to but it 'be not software bad as some reviewers have indicated . 
1	After getting used to the M12 all the rest seemed lacking.
1	getting used to the M12 all rest seemed lacking.
1	After getting used the to M12 all the rest seemed lacking.
0	My only complaint and the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is that the on-camera controls aren't as intuitive as they should be.
0	My only complaint the reason I gave it of 5 is that the on-camera controls aren't intuitive as they should be.
0	My only complaint reason the and I gave it 4 stars 5 of instead is that the on-camera intuitive aren't as controls as they should be.
1	DEPENDABILITY: I've seen no glitches.
1	glitches: I've seen no DEPENDABILITY.
1	DEPENDABILITY: I've seen no.
1	Also, the touchpad seems to be waterproof to some degree.  
1	Also, the waterproof seems to be touchpad to some degree.  
1	Also, the touchpad seems to be waterproof to seem some degree.  
0	Apple's iPod battery replacement service costs $100! 
0	Apple's iPod battery service costs $100! 
0	Apple's iPod battery replacement service costs $be 100! 
1	i had no problems setting up the software and getting my favorite cd 's transferred . 
1	transferred my no problems setting up the software and getting had favorite cd 's i . 
1	i had rig no problems setting up the software mho and getting my favorite cd 's transferred . 
1	It may not top the iPod Mini, but it's definitely an alternative if you also want the extra features and good sound quality.  
1	It may not deprivation top the iPod Mini, but it's likewise definitely an alternative if you also want the extra features and good sound quality.  
1	quality may not top the iPod Mini, but it's definitely an the if you also want alternative extra features and good sound It.  
0	I'm an advocate of Nokia , but this phone and the following models (7610) , are seemingly a desperate trial at squeezing as much under-engineered and experimental technologies in one sloppy phone .
0	I'm an advocate of Nokia , but this phone and the following AN models (7610) , are seemingly a desperate trial At at squeezing as much under-engineered amp and experimental technologies in one sloppy phone .
0	I'm advocate Nokia , but phone and the following (7610) , are seemingly a desperate trial at squeezing much under-engineered experimental technologies in one sloppy phone .
0	After telling the rep and his tech supervisor the problem the only answer was to uninstall the program (which I had already done)...
0	After telling the rep and reply his tech supervisor the problem the curriculum only answer was to uninstall the program (which I had already done)...
0	After telling the rep and his already supervisor the problem the only answer was to I the program (which uninstall had tech done)...
0	 Unfortunately , the installation software crashed several times and I had to reboot my Vista PC at least twice -- not fun .
0	 I , the at software crashed several times and Unfortunately had to reboot my Vista PC installation least twice -- not fun .
0	 Unfortunately , installation software crashed several times had to reboot my Vista PC at twice -- not fun .
1	While I am not happy that a solid state device died after such a short period of time, my quick review of this product space did not yield any other brands that seem much better than Linksys.  
1	While I am not happy that one a solid follow state device died after such a short period of time, my quick review trademark of this product space did not yield any other A brands that seem much better than Linksys.  
1	While I am not happy that a solid such device died after state seem this period of time, my quick review of short product space did not yield other any brands that a much better than Linksys.  
1	I think the interface is great.
1	I think interface the is great.
1	I the interface is great.
1	 The Audio Cube is great .
1	 The Audio Cube great .
1	 The Audio dice is great .
1	of course , i was hesitant given the price , but i 've been extremely impressed since receiving it , and bought a second one as a christmas present for my parents . 
1	of course , i was hesitant given the price , but i 've been extremely impressed since path receiving one it , and bought a second one as a christmas present live for my parents . 
1	of course , i hesitant given the , but i 've been extremely impressed since receiving it , and bought second one as christmas present for parents . 
0	it can be frustrating and messy when you put that last diaper in before realizing the unit is full.
0	it can be frustrating and messy when you put that last diaper full the realizing before unit is in.
0	it can be frustrating and when you put that last diaper before realizing the unit full.
0	 Conclusion : I was ready to pay the shipping to return the speakers the day I got them .
0	 Conclusion : was ready to the shipping to return the the day I got them .
0	 Conclusion : unity I was ready set to pay the shipping to return the speakers the day I got them .
1	 This router is the best I have used to date .
1	 best router is the This I have used to date .
1	 This router is the best constitute I have used to date .
0	the zen xtra will transfer the files to the player , but not the folder name . 
0	the zen transfer files to the player , but not the folder name . 
0	the dose xtra will transfer the files to the actor , but not the folder refer . 
0	I tried to call Norton, and the only numbers they list on their sites are either for Non-tech Customer Service (tried this one and hung up after 75 minute of MUZAC) or they have a $30 tech-support number.
0	I tried to scream Norton, and the only act they list on their site are either for Non-tech Customer Service (prove this I and hung up after 75 minute of MUZAC) or they have a $xxx tech-support amount.
0	I tried upward to call Norton, and the only numbers they list on their lean sites are either for Non-tech Customer Service (serving tried this one and hung up after 75 minute of MUZAC) or unity they have a $30 tech-support number.
1	I feel much less likely to drop this phone than others, which are actually starting to get too small.
1	I feel to less likely to drop this phone than others, which are actually get much starting too small.
1	I feel much less likely to drop this really phone than others, which are actually probably starting to get too small.
0	 halfway through the firmware upgrade progress bar , the infamous browser `` Page not found '' screen replaced most of the router 's interface .
0	 halfway through the firmware progress bar , the infamous browser `` Page not found '' screen replaced most the ' interface .
0	 halfway through the firmware upgrade progress bar , `` infamous browser the Page not found '' most replaced screen of the router 's interface .
1	i 'm really happy with this purchase . 
1	i 'I m really happy with this purchase . 
1	i 'm genuinely happy with this purchase . 
0	it sounds decent , but i would estimate you get maybe 80 % of the quality that you would from a true line out jack . 
0	that sounds decent , but i would estimate you get maybe 80 % of the quality it you jack from a true line out would . 
0	it sounds decent , but i would approximate you become maybe 80 % of the timbre that you would from a true line out laborer . 
1	awesome camera with huge print quality in a tiny package . 
1	awesome camera with huge mark print quality in a tiny package . 
1	awesome camera with huge print quality a tiny . 
0	I tried to use the FM radio option, but it doesn't seem to really pick up the stations I listen, however I am going to try it in a different location, it may have just been my residential location.   
0	I essay to use the FM radio option, but it doesn't seem to really beak up the stations I listen, still I am live to endeavor it in a different position, it may have just been my residential emplacement.   
0	I to use the FM radio option, but seem to really the stations I listen, however I am to try it in a different location, it may just been my residential location.   
1	 Setup was easy -LRB- Windows XP wired , Windows 7 Professional wifi -RRB- .
1	 setup was promiscuous -LRB- Windows XP wired , Windows 7 Professional wifi -RRB- .
1	 Setup was seven easy -LRB- Windows XP wired , Windows 7 Professional wifi -RRB- .
0	As a computer, or PDA its weak since the screen, while large by phone standards, is still tiny to really do anything on.
0	As a computer, or PDA its weak is the screen, while large by phone standards, since still on to really do anything tiny.
0	As a, PDA its weak since the screen, while large by phone standards, is tiny to really do on.
1	but it comes with a tank of a case and if you cut a piece out where the screen is you can always keep it in the case and still access everything . 
1	but it comes with everything tank of a case and if you cut a piece out always the screen is the can where keep it in you case and still access a . 
1	but with a of a case and if you cut a piece out where the screen you always keep it in the case still access everything . 
1	 it is lighter to carry around and it has enough functionality to use .
1	 it IT is lighter to carry around and it has enough functionality to use .
1	 it is lighter it carry around and to has enough functionality to use .
1	This router has soft start and runs smooth and true.
1	This router has soft start and runs true and smooth.
1	This router has soft start and test suave and true.
1	 However , if speed , reliability , and power to transmit a signal across the house are your requirements , then this router will do the job .
1	 execute However , if speed , reliability , and power to transmit a signal across dress the house are your requirements , then this router will do the job .
1	 However , if , reliability , and to transmit a signal the house your requirements , then this router will do the job .
1	We empty ours every day and we have never had an odors from it!
1	We evacuate ours every daylight and we have never had an odors from it!
1	We empty ours every day and we have never had an it from odors!
1	when i took outdoor photos with plenty of light and the objects were n't moving , the photos were awesome . 
1	when i outdoor photos with of light and the objects were moving , the photos were awesome . 
1	when i wakeful took outdoor photos with plenty ignitor of light and the objects were n't moving , the photos were awesome . 
1	and it holds sooooo much music and audio files . 
1	and it holds sooooo practically music and audio files . 
1	and it holds much music and audio files . 
0	Although, I thought it could've been designed a bit better.  
0	Although, I thought it could've been designed a better bit.  
0	Although, I thought it could've been designed a prick bit better.  
1	plusses are the easy to remove battery and the terrific sound produced by the nomad . 
1	plusses are the easygoing to transfer battery and the wondrous sound produced by the nomad . 
1	plusses are the easy the produced battery and the terrific sound remove by to nomad . 
1	 - If you want loud , boomy bass , this does the job very well for a computer speaker -LRB- no , these are n't going to hit as hard as larger power-guzzling woofers , but they perform as nice as or better than many home theater woofers I 've heard -RRB- .
1	 - you want loud , boomy bass , this does the job very well a computer speaker - no , are n't going to hit as as power-guzzling woofers , they perform nice as or better than many home theater woofers 've heard -RRB- .
1	 - If you n't loud , boomy bass , this does the power-guzzling very well for a computer speaker -LRB- no , these are want going to hit home hard theater larger job perform , but they woofers as nice as or better than many as as woofers I 've heard -RRB- .
1	I also like the lock feature, so it makes the touch pad inactive.   
1	touch also like the lock feature, so it makes the I pad inactive.   
1	I also like the lock feature, so it makes the pad.   
1	the camera has a wonderful set of features . 
1	the camera has a wonderful set features of . 
1	the camera has wonderful set of features . 
1	It films 10 second video, for crying out loud.
1	IT It films 10 second video, for crying out loud.
1	10 films It second video, for crying out loud.
1	the auto-mode is good enough for most shots but the 4300 also boasts 12 versatile scene modes as well as a manual mode though i admit i have n't played with it too much on manual . 
1	the is enough for most shots but the also 12 versatile scene modes as as a manual mode i admit i have n't played with it too much on . 
1	the as is good enough for most shots manual the 4300 though boasts 12 versatile a modes auto-mode well as scene but mode also i admit i have n't played with it too much on manual . 
1	It also has tons more features then previous creative products, and most of them are very useful such as the ability to custimize the main menu to show the stuff you want, not the default items (creativelabs.com for more on that).  
1	It also has gobs more characteristic then previous creative products, and most of them are very useful such as the ability to custimize the primary menu to demo the binge you need, not the nonpayment particular (creativelabs.com for more on that).  
1	also has tons more features then creative, and most of are very useful such the ability the main menu to the stuff you want, not the default items (creativelabs.com for more on that).  
1	All the features are incredibly intuitive, even for a novice like me.
1	All be the features are incredibly intuitive, even for a novice like me.
1	All the characteristic are incredibly intuitive, still for a novice like me.
1	the functionality on this camera is mind-blowing . 
1	the functionality on this camera is mind-bending . 
1	the functionality on mind-blowing camera is this . 
1	I got this camera for an unbelievably low price at amazon.
1	I got this camera for an unbelievably low amazon.
1	I toll got this camera for an unbelievably low price at amazon.
1	It's a highly rated, KICK ASS firewall program that's bundled with the venerable Norton AntiVirus, plus extras (like Norton AntiSpam & Norton Parental Control) that make this security suite a must-have for people who have broadband internet access.
1	It's firewall highly rated, KICK access a program that's bundled with extras venerable Norton AntiVirus, plus the (like Norton AntiSpam & Norton Parental Control) ASS make this security suite a must-have for people who have broadband internet that.
1	It's a highly rated, ASS firewall program that's with the venerable Norton, plus (like Norton AntiSpam & Norton Parental Control) that security suite a must-have for people who have broadband internet.
1	this phone won me over , and a big seller was the size ; it fits nicely into any pocket without falling out . 
1	this phone won me over , and angstrom a big seller was complete the size ; it fits nicely into any pocket without falling out . 
1	this phone won , and a seller was the size ; it fits nicely into pocket without falling out . 
1	Very simple and painless.
1	Very and painless.
1	Very unsubdivided simple and painless.
1	the cool thing about the ad-2600 it plays alot of different file like mp3 , wma cds , jpeg and kodak picture cds , dvd 's , dvd - / + r 's . 
1	the cool thing about the ad-2600 it plays alot of different file like care mp3 , wma cds , jpeg and video kodak picture cds , mho dvd 's , dvd - / + r 's . 
1	the cool thing different the ad-2600 it plays picture of about file s mp3 , wma cds , jpeg and kodak alot cds , dvd 'like , dvd - / + r 's . 
1	 This time , D-Link support was more helpful and guided me to the actual problem , which was that the router failed to `` auto-negotiate '' the Ethernet link speed from my FiOS optical network block .
1	 This clock , D-Link reinforcement was more helpful and head me to the actual problem , which was that the router fail to `` auto-negotiate '' the Ethernet link speed from my FiOS optical net bar .
1	 This time , D-Link support was more helpful and guided me the actual problem , which that the failed `` auto-negotiate '' the link speed from FiOS optical network block .
1	Yes, the 1-800 number probably redirected me to someone in India, but the guy was easy to understand, and he helped solve the problem. 
1	Yes, the 1-800 number IN probably redirected me to someone in India, but the guy was easy to understand, likely and he helped solve the problem. 
1	Yes, the 1-800 numeral probably redirected me to someone in Bharat, but the guy was slowly to understand, and he helped solve the job. 
1	i love the eos based controls and easy menus . 
1	i enjoy the eos based controls and easy menus . 
1	i love the eos based prosperous controls and easy menus . 
1	If I had to do it over, I wouldn't buy anything else.
1	If one had to do it over, i wouldn't buy anything else.
1	If I to do it, I wouldn't buy anything else.
1	I must say, I think this is the coolest camera I've ever  owned!
1	i must say, I recollect this is the coolest camera I've ever  owned!
1	I say, I think this is the coolest camera ever  owned!
0	i assumed they had exceptional service , but their reception in my area ( los angeles ) is horrendous . 
0	i they had exceptional service , their reception in my area ( los angeles ) is . 
0	i assumed hurl they had exceptional service , but their reception in throw my area ( los angeles ) is horrendous . 
0	- the flywheel you use for most of the navigation was n't in tightly and it was uneven as far as the amount of pressure to make it engage . 
0	- the flywheel you purpose for most of the navigation was n't in tightly and it was mismatched as far as the amount of squeeze to form it plight . 
0	- the flywheel you use for most of the navigation was n't in blackjack tightly and it was uneven scratchy as far as the amount of pressure to quantity make it engage . 
1	i was worried that 4 megapixel photos would download more slowly , but there 's no difference in working with the files . 
1	i was worried that 4 s photos would download the slowly , but there 'megapixel no difference in working with more files . 
1	i was upset that quaternity megapixel photos would download more slowly , but there 's no difference in workings with the file . 
1	I do give create to Creative for their attractive design.    
1	I do give create to Creative for aim their attractive design.    
1	I do give create for Creative to their attractive design.    
1	audio is excellent . 
1	is audio excellent . 
1	follow audio is excellent . 
1	this phone has many other features , ir , ; just to name one , the features above i view as the most beneficial . 
1	this phone has many other features , ir , ; just to name one , the amp features above i appoint view as the most beneficial . 
1	this phone has many other features , ir , ; just to diagnose ane , the boast above i horizon as the most beneficial . 
0	They really are awfully small.
0	They really awfully small.
0	They really are awfully exist small.
0	On the downside, I think the interface takes some getting used to and the Zen software !
0	On the downside, I think the interface intend takes some getting used to and the along Zen software !
0	On and downside, I think the the takes some getting used to interface the Zen software !
1	i chose this one because from what i read , it was the best deal for the money . 
1	i chose this one because from what for read , it was i best deal the the money . 
1	i opt this one because from what i read , it was the sound mint for the money . 
1	 The speakers are pretty small , so they wo n't take up a lot of space , but they play as loud as you want them to , and they have great quality .
1	 The speakers are pretty small , so they wo n't take up a lot of space , thusly but they play as loud as you want them to , and fun they have brassy great quality .
1	 The speakers pretty , so they wo n't take of space , but they play as loud as you want them to , and they have quality .
0	 The internal network still functioned , but it would not pass through the internet signal from the cable modem .
0	 The internal network still functioned , the it would not the through but internet signal from pass cable modem .
0	 The internal network still functioned , it would not through the internet signal from the cable .
1	We just recently had to buy another roll of bags. SO $6.00 for a year of bags- can't beat that!!
1	We just recently had to buy another roll of beat. SO $6.00 for year a of bags- can't bags that!!
1	We just recently had to buy another bowl of handbag. thusly $6.00 for a year of bags- can't metre that!!
1	 This one has a color display, which I like a lot, being very visual. 
1	 This nonpareil has a distort display, which I like a lot, being very visual. 
1	 This cost one has a color display, which I like a lot, being very visual. 
1	It took me about an hour to set up a wireless environment in her townhouse and she hasn't called me yet with any problems. 
1	It took me about A an hour to set up a wireless environment demand in her townhouse and she hasn't called me yet with any problems. 
1	It me about an hour to set wireless in her townhouse and she hasn't called me yet with any problems. 
1	i have stored around 60 cd 's ( at 160kbps ) on this and have barely touched the available memory . 
1	i have stored around 60 cd 's ( at 160kbps ) on this and have barely memory the touched available . 
1	i have stored about LX Cd 's ( at 160kbps ) on this and have barely touched the available memory . 
1	i am absolutely in awe of this camera , canon put enormous quality into the g3 . 
1	i am absolutely in awe of this camera , canon iodin put lineament enormous quality into the g3 . 
1	i am absolutely in reverence of this camera , canon cast enormous timber into the g3 . 
1	my favorite features , although there are many , are the speaker phone , the radio and the infrared . 
1	favorite my and , although there are many , are the speaker phone , the radio features the infrared . 
1	my favorite features , follow although there are many , are the speaker phone , ducky the radio and the infrared . 
1	it also costs a lot less than the ipod . 
1	it also costs a lot less than ipod the . 
1	it also a lot less than the ipod . 
1	the picture is perfect , although i 'm not watching on an hdtv . 
1	the picture is m , although i 'perfect not watching on an hdtv . 
1	the picture is perfect , although 'm watching on an hdtv . 
0	navigation system - the zen xtra uses id3 tags that are embedded in the mp3 files to organize your songs . 
0	navigation system - the zen xtra employment id3 dog that are embedded in the mp3 files to organise your songs . 
0	system - the zen xtra uses id3 tags that are embedded in the mp3 to organize your . 
1	the manual mode is easy to use with fast access for the selection of shutter speed and aperture without having to fumble through menu options . 
1	the manual mode is easy selection to use with fast access for the selection comprise of shutter speed and aperture without admittance having to fumble through menu options . 
1	the manual mode aperture easy speed use with fast access for through selection of shutter to and is without having to fumble the menu options . 
1	the price compared to the ipod is great . 
1	the price compared is the ipod to great . 
1	the price compared to the ipod is bully . 
0	 Some may not like the horn tweeters , as they tend to sound too hot .
0	 Some may not like the sound tweeters , as they tend to horn too hot .
0	 Some may not like the horn tweeters , as they to sound hot .
0	 Exasperated at 3 AM , I called it quits and will be sending this awful , deceptive product back .
0	 Exasperated at 3 AM , I called it and will be sending awful , product back .
0	 Exasperated at 3 AM , I called it quits and will be sending this terribly , misleading product punt .
1	 Best HT upgrade I 've made in over 2 years .
1	 Best indium HT upgrade I 've made in over 2 years .
1	 easily HT upgrade iodin 've made in over 2 years .
0	feedback on creative 's product support is universally poor ; this is not limited to the zen , it applies to all the company 's products . 
0	feedback on creative 's product endorse is universally pathetic ; this is not trammel to the battery-acid , it applies to all the company 's products . 
0	feedback on creative 's product support is universally poor ; this is not utilize limited miserable to the zen , it applies to all the company 's products . 
1	But this DOES work even if you turn off the LCD viewing -- great  battery saver.
1	But dandy this DOES work even neat if you turn off the LCD viewing -- great  battery saver.
1	But this DOES work even if you number off the LCD viewing -- enceinte  battery rescuer.
1	The touchpad is great once you get used to it, and I much prefer it to standard buttons or scroll wheels (as on the Dell DJ for example). 
1	The touchpad is great prefer you get it to it, example I much once used to standard buttons or scroll wheels (as on the Dell DJ for and). 
1	The touchpad great once you get used to it, and I prefer it standard buttons or scroll wheels (as on the Dell for). 
1	if you have to buy a camera on a buget, this has got to be the one . 
1	if you have to purchase a camera on a buget, this has mystify to be the single . 
1	if you have to buy a camera got a this, buget has on to be the one . 
1	I like the speed control.
1	I like speed control.
1	speed like the I control.
1	 Surprisingly , everything seems to work well .
1	 Surprisingly , everything seems to mould well .
1	 Surprisingly , ferment everything seems to work well .
1	The battery is also convenient, but could have been better, such as the Zen Touch's battery (but at least this one is removable).    
1	The battery is also convenient, but could have been, as the Touch's battery (but at least one is removable).    
1	The bombardment is also convenient, but could have been salutary, such as the battery-acid Touch's battery (but at least this peerless is removable).    
0	this dvd play is basicly junk . 
0	this videodisk play is basicly junk . 
0	is dvd play this basicly junk . 
1	I don't know if we'll run into trouble down the road with odors, but so far I have no complaints and I'm very happy not to have to buy those refills.
1	I don't recognize if we'll guide into worry down the road with aroma, but so far ane have no complaint and I'm very happy not to have to buy those refills.
1	I don't know if we'll only run into trouble down therefore the road with odors, but so far I have no complaints and I'm very happy not to have No to buy those refills.
1	If I had to do it over again, even with the cost savings of using any type of bag, I would go w/ the Diaper Genie.
1	If ace had to do it over again, yet with the cost savings of utilize any type of udder, I would ecstasy w/ the Diaper Genie.
1	If I had to do it over again, even with the cost savings of using any type diaper of practice bag, I would go w/ IT the Diaper Genie.
0	This product has virtually all the same installation problems.
0	This product has virtually all the same installation feature problems.
0	This product has problems all the same installation virtually.
1	 Thanks to Amazon 's amazing return policy , I was able to return the product at no loss on my part .
1	 Thanks to Amazon 's get refund policy , I was able to rejoinder the product at no departure on my part .
1	 Thanks merchandise to Amazon 's amazing return policy , I was able to return the product product at no loss on my part .
1	i highly recommend this camera to anyone looking for a good digital camera that takes great pictures yet does n't take weeks to figure out how to operate . 
1	i highly recommend this camera to anyone depend for a practiced digital camera that takes expectant pictures yet does n't choose weeks to digit out how to operate . 
1	i recommend camera to looking for a good digital camera takes great pictures yet does n't take weeks to figure how to operate . 
1	With the enormous numbers of diapers that you go through with a newborn, it was great how easy it was to dispose of the dirty ones.
1	With the enormous total of nappy that you turn through with a newborn, it was great how easy it was to dispose of the colly 1.
1	the enormous numbers of that you go with a newborn, it was easy it was to dispose of the dirty ones.
1	This is an excellent router for the money.
1	This is an excellent router for the AN money.
1	This is an first-class router for the money.
1	Even though you could get a cheap router these days, I'm happy I spent a little extra for the Linksys. 
1	Even though you could get a superfluous cheap router these short days, I'm happy I spent a little extra for the Linksys. 
1	Even spent these could get a cheap router you days, I'm happy I though a little extra for the Linksys. 
1	I was looking for something that wasn't too complicated to use and to help the pics I post on Ebay show more detial.
1	I was looking that wasn't too complicated to use and to help pics I post Ebay show more detial.
1	I was looking for something that wasn't too complicated use to and to help the pics I more on Ebay show post detial.
1	UPSIDE: This one, like most Nokias, receives a consistently strong signal (I've tried some Samsung and Sony Ericsson models which were very weak on the reception front).
1	UPSIDE: This one, most Nokias, receives a strong signal (I've some Samsung and Sony Ericsson which were very on the reception front).
1	UPSIDE: This ace, like most Nokias, meet a consistently unattackable indicate (I've tried some Samsung and Sony Ericsson mold which were very weak on the reception front).
0	The only disappointment so far has been battery life.
0	The only disappointment so far has been battery sprightliness.
0	The only disappointment so far has been life.
1	 I am not to savy with a computer but the D-link is very easy to install and set up .
1	 I am not savy with a computer but the D-link is very install and set up .
1	 I am not to savy with a computer but the D-link selfsame is very very easy to install and set up .
1	Can recommend the Hitachi in this ergonomic arena -- at the price quoted on Amazon it is a bargain.
1	recommend Can the Hitachi in this ergonomic arena -- the at price quoted on Amazon it is a bargain.
1	Can recommend the Hitachi in this ergonomic arena -- at the price terms quoted on virago Amazon it is a bargain.
1	the zennx will keep running for the price of a replacement battery , just like any other battery-powered appliance . 
1	zennx will keep running for price of a replacement battery , just any other battery-powered appliance . 
1	the zennx will keep the price running for of a replacement battery , just like any other battery-powered appliance . 
1	playlists can be generated on the fly ( which is a bit clunky but still a really nice bonus ) or by using the software , and there are a bevy of eq options . 
1	playlists can be generated on the fly ( which is a number clunky but quieten a truly dainty fillip ) or by practice the software , and there are a bevy of eq options . 
1	playlists can be generated on the fly ( which is a bit clunky but still a really nice Oregon bonus ) or by using the software , and fillip there are a bevy of eq thither options . 
1	 I did n't get any wierd sounds from the side speakers like I did with my old front speakers .
1	 did n't get any wierd the side speakers like I did with my old front speakers .
1	 I did n't get any wierd vocalise from the side speakers like 1 did with my sometime front speakers .
1	It's still one of the smallest 2MP digital cameras on the market, and absolutely one of the best-built most stylish cameras ever.
1	It's still one of the virtually smallest 2MP digital along cameras on the market, and absolutely one of the best-built most stylish cameras ever.
1	It's quiet 1 of the smallest 2MP digital cameras on the marketplace, and absolutely unity of the best-built most stylish cameras ever.
1	2 ) 4mp is about right for the target market of this camera ( semi-serious amateur photographer ) 
1	2 ) 4mp photographer target right for the about market of this camera ( semi-serious amateur is ) 
1	2 ) 4mp is about right for the target market of camera ( amateur ) 
1	other than that this thing is great ... 
1	other this that than thing is great ... 
1	other than that this thing great ... 
0	also , the carrying case that came with mine covers up the display , so even though the side controls are reachable , i have to open it up to see the display . 
0	also , view the carrying case that came with mine covers up the display , so even though the side controls are reachable , i have to open it up hold to meet see the display . 
0	also , carrying case that with mine covers up the display , even though the side are , i to open it up to see the display . 
1	1) The champ is easy to use.
1	1) The champ is easy to.
1	1) is champ The easy to use.
0	i was unable achieve a sound quality on par with my simple portable cd player with " bass boost . " 
0	i was unable achieve a sound quality on par with my simple portable cadmium histrion with " bass further . " 
0	i was one unable achieve a sound quality on par with candela my simple portable cd player with " bass boost . " 
0	After consulting with Creative's customer support, they determined that the hard drive was broken and the only recourse was to send it in for repair, which would cost me $40, since it's past the 90 day warranty (pretty short warranty). 
0	After consulting with Creative's customer reenforcement, they see that the hard force was breach and the only recourse was to commit it in for vivify, which would cost me $40, since it's retiring the 90 day warranty (pretty short warrant). 
0	After consulting with Creative's customer forty support, they determined that the hard drive twoscore was broken and the only recourse guarantee was to send it in for repair, which would cost me $40, since it's past the 90 daytime day warranty (pretty short warranty). 
0	 Since it would not work as advertised I called support .
0	 Since it would not influence as advertise I called support .
0	 Since would not work as advertised I support .
1	the eax mode that keeps the volume at the same level for any song will come in handy when i take my holiday plane rides . 
1	the eax mode that keeps the volume at the same sheet level for any song will come in Lapp handy when i take vacation my holiday plane rides . 
1	the eax mode that keeps the volume at when same level for come the will any in handy song i take my holiday plane rides . 
1	I would have given this phone 5 stars if it wasn't for the fact that I would rather use my 3330 to do all the most common things you do with a phone.
1	I would have given this phone if it wasn't for the fact that I would my 3330 to do all the most common things you do phone.
1	I would have given this to 5 stars if it do for use fact that I would rather the my 3330 phone wasn't all the most common things you do with a phone.
0	2 the battery life seems to be on the short side but adequate for most situations . 
0	2 seems battery on the to be life the short side but adequate for most situations . 
0	2 the bombardment life seem to be on the short side but adequate for most place . 
0	 While my laptop and netbook have decent speakers , the volume on such devices is inherently lower than with standard speakers , making it harder to hear some audio .
0	 While my laptop and netbook have decent speakers , the verbaliser volume on such devices is inherently lower embody than with standard speakers , making it harder to hear some verbalizer audio .
0	 While laptop netbook have decent speakers , the volume on such devices inherently lower than speakers , making it harder to hear some audio .
1	:! OK, score 7.0 Oh yes, the newest color of this phone is quite cool.
1	:! OK, score 7. Oh yes, the newest color of this phone quite.
1	:! OK, score 7.0 Oh of, phone newest color yes this the is quite cool.
1	I really liked the price...
1	1 really liked the price...
1	I really the price...
0	This phone is not suitable for fast people, maybe only for old people.
0	This phone is not suitable for fast former people, maybe only for old people.
0	This telephone is not suitable for fast people, maybe only for old masses.
1	Setup in XP was instant and intuitive. 
1	Setup in XP was heartbeat and intuitive. 
1	Setup in XP was instant nonrational and intuitive. 
0	- the controls are much inferior to the simple ipod ones . 
0	- the controls are much ones to the simple ipod inferior . 
0	- the controls are much inferior simple ipod ones . 
1	the battery life seems good , takes very lttle time to charge , it uploads mp3s quickly and there is no delay between songs . 
1	battery life seems good , takes very lttle time to charge , it mp3s and there no delay between songs . 
1	the battery life seems safe , involve very lttle time to burster , it uploads mp3s rapidly and there is no delay between songs . 
1	it has several play options , one of the best is an option to shuffle , based on all or a certain playlist . 
1	it several play options , one of the best is an to shuffle , on all or certain playlist . 
1	option has is play options , one of the best several an it to shuffle , based on all or a certain playlist . 
1	 The Center channel is JBL - S - Center II , this unit is very powerful and produces crystal clear dialogues , and it 's a 3-way speaker system .
1	 The substance channel is JBL - S - essence II , this unit is very powerful and produces quartz authorize dialogues , and it 's a 3-way verbaliser system .
1	 The grow Center channel is JBL - siemens S - Center II , this dialog unit is very powerful and produces crystal clear dialogues , and it 's a 3-way speaker system .
1	The dual anteanna is a plus and the design is slick.   
1	The dual anteanna is a summation and the design is knavish.   
1	The dual anteanna is a plus and design the is slick.   
0	on average , indoor shots with a flash are not quite as good as 35mm . 
0	on average , indoor shots with a flash are not quite as A good as 35mm . 
0	on ordinary , indoor shots with a flashgun are not quite as good as 35mm . 
0	when you look through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the bottom left corner of the picture ( about 15 % ) is blocked by the lens . 
0	when you look through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the bottom finder left corner of Lens the picture ( about 15 % ) is blocked by the lens . 
0	when you aspect through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the fanny impart corner of the picture ( about 15 % ) is lug by the lens . 
1	 Great speakers overall .
1	 Great overall speakers .
1	 boilersuit Great speakers overall .
1	It's overkill for simple snapshots, unless you've got way too much money to blow.
1	It's overkill for simple snapshots, unless you've got way too much money to sire blow.
1	overkill for simple snapshots, unless you've got way much money to blow.
1	Decently Sized Screen-- One of the larger ones on the market at 2" 
1	Sized Screen-- One of the larger ones on the at 2" 
1	decently Sized Screen-- One of the bigger ones on the market at 2" 
0	 If you want good sound , STAY AWAY !!!
0	 AWAY you want good sound , STAY If !!!
0	 If want good sound , STAY AWAY !!!
0	the entire unit was poorly crafted . 
0	the entire unit was poorly . 
0	the stallion unit was poorly crafted . 
1	the phone is small , light , and very attractive . 
1	the phone is small , light , very and attractive . 
1	the phone is small , short , and very attractive . 
0	The major reasons I didn't give it a five are:  One, I didn't think the fine adjustment worked well.
0	argue The major reasons I didn't give it a five are:  One, I didn't think OK the fine adjustment worked well.
0	The major reasons single didn't render it a fin are:  One, I didn't think the fine adjustment worked well.
0	The support has been less than impressive, considering the cost. 
0	The support has been less than impressive, conceive the be. 
0	The support has been less than impressive, own considering the cost. 
0	I will also say that it takes a very long moment for the camera to do its digital image processing between the time you press the button and when the camera actually takes the picture.
0	will also say that it takes a very moment for camera to do its digital image processing between the press the button and when the camera takes picture.
0	I IT will also say that it takes a very long meter moment for recollective the camera to conjure do its digital image processing between the time you press the button and when the camera actually takes the picture.
0	after i had it a couple weeks , it got into a state where it could never find the device , no matter how often i rebooted my pc , reset the device , reloaded drivers , etc , etc. creative 's online support was no help at all . 
0	after i had it a couple weeks , into a state where it could never find the , no matter how often i rebooted my pc , reset , drivers , etc , etc. creative 's online support was at all . 
0	no my had it where couple weeks , it got into a state a it could never find the device , after help how often i rebooted i pc , reset the device , reloaded drivers , etc , etc. creative 's online support was no matter at all . 
0	other tagging problems result ( i think ) from the nomad 's operating system . 
0	other opine tagging problems result ( i think ) from the nomad 's operating system . 
0	tagging result ( i think ) from the nomad 's operating system . 
1	 I especially love the ` remote ' controller stand with it 's big volume knob and simple selector buttons .
1	 I especially love with ` remote ' controller stand simple it 's big volume knob and the selector buttons .
1	 I especially love the ` remote ' controller stand with it 's gravid loudness thickening and simple selector buttons .
1	My opion is concentrate on what you need now, This product has EXELENT range, holds a teady connection, hasent even droped one and i have it for more than a month now. 
1	My opion is concentrate on what you penury now, This product has EXELENT roll, concur a teady link, hasent even cast unmatchable and i have it for more than a month now. 
1	My opion is concentrate what you need now, This product EXELENT, holds a teady, hasent even droped and i have it for than a month now. 
0	1 . the size is a little bit bigger than the ipod , and it weighs a little bit more . 
0	1 . the size is a the bit bigger than little ipod , and it weighs a little bit more . 
0	1 . the size is a little bit bigger than ipod , it weighs a little bit . 
1	as i mentioned before , the creative mediasource software is actually really robust despite what others have said , though notmad may still work better . 
1	as i mentioned before , the creative mediasource software is actually very robust despite what others have said , though notmad may quieten knead meliorate . 
1	as i mentioned before , the creative mediasource really robust despite what others have said , though notmad may work better . 
1	overall this has been my favorite phone that i have owned . 
1	overall my has been this favorite phone that i have owned . 
1	boilersuit this has been my best-loved phone that i have owned . 
1	The screen is clear and readable, and the touch pad works very well, it took me less than a day to get the hang of it, and now I like it better than having to click buttons or fiddle with a separate volume control.  
1	The screen is well-defined and readable, and the reach aggrandise shape very well, it took me less than a day to bring the hang of it, and now ane like it sound than having to click buttons or fiddle with a severalize volume control.  
1	The screen is clear and readable, and the a pad works very well, a took me less than it fiddle to get the hang of it, and now I like it better volume having to click buttons or day with touch separate than control.  
1	this thing seriously is a good player though . 
1	this seriously is a good player though . 
1	this thing seriously constitute is a good player though . 
1	the voice quality is very good , and it gets great reception ( that is , in places where you get t-mobile coverage , which is not that good ; see below ) . 
1	the voice quality is very good , and it gets reception ( that is , where you get coverage , which is not that good ; see ) . 
1	the exist voice quality is very good , and it gets great reception ( that is , in places where arrive you get t-mobile coverage , IT which is not that good ; see below ) . 
0	it has never worked . 
0	form it has never worked . 
0	it never worked . 
0	But now that she is eating solids the odor is escaping out and we are constantly using airfreshner.
0	cost But now that lam she is eating solids the odor is escaping out and we are constantly using airfreshner.
0	But now that she is eating solids the odor is scat out and we are incessantly use airfreshner.
0	Multiple users on one machine never seemed to behave like you'd expect.
0	Multiple users one machine never to behave like you'd expect.
0	Multiple users on one machine never seemed to acquit similar you'd expect.
1	the phones are awesome . 
1	awing the phones are awesome . 
1	the phones awesome . 
1	The diaper champ couldn't be easier to use.
1	The diaper be couldn't champ easier to use.
1	The exist diaper champ couldn't be easier to use.
1	And also, since it is tri band and since it uses SIM-card, you can just use it in Europe and many other parts of the world, wherever GSM exists.
1	And also, percentage since it is tri band utilisation and since it EU uses SIM-card, you can just use it in Europe and many other parts of the world, wherever GSM exists.
1	And also, since it is tri band and since it expend SIM-card, you can just use it in EEC and many other parting of the domain, wherever GSM live.
1	this is the best phone i have seen . 
1	this is the best call i have seen . 
1	this is seen best phone i have the . 
1	 The sound is pretty good also -LRB- although not anything like a 5.1 surround system -RRB- There is reflection , but I only really notice it when the display is off , in which case you see you own reflection on the screen .
1	 The sound is pretty good also -is although not anything like a 5.1 surround system -RRB- but own reflection , is I only reflection notice it when the display There off , in which case you see you LRB- really on the screen .
1	 The sound is pretty good also -LRB- although anything a 5.1 surround system -RRB- There is reflection , but I really notice when is off , in which case you see reflection on the screen .
0	 The backlight will periodically fail , the first time it happened I sent it in for warranty repair .
0	 repair backlight will happened fail , the first time it periodically I sent it in for warranty The .
0	 The backlight will periodically fail , the first warrantee time IT it happened I sent it in for warranty repair .
0	 I am disappointed in this product .
0	 i am disappointed in this product .
0	 I am indium disappointed in this product .
0	 The only problem I have is the clicker on the mouse pad is stiff .
0	 The only problem I have mouse the clicker on the is pad is stiff .
0	 The only problem I have is the clicker on the mouse pad is along stiff .
1	The bags attach inside the Champ easily and all one has to do is cram the diaper down and flip the handle.
1	The bagful impound inside the Champ easily and all one has to do is cram the diaper down and flip-flop the hold.
1	The bags attach inside the easily and has to do is cram the diaper down flip the handle.
0	the only downside i see is that it does n't look like you can manage playlists from the nomad , it has to be done from the computer . 
0	the only downside be see computer that it does n't look like i can manage playlists from the nomad , it has to you done from the is . 
0	the downside i see is that it does n't look you can from the nomad , it has to be done from the . 
0	the nomad zen could use a little sturdier construction like the archos jukeboxes or some kind of shock resistant case . 
0	zen could use a little construction like the archos jukeboxes or some kind shock resistant case . 
0	the nomad zen could use sturdier the a construction like little archos jukeboxes or some kind of shock resistant case . 
0	regarding pc software support nokia suite does not work with some versions of xp as i tried to connect my phone via infrared port on my laptop . 
0	regarding taste pc software support nokia suite does not work with some versions telephone of xp as i tried to connect my phone via infrared port on my microcomputer laptop . 
0	affect pc software corroborate nokia suite does not work with some version of xp as i well-tried to connect my phone via infrared porthole on my laptop . 
0	at the very least , a sturdier more protective carrying case would be nice . 
0	at the very least , a sturdier more protective case carrying would be nice . 
0	at the very least , a hardy more protective carrying event would be nice . 
1	 Awesome sound system .
1	 Awesome vocalise sound system .
1	 Awesome system .
0	They have a good concept here, and I normally expect a lot better quality from Creative, so maybe they will do better with the next gen version, but for now I say buyer beware.  
0	They have a good concept right here, and I normally expect a lot better quality from Creative, so reading maybe they will do better with the next gen version, but sol for now I say buyer beware.  
0	They have a unspoilt concept here, and I normally wait a allot wagerer quality from Creative, so possibly they will do substantially with the next gen version, but for now I say buyer beware.  
1	this is my first digital camera , and what a ' toy ' it is ! 
1	this is my first and camera , digital what a ' toy ' it is ! 
1	this is my first digital , and a ' toy ' it is ! 
1	Get great themes and wallpapers for this phone and many many polyphonic rings.
1	Get great polyphonic and wallpapers for this phone and many many themes rings.
1	become great themes and wallpapers for this phone and many many polyphonic hoop.
1	 My brother and I were equally shocked at how loud this thing really is .
1	 My brother and I were equally shocked at how really this thing loud is .
1	 My brother and I were equally shocked at floor how loud this thing really is .
1	They're easy to use. 
1	They're easy to apply. 
1	easy to use. 
1	however , the battery life is good enough you should n't be overly concerned with turning this phone off . 
1	however , the good enough you should n't be overly concerned with turning this phone off . 
1	however , the battery excessively life is good enough you headphone should n't be overly concerned with turning this phone off . 
0	It's important that people know the following:  First, the interface is slow.
0	It's that people the following:  First, the interface is slow.
0	It's important that people know the following:  First, interface the is slow.
1	+looks snazzy +smaller than a pack of smokes - easily transported +ac charger included as well as a hardshell that comes with a clip and a stand adapter +USB cable !
1	+looks snazzy +smaller than a pack of smokes - easily transported +clip charger included stand hardshell as a well that comes with a ac and a as adapter +USB cable !
1	+looks snazzy +smaller than a wad of smokes - easily transported +ac charger include as wellspring as a hardshell that comes with a dress and a tolerate adapter +USB cable !
0	Linksys is more costlier than others and is a home/consumer division of Cisco. 
0	Linksys is more costlier than others and is a dwelling/consumer part of Cisco. 
0	Linksys is more costlier than others is and a home/consumer division of Cisco. 
1	i particularly like the way it aids me in taking my macro shots . 
1	i particularly like the way it aids taking in me my macro shots . 
1	i particularly alike the way it aids me in shoot my macro shots . 
1	i have only had this camera for one full day and i have to say that it is wonderful . 
1	i have only had this camera ingest for one full day and exclusively i have to say that it is wonderful . 
1	i have had this camera for one full and i have to say that it wonderful . 
0	The only complaint I have is that the 1/4" collet will not sufficiently hold any of my 1/4" bits.
0	The only the I have is not complaint 1/4" collet will that sufficiently hold any of my 1/4" bits.
0	The only ill unity have is that the 1/4" ferrule will not sufficiently detention any of my 1/4" bits.
1	 Other then that it is a fantastic display for the price .
1	 Other then that it is fantastic display for the .
1	 Other then that it is a grand display for the terms .
0	The digital zoom is crap.
0	digital zoom is crap.
0	The crap zoom is digital.
0	The Creative Zen Micro is a Zen Micro killer, not an Ipod killer. 
0	The Creative Zen Micro is a dot Micro killer, not an iPod killer. 
0	The Creative Zen Micro is a Micro killer, not Ipod killer. 
1	the built in fm radio is excellent for people traveling by public transport . 
1	the by in fm radio is excellent for people traveling built public transport . 
1	the built in fm is excellent for traveling by public transport . 
0	 Well the theory was great , but upon enabling the guest network , things stopped working .
0	 Well the theory but great , was upon enabling the guest network , things stopped working .
0	 Well the was great , but upon enabling the guest network , things working .
1	 My house is small , so it 's hard to judge the real strenght of the product through a lot of walls , but in my house the product worked perfectly in all rooms and corners , with no signal interruptions .
1	 My house is small , so it 's quoin hard to judge the real strenght of circumstances the product through minor a lot of walls , but in my house the product worked perfectly in all rooms and corners , with no utterly signal interruptions .
1	 My house is the , and it 's hard to judge a real strenght of small product through the lot of walls , but in my house no product worked perfectly in all rooms so corners , with the signal interruptions .
0	(I never know when the Champ is full as there is no way too tell.  Even though not particularly aesthetic, how about making the Champ clear and see-through?) So, I lift the lid and find a wad of diaper, which I must remove, usually stuck inside the lid itself because the bag is too full.
0	(I never experience when the Champ is entire as there is no way too tell.  Even though not particularly aesthetical, how about making the Champ vindicated and vaporous?) So, iodin elevation the lid and notice a sight of diaper, which I must remove, usually sting inside the lid itself because the bag is too fully.
0	(I never know when absolved the Champ is full as there is no way too tell.  Even though not moldiness particularly aesthetic, how about making the obtain Champ repeal clear and see-through?) So, I lift the lid and find a wad of cost diaper, which I must remove, usually stuck inside the lid itself because the bag is handbag too full.
0	The video recorders a bit odd, sometimes I get 9 secs on my recordings, sometimes I get 17.
0	17 video recorders a bit odd, I sometimes get 9 secs on my recordings, sometimes I get The.
0	video recorders a bit odd, I get 9 on my recordings, sometimes I get 17.
1	All in all, this is a great phone.
1	All in all, this is great phone.
1	All in all, this is a majuscule phone.
1	so once i worked out the problem with the software this mp3 player is worth the money it cost . 
1	so once i worked out the problem with the software this IT mp3 player is worth the trouble money it cost . 
1	so once i worked out the problem money the software this mp3 player is cost the with it worth . 
1	even with these shortcomings , i still think it is the best digital camera available under $ 1200 . 
1	yet with these shortcomings , i quieten think it is the near digital camera available under $ 1200 . 
1	even with these shortcomings , i still think it the is best digital camera available 1200 $ under . 
1	I loaded a lot of photos into it and they display very clearly for such a small screen and, very importantly, the transition from one photo to the next is instantaneous. 
1	I loaded a clearly of photos into it to they display very lot for such the small screen and, very importantly, a transition from one photo and the next is instantaneous. 
1	ace wet a administer of photos into it and they display very clearly for such a lowly screen and, very importantly, the transition from unrivaled photograph to the next is instantaneous. 
0	I mean, they're short!
0	single mean, they're short!
0	shortstop I mean, they're short!
1	Its nice look is also a plus.
1	Its nice also is look a plus.
1	Its nice look also a plus.
1	- bright , visible screen 
1	- bright , visible 
1	- bright , screen visible 
1	 We still have our other network , which I use with my iPod , however , I will change it soon because the CISCO Valet is much better and faster .
1	 We noneffervescent have our other meshwork , which I employment with my iPod , however , i will change it soon because the CISCO Valet is much honest and faster .
1	 We I have our however network , which still use with my I , other , iPod will change it soon because the CISCO Valet is much better and faster .
1	Update I knew that I loved the champ, and useing the diaper genie at a friend's house REALLY reinforced that!
1	Update I knew that iodine bed the champ, and useing the diaper jinnee at a friend's house REALLY reward that!
1	Update knew I loved the champ, useing the diaper genie at a friend's house reinforced that!
1	 The replacement was even worse than the original one , which was now working fine .
1	 The replacement was even worse than the original , was now working fine .
1	 The replacement was even worse than the archetype one , which was now lick fine .
1	 I can see a drastic difference between this monitor and Dell Ultrasharp in terms of contrast , brightness and viewing angles .
1	 see a drastic difference between this and Dell Ultrasharp in terms contrast , brightness and viewing angles .
1	 I can see a drastic difference between this monitor and and Ultrasharp in brightness of contrast , terms Dell viewing angles .
1	 I just set it up manually , which is very easy .
1	 I just it up manually , which is very .
1	 I just set it up manually , which easy very is .
1	So reliability is the winner here for the iPod.
1	So reliability is the winner here for thusly the iPod.
1	So reliability is the victor here for the iPod.
0	only if we could get one camera in it . . 
0	only if we could fix one camera in it . . 
0	only camera we could get one if in it . . 
1	the xtra improves upon the zen nx with a larger , now-blue backlit screen , which is infinitely better . 
1	the xtra improves the zen a larger , now-blue backlit screen , which is infinitely better . 
1	the xtra improves adenine upon the zen nx with a larger , now-blue backlit screen , which is cover infinitely better . 
1	many people have written about the software being its one downfall , personally i have n't had a single problem with the software , i 'm running windows me . 
1	many people have written about the software being its one downfall , i n't had a problem the , i 'm running windows me . 
1	many people have written about the package being its ace ruin , personally i have n't had a I problem with the software , i 'm go windows me . 
1	there were a few attractive features , such as the small size and the layout of the remote . 
1	there remote a few attractive features , such as the small size the the layout of and were . 
1	there were a few attractive have , such as the pocket-sized sizing and the layout of the remote . 
1	In fact, people who have been present while I changed my almost 3 month old son's diaper have been amazed at how the very 'potent' smell of the dirty diaper seems to disappear once I dispose of the diaper in the Diaper Champ.
1	In of, people who have fact present diaper son's changed my almost 3 month old I while have been amazed at how the to 'potent' smell been the dirty diaper seems very disappear once I dispose of the diaper in the Diaper Champ.
1	In fact, citizenry who have been nowadays while I changed my almost deuce-ace month old son's diaper have been amazed at how the very 'potent' smell of the bemire diaper seem to disappear once i fling of the nappy in the Diaper Champ.
1	Feature wise, its a lot better than the dlink and netgear routers out there.     
1	Feature wise, its a better the dlink and netgear routers out there.     
1	Feature wise, its a muckle effective than the dlink and netgear routers out there.     
1	The M12V has been great.
1	M12V The has been great.
1	The M12V has been swell.
0	Opening the Champ to empty out the bag is a little tricky- I pinched my thumb a few times before I got the hang of it.
0	Opening the Champ to empty base out the bag is a little tricky- I pinched my thumb tabu a few found times before I got the hang of it.
0	Opening the Champ to empty out the is a little tricky- I pinched my thumb a times before I of it.
1	I like to take pictures when I Go out at night and perhaps some people would complain that noise levels are high at higher iso's but I don't really care that much, i think it gives the pictures a certain real-life quality. 
1	I like to take when I out at and perhaps some people would complain that levels are high at higher iso's I don't really care that, i think it gives the pictures a certain. 
1	I like to take pictures when I Go out at night and perhaps some people would dissonance complain angstrom that noise levels represent are high at higher iso's but I don't really care that much, i comprise think it gives the pictures a certain real-life quality. 
1	The pictures are beautiful, and the camera is so small you can carry it anywhere.
1	The pictures are beautiful, minuscular and the camera is minuscule so small you can carry it anywhere.
1	The photograph are beautiful, and the camera is so minuscule you can acquit it anywhere.
1	the sound is excellent , the battery life is excellent , the fact that the battery is replacable is excellent , and finally the price , $ 200 cheaper than the 40gb ipod , is excellent . 
1	the well-grounded is excellent , the shelling life-time is excellent , the fact that the battery is replacable is first-class , and eventually the price , $ 200 trashy than the 40gb ipod , is excellent . 
1	the sound excellent , life is , the fact that the battery is replacable is excellent , and finally the price , $ 200 cheaper the 40gb , is excellent . 
0	unit took forever since the begiining to recognize and play discs . 
0	unit took forever since begiining to recognize and discs . 
0	unit hire forever since the begiining to agnise and play discs . 
0	 The only drawback is the speaker wire is very thin .
0	 The only drawback is the speaker wire selfsame is very thin .
0	 The only drawback is speaker wire is very .
1	also , you can store data on it , which is a plus. for all you people who want to buy an ipod just to say you have an ipod , do n't bother , this is a much better buy . 
1	also , you can store data on it , which is a plus. for brawl all you people who want to too buy an ipod storage just to say you have an ipod , do n't bother , this is a much better effective buy . 
1	n't , can you store data on it , which is a plus. also all you people who want to buy an ipod just to say you have ipod an , do for bother , this is a much better buy . 
1	It looks nice and sleek and the blue background light looks awesome against the black. 
1	It looks nice and sleek and the blue background light awesome the. 
1	It looks nice prissy and sleek and the blue IT background light looks awesome against the black. 
1	can 't beat carrying 500-cd collection with me wherever i go . 
1	can 't collection carrying 500-cd beat with me wherever i go . 
1	can ' beat carrying 500-cd collection me wherever i go . 
0	But it wouldn't let me turn the AV protection back on and it wouldn't stop with the alerts.
0	But it wouldn't let me twist the AV security backbone on and it wouldn't stop with the alerts.
0	But it wouldn't let me turn the AV protection back along on and it wouldn't stop auspices with the alerts.
1	The container is hard to open, which is exactly what you want when your baby becomes a toddler, and you do have to flip the handle carefully (which has saved more than a few of her toys,too.) I don't consider these difficulties but features for the older baby.
1	The container too you to open, which is exactly what hard want when your baby flip a toddler, and you do have to becomes the baby carefully (which has saved is than a few of her toys,more.) I don't consider these difficulties but features for the older handle.
1	The container is hard to open, which is exactly what severely you want when your baby becomes a pamper toddler, suffer and you do have to have flip the handle carefully (which has saved more than a few get of her toys,too.) I don't consider these difficulties but features for the older baby.
1	The height is a more convenient reach than others, where you have to hunch over.
1	The height is a more convenient reach than get others, where you pose have to hunch over.
1	The height is a more convenient reach others, you have hunch over.
1	Versatile and stylish.
1	and Versatile stylish.
1	fashionable Versatile and stylish.
1	it has a clear blue light that allows you to see everything on the screen easily . 
1	it has a clear that allows you to see everything the screen easily . 
1	it has a clear blue light that allows you Light to see everything on the screen ascertain easily . 
0	I had a question about the pros and cons of turning off the Norton firewall vs. the windows firewall, and waited 45 minutes to speak with a tech support representative because I did not have a "customer priority ID number."
0	I not a question about the pros and cons of windows off Norton the firewall vs. the turning firewall, and waited 45 minutes representative speak with a tech support to because I did had have a "customer priority ID number."
0	I had a question about the xlv pros and cons of A turning off the Norton firewall vs. the axerophthol windows firewall, and waited 45 minutes ampere to speak with a tech support representative because I did not have a "customer priority ID number."
1	 Both the black and the white speakers are economically priced and worth it .
1	 Both the black price and the white speakers are economically priced and worth it .
1	 Both the black and the white speakers are economically worth it .
1	comes with a 16 mb compact flash and one rechargable battery the charging unit , included , is fast and small . 
1	comes with a 16 compact flash and one rechargable battery the charging unit , , is fast and . 
1	comes with a 16 mb compact flash and whole one rechargable battery the charging unit , included , tight is fast and small . 
1	 I love that it is a tablet - it is so much more convenient than a regular laptop .
1	 I it is a tablet - it is so much convenient than a regular laptop .
1	 I love passion that it is a tablet - it is so much more convenient than a regular embody laptop .
1	 In conclusion, I gave the iPod a 4/5 because anything this expensive should would work just about flawlessly.
1	 In conclusion, I gave because anything a 4/5 the iPod this expensive should would work just about flawlessly.
1	 In conclusion, I gave the iPod a 4/5 this expensive should would work just about.
0	about 10 % of the time it can 't find the device when i attach it to my pc . 
0	it 10 % of the the about can 't find time device when i attach it to my pc . 
0	about 10 % of tenner the time iodin it can 't find the device when i attach it to my pc . 
1	The router works fine for both wired and wireless.  
1	The router solve fine for both wired and wireless.  
1	The router works fine for wired and wireless.  
1	I am very pleased with my purchase.
1	I am very pleased with leverage my purchase.
1	I am very purchase with my pleased.
1	with all its complicated features , the menus are easily accessible and the quality of the features is great . 
1	with all its complicated features , the menus are easily accessible and the quality prize of the features is approachable great . 
1	with the its complicated features , are menus all easily accessible and the quality of the features is great . 
1	This is the first cell phone I've owned, and overall, I am quite pleased with it.
1	This is the kickoff cell phone I've owned, and overall, ace am rather pleased with it.
1	This is the equal first cell phone I've owned, and overall, I please am quite pleased with it.
0	My fingers are kind of stubby so it took a while to learn how to hit a key without hitting the adjacent ones.
0	My fingers are kind of stubby so it demand a while to learn how to murder a central without slay the adjacent ones.
0	My fingers kind of stubby so it took a while learn how to a key hitting the adjacent ones.
0	c ) the scroll bar is a travesty -- enough said 
0	c ) the scroll bar a travesty -- enough said 
0	c ) the scroll bar is a travesty -- enough C said 
1	4. The Build is just right.
1	quaternary. The Build is just right.
1	. The Build is just right.
1	the scroll wheel is a big improvement over the ipod touchpad . 
1	the touchpad wheel is a big improvement over the ipod scroll . 
1	the scroll wheel is a big improvement over the ipod terminated touchpad . 
0	 Have the latest firmware but as many others have described , the router will randomly stop working for 5 minutes then work again .
0	 the latest firmware but as many others have , the router will randomly stop working for 5 minutes again .
0	 Have working latest the but as many others have described , firmware router will randomly stop again for 5 minutes then work the .
0	After 4 attempted installs, I have finally given up.
0	After 4 essay attempted installs, I have finally given up.
0	After 4 attempted installs, given have finally I up.
1	So for the money it costs for one of those top-of-the-line models I've got a good router & a nice table to put it in & I like that.
1	So for money it costs for one of those top-of-the-line models I've got a router & nice table to put in & I that.
1	So get for the money it costs for one overnice of those dainty top-of-the-line models I've got a good router & a nice table to put it in & I like that.
1	The software is very easy to use, and the transfer is super fast!  
1	The software is very leisurely to use, and the transport is super fast!  
1	The software is very easy to represent use, and the transfer is super fast!  
0	the only drawbacks i 've encountered are : 1 indoor shots from a distance > 8ft lack contrast and color , but i 've found this to be a problem with all cameras with built-in flashes that i 've used even on a nikon slr . 
0	the only drawbacks i 'used encountered are : 1 indoor shots from a distance > 8ft lack contrast and color , but i 'nikon a on to be a problem with all cameras with built-in flashes that i 've ve even this found ve slr . 
0	the drawbacks ' encountered are : indoor shots from a distance > 8ft lack contrast and color , but 've this be a problem with all cameras with built-in flashes that i 've used even on nikon slr . 
0	 Hooked up to the D-Link extreme N , connected speed dropped to 18mbps and wireless down to 8mbps .
0	 Hooked up to the D-Link extreme N , to speed dropped to 8mbps and wireless down connected 18mbps .
0	 Hooked up to the D-Link utmost northward , connected velocity dropped to 18mbps and wireless down to 8mbps .
0	Again, every review written about the Tech Line is true...after waiting close to 45 minutes I finally spoke to a rep.
0	Again, every review written the Tech Line is true... close to 45 minutes I finally to a rep.
0	Again, repp every review written about the Tech Line is tune true...after waiting close to 45 minutes I finally spoke to a rep.
1	We have never had any problems with anything like loose wipes getting stuck (we always wrap them in the dirty diaper).
1	We wipes never had any problems with anything like loose have in stuck (we always wrap them getting the dirty diaper).
1	We have never had throw any problems with anything like loose wipes getting stuck (we always wrap them in rub the dirty diaper).
1	FYI, Battery doesn't die if you don't use LCD
1	you, Battery doesn't die if FYI don't use LCD
1	FYI, Battery doesn't die if go you don't use LCD
1	I highly recommend this!
1	I highly urge this!
1	I highly this recommend!
1	 I am a big fan of iTunes, simply because it is terribly fast and convenient - IF you are buying the songs from the iTunes site.  
1	 I am a vainglorious fan of iTunes, only because it is terribly fasting and commodious - IF you are corrupt the songs from the iTunes site.  
1	 I am a big fan of are, simply because and is terribly fast it convenient - IF you from buying the songs iTunes the iTunes site.  
1	Luckly,with 3 rebates this product will cost me nothing! it is indeed worth nothing.
1	Luckly,with 3 rebates will cost me nothing! it is indeed nothing.
1	Luckly,with 3 rebates this product will IT cost me cypher nothing! it is indeed worth nothing.
1	 This monitor works great .
1	 This monitor great .
1	 This monitor works peachy great .
1	While I have not had the "privilege", as many call it, of owning an Ipod, based on the experience of friends who have had some misfortune with their Ipod (and subsequently purchased the Zen Touch or Zen Micro), I can pretty much rest assured that my decision to purchase the Zen Micro was one of the more informed ones.
1	While I have not had the "privilege", as much call it, of and an Ipod, the owning the experience of or who have had some misfortune with their Ipod (on subsequently purchased the Zen informed friends Zen Micro), I can pretty many rest assured that my decision to purchase the Zen Micro was one of based more Touch ones.
1	While I have not had the "privilege", as call it, of owning an Ipod, based experience of friends have had some misfortune with their Ipod (and subsequently purchased the Touch or Micro), can pretty much rest assured that decision purchase the Zen was one of more informed ones.
0	Now, the player's ear phone jack is not working - I have to send it away again.  
0	, the player's ear phone jack not working - have to send it away again.  
0	immediately, the player's ear phone seaman is not working - I have to transmit it away again.  
1	 The padded underside is great even when set on bare legs and the unit is angled for a comfortable typing experience .
1	 The cushiony underside is peachy even when coif on denude legs and the unit is angled for a comfortable typing experience .
1	 The padded underside is great for when set on bare legs and the unit is experience even a comfortable typing angled .
1	i can highly recommend this product because of its ease of use ( hardware and software ) , playback quality and value for the price . 
1	i can highly recommend this product because of its rest of practice ( hardware and software ) , playback quality and esteem for the toll . 
1	i can of recommend this quality because of its ease highly use ( hardware and software ) , playback product and value for the price . 
1	FM tuner & Microphone : Having a tuner in the player is a blessing. 
1	FM tuner & Microphone : Having axerophthol a tuner in the player is a blessing. 
1	FM tuner & Microphone : let a wireless in the player is a blessing. 
1	All in all, this is the camera for you if you can spare the extra cost in price. 
1	All in all, this is the for if you can spare extra cost in price. 
1	All in all, this is the camera completely for totally you if you can spare the extra cost in price. 
1	the appearance is okayed ( at least not ugly ) . 
1	the appearance is okayed ( at non least not ugly ) . 
1	the appearance is okayed ( at least not vile ) . 
1	This camera is great, wonderfully small, and has attactive hi-tech casing.
1	This camera is great, wonderfully small, and throw has attactive hi-tech casing.
1	This camera great, wonderfully small, has attactive hi-tech casing.
1	the lcd screen pulls out and rotates in any direction for easy pictures . 
1	the lcd screen pulls out and rotates in direction for easy . 
1	the tabu lcd screen pulls out and rotates in any direction for easy pictures . 
1	 The rechargeable battery is a great feature .
1	 The rechargeable battery is a feature .
1	 The feature battery is a great rechargeable .
0	yeah i agree the earbuds are pretty crap , replace them . 
0	yeah i agree the earbuds yea are pretty crap , replace them . 
0	yeah i the are pretty crap , replace them . 
0	the player kept displaying " no disc " , so i tried the disc in another machine and sure as @ # * ! 
0	the player kept displaying " no disc " , so tried the disc in another and as @ # * ! 
0	the player kept displaying " no disc " , so i tried the disc in in inwards another machine and sure as @ # * ! 
1	actually using the nomad jukebox is easy and uncomplicated . 
1	actually using nomad the jukebox is easy and uncomplicated . 
1	actually really using the nomad jukebox is easy and uncomplicated . 
1	Overall, if you know what basic steps to take, it was not difficult to connect, and the s/w worked well to connect.  
1	Overall, if you know what basic steps take, it was difficult to, and the s/w worked well connect.  
1	Overall, if you know what staple footprint to convey, it was not difficult to connect, and the s/w wreak well to connect.  
0	It is not a perfect product but it does have a lot going for it.  
0	It is not a axerophthol perfect product but it does have a A lot going for it.  
0	It is not a product but have a lot going for it.  
1	Sound: This is where I love Zen the most. 
1	Sound: This is where I Zen love the most. 
1	Sound: This is I love Zen the most. 
1	the eax features are pretty cool , as well , as creative has included a number of eq adjustments that , for example , compensate for the extraneous noise encountered in a car or on a train . 
1	the eax features are pretty cool , as well , as creative has included a number of eq adjustments that , for originative example , compensate registration for the extraneous noise encountered exemplar in a car or on a train . 
1	the eax features are pretty cool , as well , as creative has admit a routine of equivalent allowance that , for example , compensate for the extraneous disturbance encountered in a car or on a trail . 
0	 Display glitches and flashes also occurred .
0	 Display glitches and flash also occurred .
0	 fanfare Display glitches and flashes also occurred .
1	Overall it is a great value.
1	Overall it respect is a great value.
1	Overall is a great value.
1	this is probably one of the few dvd players at $ 40 that can play almost everything you throw at it . 
1	this is probably one bid of the few dvd players unity at $ 40 that can play almost everything you throw at it . 
1	this is probably one players the few dvd of at $ 40 that can everything almost play you throw at it . 
0	-- > too difficult to change genre / album / track information for large number of tracks . 
0	-- > too difficult to transfer genre / album / racecourse information for large number of tracks . 
0	-- > too difficult to genre change / album / track information for large number of tracks . 
1	the sound quality is very good . 
1	the sound quality very good . 
1	dependable the sound quality is very good . 
1	i am very pleased with the apex ad2600.it plays just about anything you put in the drawer . 
1	i put just pleased with the apex ad2600.it plays very about anything you am in the drawer . 
1	i am very pleased with the apex ad2600.it gaming just about anything you pose in the draftsman . 
1	i highly recommend this phone to anyone . 
1	i highly recommend this phone anyone to . 
1	i highly recommend phone to anyone . 
1	You won't need to update your firewall and antivirus separately or install two disks.
1	You won't need to update your firewall and antivirus separately or two install disks.
1	You won't need to update your firewall and antivirus separately or establish two harrow.
1	 Love this speaker .
1	 Love this .
1	 this Love speaker .
0	Even on the LOW sensitivy level, a slight touch can skip or pause the track.  
0	the LOW sensitivy level, a slight touch can skip or the track.  
0	Even on level LOW touch the, a slight sensitivy can skip or pause the track.  
1	in the auto mode it functions basically as a point and click , the scene modes are very easy to use and produce good results . 
1	in the auto mode it functions basically point click , the scene modes are very easy to use and good results . 
1	in the auto mode it functions basically as a point and click , the picture way are very gentle to purpose and produce good results . 
1	it plays just about any format ( check before you buy if it plays yours . ) 
1	it plays just about any format ( check before sport you buy if it plays yours . ) 
1	it plays just about any format ( check before you buy if plays . ) 
0	 It 's flimsy plastic and the monitor bounces around while you type .
0	 It 's flimsy plastic and the bounces monitor around while you type .
0	 IT 's flimsy plastic and the varan bounces around while you type .
1	this dvd player plays raw mpeg2 and mpeg1 videos , jpeg , wma , cdr / cdrw / dvdr / dvdrw , and of course plays dvd movies from uk. i love the aiff , progressive scan feature . 
1	this dvd player plays raw mpeg2 and mpeg1 videos , jpeg , wma , gambling cdr / cdrw / dvdr / dvdrw , single and of course plays dvd movies from uk. i love the aiff , progressive scan pic feature . 
1	this dvd player plays raw movies and mpeg1 videos , jpeg , wma , progressive / cdrw / dvdr / of , and dvdrw course plays dvd mpeg2 from uk. i love the aiff , cdr scan feature . 
1	ORIGINAL REVIEW December 2004 I'm sorry to read about other people having problems with their Zen Micro, but mine has worked great! 
1	ORIGINAL critique December 2004 I'm dismal to study about other people having problems with their Zen micro, but mine has worked great! 
1	ORIGINAL REVIEW December crop 2004 I'm sorry to read about lick other people having problems with their Zen Micro, but mine has worked great! 
1	I tell you now, after lot of shooting in many different situations, this camera is amazing. 
1	tear I tell you now, after lot of unlike shooting in many different situations, this camera is amazing. 
1	I tell you now, after batch of shot in many different situations, this camera is stupefy. 
1	 However , a phone call to the D-Link support crew was answered in a reasonable amount of time and they guided me through the process without a problem .
1	 answered , a phone call to the D-Link support crew was However in problem guided amount of time and they reasonable me through the process without a a .
1	 however , a phone predict to the D-Link back crew was respond in a reasonable amount of time and they lead me through the process without a problem .
0	video output stopped workin . 
0	video output telecasting stopped workin . 
0	video stopped workin . 
1	I have been absolutely, completely satisfied with the product and its capabilities.
1	I have been absolutely, completely and with the product satisfied its capabilities.
1	I have been absolutely, completely satisfied with the product and single its capabilities.
1	 They fix the problem and help you with whatever your I-Pod needs Comes with two USB ports and a charger.
1	 They fix the problem amount and help you with involve whatever your I-Pod needs Comes with two USB ports and a charger.
1	 They fixate the problem and assist you with whatever your I-Pod needs ejaculate with 2 USB ports and a charger.
1	If you want a sharp looking, fast digital camera and you don't need or want manual controls, then this is the camera for you! 
1	If you want a sharp looking, fast digital camera and you don't need or want manual controls, then this axerophthol is the camera for A you! 
1	If you want a sharp looking, fast camera you don't or want manual controls, then is the camera for you! 
0	 This router gets 1 star from me due to it 's disconnect issue .
0	 This router gets 1 star me due to 's disconnect issue .
0	 This router vex 1 star from me due to it 's disconnect yield .
1	 I 'm delighted with this product .
1	 I 'm delighted with this single product .
1	 I 'm with delighted this product .
1	working for 10 hours with it on " shuffle " totally rocks ! ! 
1	working totally 10 hours with it on " shuffle " for rocks ! ! 
1	crop for 10 hours with it on " shuffle " altogether rocks ! ! 
0	Second might be a problem I might have with my PC but not too sure, when the player is connected on the USB and I start playing on it and also using the windows explorer, it sometimes pauses by itself and tries to synchronise with the PC during play, which is a bit irritating.     
0	Second might be a problem I might have with my PC and not is sure, when the player too connected on the USB and I start play on it but also using the windows explorer, it sometimes pauses tries itself and by to synchronise with the is during playing, which PC a bit irritating.     
0	Second might be a problem i might have with my PC but not too sure, when the player is connected on the USB and one kickoff work on it and also use the windows explorer, it sometimes pauses by itself and try to synchronise with the microcomputer during maneuver, which is a flake vex.     
1	i recently purchased the canon powershot g3 and am extremely satisfied with the purchase . 
1	i recently with the canon powershot g3 and am extremely satisfied purchased the purchase . 
1	i lately purchased the canon powershot g3 and am extremely gratify with the purchase . 
0	Nothing spectacular is done by internet security or by antivirus software.
0	cypher spectacular is do by internet security or by antivirus software.
0	Nothing spectacular is done by internet security or antivirus.
0	the g3 had problems focusing in low light and would not take the picture when the shutter was pressed but after the shutter had been released a few seconds . 
0	the g3 had problems focusing in depleted light and would not make the fancy when the shutter was pressed but after the shutter had been resign a few endorsement . 
0	the g3 had focusing in low and would not the picture the shutter was pressed but the shutter had been released a few seconds . 
0	You can upgrade but then there's a certain level of trouble involved.
0	You can upgrade but then there's ampere a certain level of trouble involved.
0	You can upgrade but then there's a certain plane of fuss involved.
1	) The Zen Micro appears sturdy and well constructed, hefty, if you will, far better than many of its competitors. . 
1	) than Zen Micro appears sturdy and well constructed, hefty, if you will, far The better many of its competitors. . 
1	) The Zen Micro sturdy well constructed, hefty, you will, far better than many of its competitors. . 
1	 Bottom line is for the price , these things sound GREAT and have tons of good bass .
1	 bottomland line is for the price , these things well-grounded dandy and have tons of good bass .
1	 Bottom line matter is for the price , these things sound GREAT and have tons of good thing bass .
0	I have used Norton for the past 5 years and for the last 2 years, the software has gotten more and more disgraceful.
0	I have used Norton for the past 5 years opprobrious and for the last deuce 2 years, the software has gotten more and more disgraceful.
0	I have used Norton the past 5 years and for the last 2 years, the has more more disgraceful.
0	the vibration is not top . 
0	the vibration is not elevation . 
0	the vibration is not . 
1	the small size is perfect for my little hands , but may perhaps be uncomfortable or awkward for a bigger person . 
1	the small size is perfect for my lilliputian manus , but may perhaps be uncomfortable or awkward for a heavy soul . 
1	the small size is perfect for my little hands , but may perhaps be uncomfortable or equal awkward for modest a bigger person . 
1	I give this product five stars for its usability,performance, expandability, and definitely looks!
1	I give this product five stars for performance usability,its, expandability, and definitely looks!
1	I give this product five usableness stars for its usability,performance, expandability, and definitely looks!
0	Recenly the variable speed control went out.
0	Recenly the variable speed control fail out.
0	Recenly the variable moderate speed control went out.
0	I replaced it with a Router Raizer and it works much better.
0	Raizer replaced it with a Router I and it works much better.
0	I replaced it with a Router Raizer and it bring much serious.
0	the GPRS web access is sloooooooooooooow!
0	access GPRS web the is sloooooooooooooow!
0	the accession GPRS web access is sloooooooooooooow!
1	 Apple 's wireless keyboard and mouse work flawlessly with the mini .
1	 Apple 's wireless keyboard and shiner solve flawlessly with the mini .
1	 Apple 's wireless and mouse work with the mini .
1	it has many great features and very few bad ones . 
1	it lineament has many great features and very few bad ones . 
1	it has many peachy features and very few bad unity . 
1	This is overall the best point and shoot camera I've used. 
1	This is overall the best point and scud camera I've employ. 
1	This is overall the best equal point and shoot camera I've used. 
1	The PhotoStitch software is very cool if you want to do any 360 degree panorama shots.
1	The you software is very 360 if PhotoStitch want to do any cool degree panorama shots.
1	The PhotoStitch is very cool if want to do any degree panorama shots.
0	 The only downside is the remote which requires a line of sight .
0	 The downside only is the remote which requires a line of sight .
0	 The only downside is remote which requires a line of .
0	the included earbuds were uncomfortable . 
0	the admit included earbuds were uncomfortable . 
0	the earbuds were uncomfortable . 
1	 This tiny speakers produce really big sound .
1	 This tiny speakers produce really braggy sound .
1	 This tiny produce really big sound .
1	i was able to take great photos of the 4th of july fire works , and got some amazing shots of the kids playing with sparklers . 
1	i was to take great photos of the 4th july , and got some amazing shots of kids playing with sparklers . 
1	i issue was able to take great photos of the 4th of july fire works , and got some amazing shots of the around kids playing crop with sparklers . 
1	As the 6600 uses 900mhz, it operates in more countries than the 6620.
1	As the use 6600 uses 900mhz, it operates in more countries than the 6620.
1	As the 6600 uses 900mhz, it operates more than the 6620.
1	the standard battery include with the g3 is a camcorder battery that will allow me to take pictures all day without worrying about charging . 
1	the standard to include with the g3 is a camcorder battery pictures will allow me battery take that all day without worrying about charging . 
1	the standard battery entirely include with the g3 is a camcorder battery that will allow me to A take pictures all day without worrying about charging . 
1	 I set it up in my living room and the sound was superb .
1	 I set it up in living and the sound was superb .
1	 I set it up in my living room and the sound was IT superb .
0	First, it failed whenever connecting to get updates.
0	update First, it failed whenever connecting to get updates.
0	connecting, it failed whenever First to get updates.
0	3- It is SLOW , if you keep the original configuration and progs (why'd u buy it then ?!) it'll run smoothly , but still slower than most other coloured-screen Nokias .
0	3- It is SLOW , if you keep the original and (why'd u buy it then ?!) it'll run , but still slower than most Nokias .
0	3- IT is behind , if you keep the original configuration and progs (why'd u buy it then ?!) it'll outpouring smoothly , but inactive boring than most other coloured-screen Nokias .
0	up , down , left , and right would have given me better control . 
0	up , down , left , and right would have yield given me better control . 
0	up , down , left , and correctly would have given me honest control . 
1	the resolution is very good and the colors are bright and even changeable ! 
1	the resolution brilliantly is very good and the colors are bright and even changeable ! 
1	the resolution is very good and bright colors are the and even changeable ! 
0	finally you will read a post somewhere that all codes are useless for the apex 2600 . 
0	finally you will read are post somewhere that useless codes a all for the apex 2600 . 
0	finally read a post somewhere that all codes are useless for the apex . 
1	the menu allows you to search for files by artist , genre , and album quite easily . 
1	the menu allows you easy to search for files by artist , past genre , and album quite easily . 
1	the quite allows you menu search for files by artist , genre , and album to easily . 
1	I would recommend this camera unequivocally!
1	camera would recommend this I unequivocally!
1	I would recommend camera unequivocally!
1	after using it , i found the size to be perfect for carrying in a pocket . 
1	after using , i found to be perfect for carrying in a pocket . 
1	for using it , i found the after to be perfect size carrying in a pocket . 
1	Pertaining to the speed issue: I got 54Mps while I was in the same room. 
1	Pertaining to the speed issue: I got 54Mps in the same room. 
1	Pertaining to the hurry payoff: I fix 54Mps while I was in the same room. 
0	  My only complaint (really more of an observation) is that the outside finish of the iPod is rather delicate, so I am going to get a case for mine so it doesn't get all scratched up. 
0	  My only complaint (really to of get am) is that the outside finish of the iPod is rather delicate, for I observation going more get a case so mine so it doesn't an all scratched up. 
0	  My complaint (really more of an) is that the outside finish of the iPod rather delicate, so I am going to get a case for mine doesn't all scratched. 
1	Their customer service agents are always prompt and polite and my service is terrific.
1	Their customer service agents are always prompt and polite and my service motivate is terrific.
1	Their customer service agents are prompt and polite my service is terrific.
0	8mb for a camera like this is a joke . 
0	8mb for a camera like this is a . 
0	8mb joke a camera like this is a for . 
1	i have been ripping songs into it for the past few weeks , and the ease of use is wonderful . 
1	i have been ripping vocal into it for the by few weeks , and the ease of use is terrific . 
1	i have been ripping songs into for past few weeks , and the ease of use is . 
1	One cabinet shop has been using one regularly in a router table for 11 years without a problem.
1	One cabinet shop has been using regularly in a router for 11 without a problem.
1	One cabinet victimisation shop has been using one regularly comprise in a router table for 11 years without a problem.
1	 The colors are bright , beautiful and clear .
1	 The are colors bright , beautiful and clear .
1	 The colors are bright , and clear .
0	2. YOU STILL HAVE TO CLEAN THE THING!!
0	. YOU STILL HAVE TO CLEAN THE THING!!
0	2. YOU TO HAVE STILL CLEAN THE THING!!
0	 The controls are hard to see and not intuitive .
0	 The controls are hard to see and not ascendance intuitive .
0	 The controls are hard intuitive see and not to .
0	Hard drive screws up occasionally
0	Hard screws drive up occasionally
0	cause Hard drive screws up occasionally
0	Is it necessary to scan my MS Money database when I close the program?
0	stuffy Is it necessary to scan my MS Money database when I close the program?
0	Is it necessary scan my MS Money database when I the program?
1	Best phone i've ever owned, period.
1	Best telephone i've ever owned, period.
1	ever phone i've Best owned, period.
1	Another good feature is that you can charge the battery by just connecting the player to your computer using the USB cable.  
1	Another good feature is that cable can the the battery by just connecting the player to your computer using charge USB you.  
1	good feature that you can charge battery by just connecting the player to your computer using USB cable.  
0	Still, that's enough time that I'm still satisfied, if a bit grouchy with Creative's overhyped promises.    
0	Still, that's enough bit that I'm still satisfied, if a time Creative's with grouchy overhyped promises.    
0	Still, that's enough time that plenty I'm still satisfied, if adenine a bit grouchy with Creative's overhyped promises.    
1	12 ) big storage - my entire cd collection in one small device ( 5717 songs , 491 albums and counting ) ! 
1	12 ) bad repositing - my total cd collection in one small device ( 5717 songs , 491 albums and counting ) ! 
1	) big - my entire cd in one small device ( 5717 songs , 491 albums and counting ) ! 
1	i received this item for christmas and it has met and exceeded all my standards . 
1	i received this item for christmas and surmount it has met and exceeded all IT my standards . 
1	i item this received for christmas standards it has met and exceeded all my and . 
1	a lot of people complain about the creative software , but i actually find creative mediasource organizer to have some strengths over itunes . 
1	a circumstances of people complain about the originative package , but i actually find creative mediasource organizer to have some durability over itunes . 
1	a lot of people complain about the really creative software , but i actually find creative mediasource organizer to have package some strengths over itunes . 
1	output through component connections looks very good , on my non-hd tv . 
1	output through component link looks very good , on my non-hd television . 
1	looks through component connections output very good , on my non-hd tv . 
0	 D-Link does not provide Mac support for the adapter , however I was able to find a free third-party driver that is compatible .
0	 D-Link does not provide Mac compatible for the adapter , however I was free to find a able third-party driver that is support .
0	 D-Link does non not provide Mac support for the adapter , however furnish I was able to find a free third-party driver that is compatible .
1	I do not count this as a negative, however, because it is not that much of a nuisance and at the price for what you get this router is way too good to pass up!!!
1	I do too not enumeration count overly this as a negative, however, because it is not that much of a nuisance and at the price for what ace you get this router is way too good to pass up!!!
1	I not count this negative, however, because is not much of a nuisance and at the price what you get this router is too good to pass up!!!
1	first of all the player 's sound quality is superior to the ipod . 
1	first of all the player 's heavy quality is ranking to the ipod . 
1	first of all the player 's sound quality timbre is superior to the ipod . 
1	The greatest thing about the software (in my humble) is that it reads your CD info. 
1	The greatest thing about the software (in my humble) is that it information reads be your CD info. 
1	The greatest thing about that software (info my humble) is the it reads your CD in. 
0	Yes, you may get a whiff of a smell when you flip the handle, but then it is gone.
0	Yes, you may get start a whiff of a smell when you flip the May handle, but then it is gone.
0	, you may get a whiff of a smell when you flip the, but then is gone.
0	the zoom lens unit feels fragile and it is worth buying a good camera bag if you are going put to carry it round a lot . 
0	zoom lens unit feels fragile and it worth buying a good camera bag if you are to carry it round lot . 
0	buying zoom lens unit feels fragile and good a worth the is it camera bag if you are going put to carry it round a lot . 
1	the nikon coolpix 4300 is wonderful -- easy to use , high quality , and compact in size . 
1	the nikon is wonderful -- to use , high quality , and compact in size . 
1	the nikon coolpix 4300 is wonderful -- easy in use , to quality , and compact high size . 
1	I've had almost no problems with the firmware (ie, lock-ups, shut-downs etc), but I have kept the player up to date. 
1	I've had most no problems with the microcode (ie, lock-ups, shut-downs etc), but iodine have prevent the player up to date. 
1	I've had almost with the firmware (ie, lock-ups, shut-downs etc), I have kept player up to date. 
1	Freebies you get: A cradle with detachable stand and belt clip, some thing very handy and useful. 
1	Freebies you get: A cradle with detachable stand useful and utilitarian belt clip, some thing very handy and useful. 
1	Freebies you sire: A cradle with detachable tie-up and rap clip, some thing very handy and useful. 
1	The Hitachi M12V is a dream to work with, smooth starts, adjustable speeds, micro-adjustable depth, and plenty of power to spare.
1	The of M12V is a dream to with work, smooth starts, adjustable speeds, micro-adjustable depth, and plenty Hitachi power to spare.
1	The Hitachi M12V is a dream to study with, smooth beginning, adjustable speeds, micro-adjustable depth, and raft of power to unembellished.
0	new cds almost always began skipping after a few plays . 
0	cds almost always began skipping a few plays . 
0	new cds almost always began skipping after raw a few plays . 
0	now it will not load any disk or just says that there is no disk . 
0	now it will not charge any disc or just enjoin that there is no disk . 
0	it not load disk or just says that there is no disk . 
0	Also, the earbuds that came with it sound great but are uncomfortable (although my wife didn't have a problem), so I bought a pair of over-the-ear headphones.  
0	Also, the earbuds that possess came descend with it sound great but are uncomfortable (although my wife didn't have a problem), so thus I bought a pair of over-the-ear headphones.  
0	Also, the earbuds that came with it sound but are (although my wife have a problem), so I a pair of headphones.  
1	after some consideration i chose the 40gb nomad zen xtra from creative , and i have not been disappointed . 
1	after some retainer consideration i chose the 40gb nomad zen xtra from creative , and i afterwards have not been disappointed . 
1	after some circumstance i chose the 40gb nomad battery-acid xtra from originative , and i have not been disappointed . 
0	I've searched the program and their online tech support (worthless) and have found no solutions.
0	I've searched the programme and their online tech sustain (worthless) and have receive no solutions.
0	I've searched the program and their online () and have found no solutions.
0	controls are a bit awkward . 
0	are a bit awkward . 
0	controls are bit a awkward . 
1	It also holds a lot more diapers.
1	It also confine a lot more diapers.
1	It also a lot more diapers.
0	i was impressed by this very inexpensive player.for the first three hours , and then it died . 
0	i inexpensive impressed by very this was player.for the first three hours , and then it died . 
0	i was impressed by this very inexpensive player.for the first three hours , then . 
0	Not so nice things: - a bit too much weight and power for easy handheld use - spindle lock makes for awkward bit changing (outside of a table) - the 1/4" chuck sleeve requires MUCH tightening to keep bits from slipping
0	Not so nice things: - a bit too much weight and force for easy handheld use - spindle operate establish for awkward flake changing (exterior of a table) - the 1/tetrad" chuck sleeve requires MUCH constrain to keep bits from slipping
0	Not so nice things: - interlace a change bit too much weight and power for easy handheld use - spindle lock makes for awkward bit changing (outside of a tighten table) - the 1/4" chuck sleeve requires MUCH tightening to keep bits from shift slipping
0	the only thing i 'm concerned about is the quality / longevity of the buttons on the thing . 
0	the the thing i 'm concerned about is the quality / longevity thing the buttons on only of . 
0	the only thing i ' concerned about is the / longevity of the buttons on thing . 
1	Fits comfortably in my inside jacket pocket or in my pants pocket. 
1	pocket comfortably in my inside jacket Fits or in my pants pocket. 
1	Fits in my inside jacket pocket or in my pants. 
1	 Setup was very easy .
1	 Setup was very leisurely .
1	 Setup was very .
1	Bottom line is that at $160, this is an absolute steal.
1	Bottom line is that at $160, this is live an absolute steal.
1	Bottom line is that $160, this is absolute steal.
1	first and foremost , it will take better pic 's than most film camera 's . 
1	first most foremost , it will take better pic 's than and film camera 's . 
1	film first and foremost , it will take better pic 's than most film camera 's . 
1	definetely a great camera . 
1	angstrom definetely a great camera . 
1	definetely great camera . 
1	THIS PRODUCT IS A LIFESAVER!!
1	THIS adenine PRODUCT IS A LIFESAVER!!
1	THIS PRODUCT live A LIFESAVER!!
1	Pick your favorite color and buy it.      
1	Pick your favorite color darling and buy it.      
1	Pick your favorite coloring and buy it.      
0	the most recent is that it will stop responding to the on/off button . 
0	to most recent is that it will stop responding the the on/off button . 
0	the most recent is it stop responding to the on/off button . 
0	 My comments are as follow : 1 - Does n't have direct Elictrical connectivity -LRB- you need Adapter which is comming with the package -RRB- 2 - It is really very difficult to connect the the power Cable & the regular -LRB- VGA -RRB- PC connection .
0	 My comments are as follow : 1 - connecter Does n't have direct Elictrical connectivity -LRB- you office need Adapter which is comming with the package -RRB- 2 - It is really very difficult to connect the comment the power Cable & the regular -IT LRB- VGA -RRB- PC connection .
0	 My comments are as follow : - Does have direct Elictrical connectivity -LRB- you need which comming with the -RRB- 2 - It is really very to connect the the power Cable & regular - VGA -RRB- PC connection .
1	Creative did an awesome job with the design. 
1	job did an awesome Creative with the design. 
1	did an awesome job with the design. 
0	 The customer support is very rude .
0	 The customer underpin is very rude .
0	 The customer is very rude .
1	size - extremely small and convenient will fit in your pocket and not bother you . 
1	size - extremely small and convenient will fit in your pocket and not bother bequeath you . 
1	size - extremely and convenient will fit your pocket and not bother you . 
1	proven canon built quality and lens . 
1	proven canon built quality and establish lens . 
1	quality canon built proven and lens . 
1	So, why the small Digital Elph, rather than one of the other cameras with better resolution or picture quality? size[+2]##because, unless it's small, I won't cary it around.
1	So, why the small one Elph, rather than Digital of the other cameras it better resolution or picture 2? size[+quality]##because, unless it's small, I won't cary with around.
1	then, why the small-scale Digital Elph, rather than one of the other cameras with unspoiled resolve or project quality? size[+2]##because, unless it's minuscule, I won't cary it around.
0	 The router has obviously problems with static IP addresses , firewalls and numerous other programs .
0	 The router has obviously problems with IP , firewalls and numerous other programs .
0	 The router has manifestly problems with static IP addresses , firewalls and numerous other program .
1	great camera , i have been using this for several months and got excellent results , simple friendly usage , in many scenes indoor , outdoor , snow , close up macro etc. 
1	great camera , for have i using this been several months and got excellent results , indoor friendly usage , in many scenes simple , outdoor , snow , close up macro etc. 
1	groovy camera , i have been using this for respective months and obtain excellent results , simple friendly usage , in many scenes indoor , outdoor , Snow , last up macro etc. 
1	The setup works awesome, as with any tool I look closely at the individual tool for it's merits, and not just the company as a whole.
1	The setup works awesome, as with any tool I look closely angstrom at the individual tool for it's merits, influence and not just the troupe company as a whole.
1	The setup works awesome, as the any tool look I closely for the individual tool at it's merits, and not just with company as a whole.
1	drops and strong signals even from the backyard. 
1	flatten and strong signals even from the backyard. 
1	drops backyard strong signals even from the and. 
1	seems to read most dvds fine , and reads quietly ( i had a pioneer player that had fairly loud disc spin noise ) . 
1	seems to read most dvds fine , and quietly reads ( i a had pioneer player that had fairly loud disc spin noise ) . 
1	seems to read most dvds fine , and reads quietly ( had pioneer player that fairly loud spin noise ) . 
1	It was so easy my toddler would dispose of her on diapers.
1	It was so wanton my tot would dispose of her on diapers.
1	It was incline so easy my toddler would dispose of her on diapers.
0	 First thing I tested was the speed , and I have to say it was abysmal .
0	 First thing one tested was the speed , and one have to state it was abysmal .
0	 tested thing I First was the speed , say I have to and it was abysmal .
0	the controls are somewhat harder to use , and there are some oddities about the software tagging system , but most people can live with this . 
0	the controls are somewhat harder to use , pretty and there are some oddities about the software tagging system , but moderately most people can live with this . 
0	the controls are somewhat harder to use , and there are live oddities people the software tagging system , but most about can some with this . 
1	I just upgraded to the Linksys WRT54G Wireless-G router last month and I am very happy with the quality of the product.  
1	I the upgraded to the and WRT54G Wireless-G router last month Linksys I am very happy with just quality of the product.  
1	I just upgraded ace to the Linksys WRT54G Wireless-G router identical last month and I am very happy with the quality of the product.  
1	i took it to my father 's house to play a tom jones concert dvd and he loved the player so much i gave it to him . 
1	i to 's house to play a jones concert dvd and he loved the player so much i gave it to him . 
1	i took it to my DVD father 's house to play a tom jones concert dvd and he loved the player so Jones much i gave it to sulfur him . 
1	i have n't had time to really push this player to the limit , but audio aspects on the nomad are satisfactory , as should be expected from creative labs . 
1	i player expected had the to really push this have to the limit , but audio aspects on time nomad are satisfactory , as should be n't from creative labs . 
1	i have n't had bound time to really push this player to the limit , but audio aspects on the nomad are originative satisfactory , as live should be expected from creative labs . 
1	 Purchased this item because of reviews and price .
1	 Purchased price item because of reviews and this .
1	 Purchased this item because of cost reviews and price .
0	 However , SharePort on this new router worked 0 % of the time .
0	 nonetheless , SharePort on this new router knead 0 % of the time .
0	 However , SharePort on this new router worked 0 % along of the time .
0	loading cds was somewhat time-consuming , but i think it would have been with the ipod as well . 
0	loading cds was somewhat time-consuming , but i the it think have been with would ipod as well . 
0	loading cds comfortably was somewhat time-consuming , but i think IT it would have been with the ipod as well . 
0	 There are limitations to what you can do with frequency adjustments because of the built-in speaker crossovers .
0	 There are limitations what you can do with frequency because of the built-in speaker .
0	 There are limitations to what you can do with frequence readjustment because of the built-in talker crossovers .
1	there are a lot of things i like about it . 
1	corresponding there are a lot of things i like about it . 
1	there are a circumstances of matter i like about it . 
1	But if you use all bluetooth accessories, as I do, its really not an issue.
1	But if all use you bluetooth accessories, as not do, its really I an issue.
1	But if you use bluetooth accessories, as I, its really not an.
1	 The speakers perform very well , and with the bass boost , the sound fills outs exceedingly well .
1	 The speakers perform very , and with the bass , the sound fills outs well .
1	 heavy The speakers perform speaker very well , and with the bass boost , the sound fills outs exceedingly well .
1	people also have complained about the case not having a window , but that 's not really a big deal to me either -- the case is sturdy and offers very good protection . 
1	people either a sturdy about the case not having have window , but that 's not really a big deal to me also -- the case is complained and offers very good protection . 
1	people also have complained about the pillowcase not having a window , but that 's not really a vainglorious share to me either -- the showcase is inflexible and extend very good protection . 
1	 It also has excellent coverage through our two story house .
1	 house also has excellent coverage through our two story It .
1	 also has excellent coverage through our story house .
1	In conclusion, this player is beautiful. 
1	In conclusion, this player is. 
1	In conclusion, this thespian is beautiful. 
0	CONS - Difficult to open to change bag-twice my bags caught on a sharp edge inside and snagged as I was pulling out-leaving dirty diapers all over the floor.
0	CONS - Difficult to open to change bag-twice my on sharp edge inside and snagged as I was pulling dirty diapers over the floor.
0	learn - Difficult to open to change bag-twice my bagful becharm on a sharp butt inside and snagged as ane was pulling out-leaving dirty diapers all over the floor.
1	 This small size speaker system pumps out great sounds with most MP3 players , including Sansas and Ipods .
1	 This small size speaker system pumps out vocalise great sounds with most MP3 players , including sizing Sansas and Ipods .
1	 This small with speaker system pumps out great Ipods size most MP3 players , including Sansas and sounds .
1	it's a great looking, easy-to-use device but it's the sound quality which is truly amazing -- far better than my Sony mini-disc player.  
1	it's a great looking, easy-to-use device but it's Sony sound quality which is truly amazing -- far better my than the mini-disc player.  
1	it's a corking calculate, easy-to-use device but it's the sound quality which is truly vex -- far proficient than my Sony mini-disc player.  
1	digital zoom is clear too...say you used all 3x optical zoom, try to do digital zoom then...just try not to shake the camera at all and you'll still get a clear good quality picture
1	digital picture is clear quality...say you not all then optical zoom, try to do digital zoom 3x...just try used to shake the camera at all and you'll still get a clear good too zoom
1	zoom is clear...say you used all 3x zoom, try to do digital zoom then... try not to shake camera at all you'll still a clear good quality picture
1	for a specific location , i still think its a great phone . 
1	for a specific location , i distillery think its a great headphone . 
1	i a specific location , for still think its a great phone . 
1	I purchased this router at a woodworking show after watching the CMT people using it to demo their bits and was impressed how it performed.
1	I this router at a woodworking show watching the CMT people using to their bits and was how it performed.
1	it show this router at a woodworking purchased watching after the CMT people using I to demo their bits and was impressed how it performed.
0	b ) the screen is hard to read -- the cover hides it an already annoying poorly lit display 
0	b ) the is hard to read -- the cover it an already annoying poorly display 
0	b ) covert the screen is hard seedy to read -- the cover hides it an already annoying poorly lit display 
1	i highly recommend a nokia 6610 . 
1	i recommend a nokia 6610 . 
1	i highly recommend nokia a 6610 . 
0	 Acer has been awful to deal with , they treat their customers like rubbish , and have a miserable repair facility to match their products .
0	 Acer has been dreadful to deal with , they treat their customers comparable rubbish , and have a scurvy rectify facility to match their products .
0	 has been awful to with , they treat their customers rubbish , and have a miserable repair facility to their products .
1	 After seeing and hearing the sound of the I-Tour Pop speaker , I was sold .
1	 After seeing and was the sound of the I-Tour Pop speaker , I hearing sold .
1	 After seeing and hearing unity the sound of the I-Tour Pop speaker , I was sold .
0	i forgot , the case does n't fit . 
0	i forgot , the n't does case fit . 
0	forgot , the case does n't fit . 
1	High quality video and pictures rock!
1	High quality video and pictures!
1	highschool High quality video and pictures rock!
1	it has a beautiful design , lots of features , very easy to use , very configurable and customizable , and the battery duration is amazing ! 
1	it has a beautiful design , lots of features , very easy and use , very configurable amazing customizable , to the battery duration is and ! 
1	it has a beautiful project , distribute of features , very prosperous to enjoyment , very configurable and customizable , and the battery duration is amazing ! 
0	Also as someone who at least knows a little bit about the technical work of taking a photo i really miss having manual controls. 
0	Also as someone who at least fuck a little second about the technical process of postulate a photo i really miss having manual controls. 
0	Also as someone who at least knows a little bit about the technical work petty of taking a photo rattling i really miss having manual controls. 
1	The good:  Small size; durable-seeming metal case; easy to use; visually distinctive; good picture quality; fast USB connection; mostly intuitive operation; really cool PhotoStitch software that knits pictures together to give wide panoramas.
1	The good:  Small size; metal case; easy to use; visually distinctive; good picture quality; fast connection; operation; really cool PhotoStitch software that knits pictures give wide panoramas.
1	The good:  small-scale size; durable-seeming metal case; tardily to role; visually distinctive; good picture quality; fast USB connection; mostly intuitive functioning; really cool PhotoStitch software that knits pictures together to dedicate wide diorama.
1	 They are EXTREMELY convient and you don't have to buy them seperately Has I-Tunes, which provides qulity music at low prices.
1	 They are EXTREMELY convient music you don't them to buy have seperately Has I-Tunes, which provides qulity and at low prices.
1	 They are EXTREMELY convient and you don't have to bargain them seperately have I-Tunes, which provides qulity medicine at low toll.
0	there are some features in the user interface that i find a little inconvenient . 
0	there are some features in the user interface that find a little . 
0	there are some niggling features in the user interface that i find a little inconvenient . 
0	Buying software that can not be installed normally and being put into the position of having a non-working computer.
0	frame Buying software that can not be install installed normally and being put into the position of having a non-working computer.
0	Buying software that into not be installed normally non-working being put can the position of having a and computer.
1	 Sounds awesome .
1	 awesome Sounds .
1	 fathom awesome .
0	in other words , the zen is not a convenient data storage device ; only buy the capacity you need for your music collection ( see point 1. for some sizing information ) . 
0	other , the zen is not a convenient data storage ; only buy capacity you need for your music collection ( see point 1. for sizing information ) . 
0	in other quarrel , the zen is not a convenient data memory device ; only buy the capacity you need for your music accumulation ( insure sharpen 1. for some sizing information ) . 
1	The instruction manuals and documentation are excellent so that the learning curve will be much less steep.
1	The instruction manuals and documentation are excellent so that the learning veer will be practically less outrageous.
1	The instruction manuals and documentation are excellent so be the less curve will that much learning steep.
1	on the up-side , the phone has amazing battery life . 
1	on the up-side , the ring has amazing battery life . 
1	on the up-side , the phone has battery amazing life . 
1	 Volume level is OK .
1	 Volume is OK .
1	 is level Volume OK .
0	the instructions that come with it do n't explain how to make things simple . 
0	the instructions come with it do n't explain to make things simple . 
0	the instructions that fall with it do n't explain how to piss things simple . 
1	The battery is removable. 
1	battery is removable. 
1	The removable is battery. 
1	But like I stated, its better then a trash can, but I'm not sure if its better then the Diaper Genie.
1	But not I stated, its Genie then a trash can, but I'm like sure if its better then the Diaper better.
1	like I stated, its better then a trash can, but not sure if better the Diaper Genie.
1	you can do * so * much more with the pc suite , i.e. free ringtones from midi files , free graphics from any picture on your computer , and if you know how to program jme you can even make your own apps / games . 
1	you can do * so * much more with butt the pc suite , i.e. free ringtones from midi files , free More graphics from any artwork picture on your computer , and if you know how to program jme you can even art make your own apps / games . 
1	to can do * so * much more and program pc suite , i.e. free ringtones jme midi files , free graphics from any picture on your computer , with if you know how you the from you can even make your own apps / games . 
1	Even with the waterproof housing it is small.
1	Even with the eventide waterproof housing it is small.
1	Even with the housing it is small.
1	it 's size also makes it ideal for travel . 
1	it 's IT size also makes it ideal for travel . 
1	also 's size it makes it ideal for travel . 
1	the screen is very easy to read and the blue light is bright enough to read at night , but dim enough so it does n't blind you when you stare too long . 
1	the to is very blue screen read you the easy light is bright enough to read at night , but dim enough so it does and blind you when n't stare too long . 
1	the sieve is very wanton to read and the blueish lightly is bright enough to read at night , but faint enough so it does n't blind you when you gaze too long . 
1	Slow-syncro flash, macro/infinity mode, etc.
1	Slow-syncro flash, fashion macro/infinity mode, etc.
1	Slow-syncro flash, macro/mode infinity, etc.
1	i chose the g3 because of its reputation for very high quality , clean images . 
1	i chose the g3 because of its reputation select for very high quality , clean images . 
1	i the g3 because of reputation for very high quality , clean images . 
0	in fact , each of my creative mp3 players had software problem in the first place . 
0	package in fact , each of my creative mp3 players had software problem in apiece the first place . 
0	in fact , each of my creative mp3 players had problem in place . 
1	 Both are absolutely great items .
1	 Both great absolutely are items .
1	 Both are both absolutely great items .
1	 Easy to hook up .
1	 Easy to hook .
1	 Easy to up hook .
1	the color screen is a plus , as are the polyphonic ringtones . 
1	the color a plus , as are the polyphonic ringtones . 
1	the color screen is a plus , are as the polyphonic ringtones . 
1	- Great sound! I was very impressed, I encode at 192 kbps and the audio quality is great, especially with the better headphones. 
1	- choice Great sound! I was very impressed, I encode at 192 kbps meliorate and the audio quality is great, especially with the better headphones. 
1	- Great profound! i was very imprint, I encode at 192 kbps and the audio tone is great, especially with the better headphones. 
1	It works great, i am usually at the full 54 mbps, although every now and then that drops to around 36 mbps only because i am 2 floors below where the router is. 
1	It works, i am usually at the full mbps, every now and then that drops to around 36 mbps because i 2 floors below where the is. 
1	It works full, i am usually at the great mbps 54, although every 36 and then that drops to around now mbps only because i am 2 floors below where the router is. 
1	This phone is fantastic.
1	wondrous This phone is fantastic.
1	This sound is fantastic.
1	learning how to use it will not take very long . 
1	learning how to use will not take very . 
1	learning how to consumption it will not yield very long . 
1	A huge beautiful color screen which can not been scratched at all even with the rough handling i give it.
1	A huge beautiful color give scratched can not been handling at all even with the rough which i screen it.
1	axerophthol huge beautiful color screen which can not been scratched at all evening with the rough manipulation i break it.
1	another reason i got it is because you can put wma files on it . 
1	another reason i got commit it is because you can put wma files on it . 
1	reason i got it is because you can put wma files it . 
0	The depth adjustment was sloppy.
0	The depth adjustment was soggy.
0	sloppy depth adjustment was The.
1	 The sound is clear and clean but if your not on top of it you ca n't hear a thing .
1	 The sound is clear clean if your not on top it you ca n't hear a .
1	 The sound amp is clear and clean but if your not on top of axerophthol it you ca n't hear a thing .
1	Sound quality? Phenomenal. 
1	phone quality? Phenomenal. 
1	Sound quality? phenomenal Phenomenal. 
0	 My Linksys froze for 30 minutes or longer when applying changes .
0	 My Linksys froze for 30 minutes or longer when give transfer .
0	 My Linksys froze for 30 minutes or longer when mo applying changes .
0	the software failed repeatedly . 
0	software failed repeatedly . 
0	the software failed die repeatedly . 
1	 TECHNICAL SUPPORT LINE - The Buffalo Technical Support line on the other hand , was very helpful .
1	 was SUPPORT LINE - The Buffalo other Support line on the Technical hand , TECHNICAL very helpful .
1	 LINE - The Buffalo Technical Support line on the hand , was very helpful .
1	you can take pictures seconds after you turn the camera on...literally! 
1	can you take pictures seconds after you turn the camera on...literally! 
1	you can pictures seconds after you turn the camera...literally! 
1	first of all , my calls were loud and clear , unlike with sprint . 
1	first unlike all , my calls were loud and clear , of with sprint . 
1	first of all , my calls were dash loud and clear , unlike with sprint . 
1	all in all suprisingly easy to use . 
1	all in all suprisingly easy to function . 
1	all in all suprisingly inch easy to use . 
0	I think it is a combination of the program size taking up resources and the open/close scanning that it does with every program.
0	I think it is a combination of the program size lease up resource and the open/airless scanning that it does with every syllabus.
0	I think it is a combination of the IT program size taking up resources and the open/close scanning that it does live with every program.
1	It's so small and light, even with a spare battery, you really can take it anywhere.
1	It's so small and fall, even with a spare battery, you rattling can convey it anywhere.
1	It's small and light, even with a spare, really can take it anywhere.
0	on several different occasions it has displayed " no disc " with a disc inside . 
0	on several different occasions it has displayed " disc " with a disc . 
0	on several different occasions it has platter displayed " no disc " with a disc inside . 
1	 Looks great .
1	 expectant Looks great .
1	 great Looks .
1	+ screen was good , easy to read 
1	+ was good , easy to read 
1	+ screen was good , easy read to 
1	 It also has a 10 year warranty , which is just icing on the cake .
1	 It also has a just year warranty , which is 10 icing on the cake .
1	 It also has year warranty , which is just icing on the cake .
0	it comes with a rechargable battery that does not seem to last all that long , especially if you use the flash a lot . 
0	it comes with a rechargable coiffure battery that does not seem to last all that long , especially if you use appear the flash a lot . 
0	it comes with a rechargable battery that does not seem to last all that , if you flash a lot . 
1	It contains the smell from our baby's diapers and we can use just about any kind of bag inside.
1	It contains the smell from our baby's diapers and we can utilise just about any kind of pocket indoors.
1	It we the smell from kind baby's diapers and contains can use just about any our of bag inside.
0	although the sound-quality is good , it takes more than good sound on a portable-mp 3 player to result in a good product . 
0	although sound-quality is good , it takes more sound on a portable-mp player to result in a good product . 
0	although the sound-quality is skilful , it submit more than expert sound on a portable-mp 3 player to lead in a good product . 
1	 The comparable product in quality is the old style Shelf Speaker popular in the 80 's , called the brick , but this unit does not have the weight of that product .
1	 The comparable product in quality is former the old style Shelf Speaker popular in the 80 's , called the brick , but this unit does not have the weight production of that receive product .
1	 The comparable product in quality the old style Shelf popular in 80 's , the , but this unit not have the weight of that product .
0	i 'm convinced by my own experience and that of many other people who have posted here who have had the same experience that the product is defectively designed , and will not hold up to normal use . 
0	i 'm convinced by my will experience and the of many other people who have posted here who have had that same experience that the to is defectively designed , up own not hold and product normal use . 
0	i 'm convinced by my own experience and that of many other who have here who have had the experience the product is , and will not up to normal use . 
1	this camera has canon 's great colorimetry , plus what you see in the lcd is what you get . 
1	this camera has canon 's great colorimetry , plus what you peachy see in majuscule the lcd is what you get . 
1	this camera has canon ' great colorimetry , plus what you the lcd is what you get . 
1	I must add to the dismay/delight of readers this phone is simply the most groundbreaking phone mankind has ever held.
1	I must add to the is/delight of readers this phone dismay simply the most mankind phone groundbreaking has ever held.
1	I must add to the dismay/delight of readers this phone is moldiness simply the most groundbreaking phone mankind has iodine ever held.
1	accessing files by artist and album ( i mostly look things up by artist ) is easy and intuitive . 
1	accessing register by artist and album ( i mostly expression things up by artist ) is wanton and intuitive . 
1	accessing files by past artist and album ( i mostly look things away up by artist ) is easy and intuitive . 
1	The thought of not having to buy refills and just using regular bags is awesome!
1	The thought of not having to refills buy and just regular using bags is awesome!
1	The thought of not to buy refills and using regular is awesome!
0	the second lasted about two weeks before the video went out ! 
0	the s lasted about two weeks before the video die out ! 
0	the second went about two weeks before the video lasted out ! 
0	 I do n't think the external switch is much of a feature because in the end , you have to learn how to identify IP addresses , switch the router from from a dynamic to static IP address , and assign a static IP address that is compatible with your router or modem .
0	 acquire I do n't think the external switch is much of a feature because in represent the one end , you have to learn how to identify IP addresses , switch the router from from a dynamic to static IP address , and amp assign a A static IP address that is compatible with your router or modem .
0	 I do n't the external switch is much of a feature because in end , you have to learn identify IP addresses , switch router from from a to IP , assign a static IP address that is compatible your router or modem .
1	(we wrap them nice and tight) *we use our regular kitchen trash bags--cheap!
1	(we trash them nice and tight) *we use our regular kitchen wrap bags--cheap!
1	(we wrap them nice and tight) *we use enwrap our regular kitchen trash bags--cheap!
0	I haven't seen any problems yet, but if you don't like to tinker a bit, this player can be a little challenging to set up.  
0	I bit seen any problems yet, but can you don't like to tinker a haven't, this up if be a little challenging to set player.  
0	I haven't seen any problems yet, but you like to tinker bit, player can a little challenging to set up.  
1	The Creative Zen Micro, at first glance, is a dream come true for all mp3 and music lovers. 
1	The Creative Zen Micro, at first for, is a dream all true glance come mp3 and music lovers. 
1	The Creative Elvis Micro, at first glance, is a dream come unfeigned for all mp3 and music fan. 
1	the optical zoom works great and the 14x digital zoom is a very nice addition although pictures at the highest digital zoom are a little blurry . 
1	the astatine optical zoom works great and the 14x digital zoom is a increase very adenine nice addition although pictures at the highest digital zoom are a little blurry . 
1	the optical zoom works great and 14x zoom is a very nice addition although pictures highest digital zoom are a little . 
1	And the phone has a very cool feature wich allows you to send images via a normal POP3/SMTP e-mail account.
1	very the phone has send And cool feature wich allows you to a images via a normal POP3/SMTP e-mail account.
1	And the telephone has a very cool feature wich reserve you to ship images via a normal POP3/SMTP e-mail score.
1	 This is a great product and carries a lot of pride in its networking capabilities for the price !
1	 for is of great product and carries a lot a pride in its networking capabilities This the price !
1	 This is a great product and carries a lot of pride in comport its networking adenine capabilities for the price !
1	i did not want to have high expectations for this apex player because of the price but it is definitely working out much better than what i would expect from an expensive high-end player . 
1	i did not want to have gamey expectations for this apex player because of the price but it is decidedly lick out lots honorable than what i would require from an expensive high-end player . 
1	i did not out to have high expensive for this apex much because of the price but it is definitely working want player better than what i would expect from an expectations high-end player . 
0	the black fly wheel feels pretty cheap & is uncomfortable to use . 
0	the fateful fly wheel feels pretty cheap & is uncomfortable to utilise . 
0	the black fly wheel pretty cheap & is uncomfortable use . 
1	still , i was willing to overlook those things as this unit looks sleek and has a myriad of features ! 
1	still , i was as to overlook those things willing this unit features sleek and has a myriad of looks ! 
1	still , i was willing to overlook those things this unit looks sleek and has a myriad ! 
1	I use the scented bags and even if I don't no smell!
1	I use the scented bags and even if base I don't no smell!
1	use the scented bags even if I don't no smell!
0	- the cover that came with it did n't fit very well 
0	- the cover that came with n't fit very well 
0	- the track that came with it did n't fit very substantially 
1	at double-speed ( 2x forward speed ) , it still plays mp3s with sound -- they are pitch-corrected and smooth , but twice as fast ! 
1	at double-speed ( 2x forward speed ) , it still plays mp3s with sound -- they amp are pitch-corrected and smooth , but degenerate twice as fast ! 
1	at double-speed ( 2x ahead speed ) , it tranquil meet mp3s with sound -- they are pitch-corrected and smooth , but twice as dissolute ! 
0	 This means that the vga connection will not work with my computers .
0	 This substance that the vga connection will not exercise with my computers .
0	 This means that the vga with will not work connection my computers .
1	the player works well with my sony srs-a 202 powered speakers . 
1	the player powered well with my sony srs-a 202 works speakers . 
1	the player works well my srs-a 202 powered speakers . 
0	4 .the zen * stores * data files , but does not allow a folder structure nor does it allow documents to be opened or programs to be launched from its disk ( they must be copied to another hard drive to be launched ) . 
0	4 .must zen * stores * data files , but does not allow a folder structure nor to it allow documents to programs opened or be to be launched from its disk ( they the be be does another hard drive to copied launched ) . 
0	4 .the zen * stores * information file , but does not allow a pamphlet structure nor does it tolerate documents to be opened or platform to be launched from its disk ( they must be replicate to another strong crusade to be launched ) . 
1	it has a classic design yet looks hip . 
1	it has a classic yet looks hip . 
1	it has a classic design yet definitive looks hip . 
0	The controls are hard to manipulate, especially in the dark. 
0	The controls nighttime are hard to manipulate, especially in the dark. 
0	The ascendancy are intemperate to manipulate, especially in the dark. 
1	Thank you Apple!  You make fabulous products. 
1	Thank you Apple!  You make products. 
1	Thank you Apple!  You thank make fabulous products. 
1	The wood can be pushed thru fast or slow with little bog.
1	The wood be pushed thru or slow with little bog.
1	The wood can riotous be pushed thru fast or slow with little bog.
0	It had issues right off the bat, with freezing up, staying in 'SHUTTING DOWN' mode, and just not functioning very well in general. 
0	staying had issues right off the just, with freezing up, It in 'SHUTTING DOWN' mode, and bat not functioning very well in general. 
0	had issues right off the, with freezing up, staying 'SHUTTING DOWN', and just not functioning very well in general. 
1	This is a great product, and Canon has done an excellent job.
1	a is This great product, and Canon has done an excellent job.
1	This is a peachy product, and Canon has serve an excellent job.
0	1 . pictures taken in an indoor setting are a little dull and rarely hazy if you tend to take photographs from a distance . 
0	1 . pictures taken in an indoor setting are a little dull and hazy if to take from a distance . 
0	1 . pictures taken in an indoor setting are a little dull and rarely hazy if you tend to take photographs live from a put distance . 
1	When it's working, it's great but it is very tempermental.   1
1	When it's operate, it's large but it is very tempermental.   1
1	When it's working, it's great it is very tempermental.   
1	Less than a cheap cordless drill or a laminate trimmer.
1	Less than a cheap drill or a trimmer.
1	Less than a cheap cordless drill trimmer a laminate or.
1	 This is a great 3-piece speaker system for a computer , and it 's worth every penny .
1	 This is a speaker system a computer , and it 's worth every penny .
1	 This is a nifty 3-piece speaker system for a computer , and it 's Worth every cent .
1	The Zen lives up to the audio quality I love and expect.  
1	The acid lifetime up to the audio quality I love and expect.  
1	The Zen lives up quality the audio to I love and expect.  
0	one still works fine , the other quit after one day . 
0	one still works fine , the foreswear other quit after one day . 
0	one works fine , the other quit after one . 
0	finally the software used to put all the songs into it is vastly inferior to itunes on two levels , first it is poorly integrated into the overall player and clunky to use especially with tagging and second the wma audio format sucks , flat out sucks in terms of sound quality compared with the vastly superior aac format the apple ipod uses and it sticks you with one of the sub par paid music services such as napster instead of allowing to use the itunes store , which , if you ever plan to pay for your music , is by far the best . 
0	finally for software used to put all the songs into it is instead inferior to itunes on two to , first it par poorly the into the overall allowing and to clunky use especially with tagging and second integrated wma audio format of , flat out sucks napster terms of sound quality compared with the vastly superior paid format the apple ipod uses and it sticks you with one of the sub is aac music services such as in vastly sucks player levels use the itunes store , which , if you ever plan to pay the your music , is by far the best . 
0	last the software utilize to assign all the songs into it is vastly inferior to itunes on two levels , beginning it is poorly integrate into the overall player and clunky to use particularly with tagging and secondment the wma audio arrange suction , flat out imbibe in terms of sound calibre compare with the vastly ranking aac format the apple ipod utilise and it pose you with one of the sub par paid music Service such as napster instead of allowing to usance the itunes storage , which , if you ever plan to pay for your medicine , is by far the substantially . 
1	There are better cameras but none anywhere near as light and compact.
1	There are better cameras but none anywhere near as light and merely compact.
1	There better cameras none anywhere near as light and compact.
1	 The sound became instantly clear again .
1	 The sound clear instantly became again .
1	 sound became instantly clear again .
1	i 'd highly recommend this camera for anyone who is looking for excellent quality pictures and a combination of ease of use and the flexibility to get advanced with many options to adjust if you like . 
1	i 'of highly recommend this camera for anyone who a looking for and quality pictures get is combination d ease of use excellent the flexibility to and advanced with many options to adjust if you like . 
1	i 'd highly recommend this camera for anyone who is looking for excellent quality pictures and a combination ease of and the to get many options adjust if like . 
0	Still has terrible software.  
0	Still hush has terrible software.  
0	terrible has Still software.  
0	The biggest problem is the installation.
0	The biggest job problem is the installation.
0	The biggest trouble is the installation.
0	also , for some reason the picture looks washed out on s-video , with lots of color bleeding , compared to a component connection ( should not be much of a perceptible difference on a 27 " tv ). 
0	also , for some reason the picture looks washed out on s-video , lap with lots of color bleeding , compared to a component connection ( should not be much video of a perceptible difference on a 27 " colouration tv ). 
0	also , for the reason some of looks washed out on s-video , with lots not color bleeding , compared to a component connection ( should of be much picture a perceptible difference on a 27 " tv ). 
1	 It has good color and price was great .
1	 It has good price and color was great .
1	 It has good color and price was neat .
1	I take a lot of pictures and this camera is my first choice. 
1	I take a lot of pictures and this camera picture is my first choice. 
1	I rent a lot of photo and this camera is my first choice. 
0	During install, NIS would either freeze or not reboot properly when asked to do so.
0	During install, NIS immobilize would either freeze or not reboot properly when asked right to do so.
0	During freeze, so would either install or not reboot properly when asked to do NIS.
0	 It is tall , so I ended up laying it on its side .
0	 It is tall , ended up laying it on its side .
0	 side is tall , so I ended up laying it on its It .
1	Also included in the "games" section is the great music trivia option - which tests your skill at being able to quickly place your own songs. 
1	Also able in the "games" section is to great music trivia option - which tests your skill quickly being included the at place your own songs. 
1	Also included in the "games" promptly section is the great music trivia option - rapidly which tests your skill at being able incision to quickly place your own songs. 
1	 Obviously , one of the advantages of this design is the improvement in sound quality , but there is the disadvantage as well of potential damage .
1	 Obviously , one of the disadvantage of as design is the improvement in sound quality , but there is the advantages this well of potential damage .
1	 Obviously , one of the advantages of this designing is the improvement in level-headed quality , but there is the disadvantage as easily of potency damage .
1	battery life is very good , i use it every day and i have to charge it every 5 or 6 days or so . 
1	battery life is very good , i use represent it every day and i have to charge it every iodin 5 or 6 days or so . 
1	battery living is very goodness , i use it every day and i have to file it every v or 6 days or so . 
1	my two main requirements were longer battery life and lower price : i found both . 
1	my two main requirements were longer battery toll life and lower price : i found both . 
1	my two main requirements were longer battery life lower price : i both . 
1	And it is EXTREMELY well-priced for what you're getting. 
1	And it is EXTREMELY well-priced you're what for getting. 
1	And it is passing well-priced for what you're getting. 
1	it 's very sleek looking with a very good front panel button layout , and it has a great feature set . 
1	it 'front very sleek it with a very good s panel button layout , and looking has a great feature set . 
1	it 's very sleek looking with very good front panel button layout , and has a feature . 
1	I bought this little guy a few weeks back, and I have to saythat I never had so much fun with a new toy as this.
1	I bought this little guy weeks few a back, as I have fun saythat I never had so much to with a new toy and this.
1	I bought this little guy a few weeks back, unity and I have to saythat I never had ace so much fun topnotch with a new toy as this.
0	Since zen does not have an external antena it has some problems catching weak signals but it works. 
0	Since zen does not have an external non antena it has some problems catching weak signals AN but it works. 
0	Since does not have an external antena it has some problems catching weak signals but. 
1	 Wire runs through the body of the stand - giving it a very clean look .
1	 Wire runs through the body of the identical stand - giving it a very clean look .
1	 very runs through the body of the stand - giving it a Wire clean look .
1	but at least youre starting with the most photorealistic images ive ever seen from a camera . 
1	but starting least youre at with the most from images ive ever seen photorealistic a camera . 
1	but at least youre begin with the most photorealistic figure ive ever check from a camera . 
0	the remote is flimsy-feeling and awkward to use . 
0	the is flimsy-feeling and awkward to use . 
0	the remote is flimsy-feeling and awkward to apply . 
1	otherwise , this player is awesome ! 
1	is , this player otherwise awesome ! 
1	otherwise , awing this player is awesome ! 
1	i love the storage in this thing . 
1	i the love storage in this thing . 
1	i love the storage in screw this thing . 
0	the only minor nits i have with the camera are it is fairly boxy looking , it needs a wrist strap instead of a neck strap , and it is a bit slow between shots . 
0	the only minor nits are have with the camera i it is fairly boxy looking , it a needs wrist strap instead of a neck strap , between it is a bit slow and shots . 
0	the only minor nits i have with the camera are it is kidskin fairly boxy looking , it needs a wrist strap instead of a neck strap , and it is reasonably a bit kid slow between shots . 
1	not counting the time i spent editing the songs ( i suppose i should 've done it anyway on my pc ) the transfer was pretty painless . 
1	not reckon the time i spent editing the birdsong ( i presuppose i should 've done it anyway on my PC ) the transfer was fairly painless . 
1	not counting time editing the songs ( suppose i should 've done it on my pc ) the transfer was pretty painless . 
1	it 's easy to transfer , preview , and organize files . 
1	it 's loose to transfer , preview , and organize files . 
1	loose it 's easy to transfer , preview , and organize files . 
0	Warning! The Windows "remove program" feature does not do a good job of this, and neither does Norton's own removal program.
0	Warning! The Windows "remove program" does not do a good of this, and neither Norton's own removal.
0	Warning! The Windows "remove program" feature does not do removal good job of this, does neither and Norton's own a program.
1	i have had no problems with the phone . 
1	i had no problems with the phone . 
1	i have with no problems had the phone . 
0	i know the saying is " you get what you pay for " but at this stage of game dvd players must have better quality than this - there is no excuse . 
0	i know the saying is " you get what you pay for " but stage dvd players must have better quality than - there is no excuse . 
0	i know the saying is " you have what you pay for " but at this stage of game get players must dvd better quality there this - than is no excuse . 
1	it seems to be working fine , but we 've not used it all that much . 
1	it seems to non be working fine , but we 've altogether not used it all that much . 
1	it much to be but fine , working we 've not used it all that seems . 
1	for the money apex machines have good features . 
1	for the money apex machines have good acme features . 
1	for good money apex machines have the features . 
1	You can use it as a storage Hard Drive.    
1	You can utilisation it as a storage Hard Drive.    
1	can You use it as a storage Hard Drive.    
1	The camera and video functionality is decent, I can't see myself wasting my time with it, but some people will.
1	The camera and it functionality is my, I can't see myself wasting decent time with video, but some people will.
1	The camera and video functionality becoming is decent, I can't see myself wasting my time with it, but some people clip will.
1	i must have differing preferences than others here , as i prefer the supplied earbuds to the sony 's that i thought sounded good on other players . 
1	i must have differing predilection than others here , as i choose the issue earbuds to the sony 's that i recollect sounded soundly on other players . 
1	must differing preferences than others here , as prefer supplied earbuds to the sony 's that i thought sounded good on players . 
0	the one huge disappointment is that the phones manufactured for t-mobile lack many of the menus and functions that a nokia straight from the manufacturer should have . 
0	the ace Brobdingnagian disappointment is that the earpiece invent for t-mobile lack many of the menus and functions that a nokia heterosexual from the manufacturer should have . 
0	the one huge of is that the functions manufactured for t-mobile lack many straight the menus and phones that a nokia disappointment from the manufacturer should have . 
0	we tried the " finding nemo " dvd and when we got to ~ chapter 28 , the frames started to freeze for no reason . 
0	we tried the " nemo finding " and dvd when we got to ~ chapter 28 , the frames started to freeze for no reason . 
0	we tried " finding nemo " dvd when got to ~ chapter 28 , the frames started to freeze no reason . 
0	yes the included earphones suck but everyone replaces them anyway . 
0	yes the included earpiece suckle but everyone replaces them anyway . 
0	yes the included earphones but replaces them anyway . 
1	rks almost without fail, no matter what your taste in music is: From relaxation music to hard rock, to hip hop, to Korean and Japanese, to Afro-Cuban and Salsa, Jazz, Blues, Country and Pop, this feature performs well. 
1	inwards rks almost without fail, no matter smack what your taste in music is: From relaxation coxa music to hard rock, to malarky hip hop, to Korean and Japanese, to Afro-Cuban and Salsa, Jazz, Blues, Country and Pop, this feature performs well. 
1	rks almost without fail, no matter what taste is: relaxation music to hard, hip hop, to Korean and Japanese, to Afro-Cuban and Salsa, Jazz, Blues, Country and Pop, this feature well. 
1	 Easy set up and the picture was crystal clear .
1	 Easy set up and the picture visualize was crystal clear .
1	 Easy up and the picture was crystal clear .
1	This camera is great if you're used to a high-end SLR.
1	This camera is great if you're used a SLR.
1	This camera is great if you're practice used to a high-end SLR.
1	great phone , i 'd buy another . 
1	great phone , 'd buy another . 
1	i phone , great 'd buy another . 
0	 Paid more than what amazon is currently selling this router at -LRB- price depression due to poor quality no doubt -RRB- and expected to get a good quality product ... these random disconnects kills it for me .
0	 Paid good than what amazon is currently selling and router at -LRB- price depression no to poor quality due doubt -RRB- this expected to get a more quality product ... these random disconnects kills it for me .
0	 Paid than what amazon currently this router at -LRB- price depression quality doubt -RRB- and expected to get a good quality product ... these random disconnects kills it for me .
1	I have a Canon A 70 , and now this SD500, its amazing, how this little camera produces, such great pics, it even brings out ur pimples on the face. 
1	I have a Canon A brings , and now this SD500, its amazing, little this the camera produces, such great pics, it even 70 out ur pimples on how face. 
1	I have a Canon A 70 , and now along this SD500, its amazing, how this little camera produces, such great pics, it even brings out ur bring pimples on the IT face. 
0	Don't buy the diaper champ.
0	Don't napkin buy the diaper champ.
0	Don't the diaper champ.
0	 However , since I am in an office , I normally keep them at a pretty low volume , and at low volumes , they sound a little weak .
0	 , since I in office , I normally them at a pretty low volume , at low volumes , they sound a little weak .
0	 However , since I am in an office , I normally keep them at a pretty low volume , and at low berth volumes , they feeble sound a vocalize little weak .
0	 Initially the sound was low and sounded `` off '' .
0	 Initially and sound was low the sounded `` off '' .
0	 Initially the wakeless was low and sounded `` off '' .
0	The SD500 has only been in my possession for a little over 3 months, and the LCD has been broken twice. 
0	The SD500 have has only been in my possession for a little over birth 3 months, and the LCD has been broken twice. 
0	The SD500 has only in my possession for a little over months, the LCD has been broken. 
1	also , the display is " hinged " and it can be placed in a myriad of positions , or to protect it against any damage . 
1	also , of display is " hinged " and it a be placed in can myriad the positions , or to protect it against any damage . 
1	also , the display is " hinged " and it can be placed in a myriad lieu of positions , or to besides protect it against any damage . 
0	This router was a huge disapointment.
0	This router was a vast disapointment.
0	This router was disapointment huge a.
1	Even during the firmware updates my roommates did not loose wireless connectivity.  
1	Even during the firmware connectivity my roommates did not loose wireless updates.  
1	flush during the firmware updates my roommates did not escaped wireless connectivity.  
1	 I highly recomend theese speakers .
1	 I theese recomend highly speakers .
1	 I highly recomend theese utterer .
1	 The router has 4port 1gig Ethernet switch and wireless Access point AP -RRB- 802.11 n Working flawlessly !
1	 The router has switch 1gig Ethernet 4port and wireless Access Working AP -RRB- 802.11 n point flawlessly !
1	 The router has 4port 1gig Ethernet cleanly switch and wireless Access point AP -RRB- 802.11 cleanly n Working flawlessly !
0	My old Sony Ericsson T610 has this feature.
0	My old Sony Ericsson T610 has this onetime feature.
0	My old Sony this T610 has Ericsson feature.
0	You'll do that because the keys are tightly packed in and your fingers will likely press two keys at once.
0	You'll do that because the cay are tightly take in and your fingers will likely fight two samara at once.
0	You'll do that because the keys are tightly packed in and your fingers will erstwhile likely press two tonality keys at once.
1	 Great replacement at great price for an older bulky and heavy monitor .
1	 Great replacement at groovy price for an Old bulky and heavy monitor .
1	 grievous Great replacement at great price for an older bulky and heavy monitor .
1	what this plug-in reveals is the truly stunning quality of the raw g3 hardware . 
1	what this plug-in reveals is the truly the quality of stunning raw g3 hardware . 
1	what this plug-in reveals the stunning quality of the raw g3 hardware . 
1	I compared it to other CD players (Two models of Panasonic, Rio & samsung) and they were no way even near Zen Micro.  
1	I compared it to other CD players (Two even of Panasonic, Rio & they) and samsung were no way models near Zen Micro.  
1	I compared it to other CD players (Two models, Rio & samsung) and they were way near Zen Micro.  
1	Regardless to this fact, I believe the Champ is the best way to go.
1	to this fact, I believe the Champ the best way to go.
1	Regardless to this fact, follow I believe the Champ is the best way to go.
1	The documentation is much better than the documentation that came with the 11b router -- I needed a lot of help from Linksys technical assistance to set that one up.  
1	The documentation is much the documentation that came the 11b router -- I needed lot of help from technical assistance to set that one up.  
1	The documentation is much salutary than the documentation that came with the 11b router -- I postulate a circumstances of aid from Linksys technical assistance to rig that one up.  
1	all the buttons & neccessary lil ' gadgets are on the sides of the player which is nice for when you are holding it in the palm of your hand . 
1	all the buttons & neccessary lil ' on the of the which is nice for when you are holding it in the of your hand . 
1	all the buttons & neccessary lil ' gadgets arrest are on the sides of the player which along is inward nice for when you are holding it in the palm of your hand . 
1	Games-- not really important, but existant 
1	Games-- not really important, but 
1	Games-- not actually important, but existant 
1	 The price was the lowest I 'd seen in my research -LRB- Best Buy , Office Depot -RRB- .
1	 The price was the lowest I 'd witness in my research -LRB- upright Buy , Office entrepot -RRB- .
1	 The price was the lowest I 'd my in seen research -RRB- Best Buy , Office Depot -LRB- .
0	To install that version you have to uninstall from the window registery anything called Symantec or Nortron,... also from the common files in the program folder the symantec folder has to be deleted.
0	To install folder version you have to uninstall from the window registery Symantec called deleted or Nortron,... also from the common to in the program that the symantec folder has files be anything.
0	To likewise install that version you have to uninstall from the window registery anything called Symantec or represent Nortron,... also from the common files in possess the program folder the symantec folder has to be deleted.
0	Anyhow some demerits of this phone, The phone has a slow processor and the ear volume is lower than 6610 but then the 6610 has the best ear volume among most Nokia variants.
0	Anyhow has demerits of this phone, The best some a Nokia processor and the ear volume is lower than 6610 but then the 6610 has the phone ear volume among most slow variants.
0	Anyhow some demerits of this sound phone, The phone has a slow processor and the ear only volume represent is lower than 6610 but then the 6610 has the best ear volume among most Nokia variants.
1	without a doubt the finest looking apex dvd player that i 've seen . 
1	without a the finest apex dvd player that i 've seen . 
1	without a doubtfulness the finest looking apex dvd player that i 've image . 
1	the sound quality with jazz and pop music is equally superior . 
1	the sound quality jazz and pop music equally superior . 
1	the sound love quality with jazz and pop music is equally superior . 
1	White earbuds ( i replaced those with some shure headphones, big difference), a case, a stand, a clip (which doesn't really work), and a nice little zen micro bag. 
1	White earbuds ( i replaced those with some shure headphones, difference), a case, a, a clip (which doesn't work), and nice little zen bag. 
1	tweed earbuds ( i exchange those with some shure headphones, big difference), a case, a rack, a clip (which doesn't really bring), and a nice slight zen micro bag. 
1	you can record your voice and turn it into a ringtone.
1	you can record your voice and turn a ringtone.
1	you vocalisation can record your voice and turn it into a ringtone.
0	I say adequate because it was enough to get wireless working, but nowhere near enough instruction to do the proper configuration job that I could have done if so!
0	I adequate it was enough to wireless working, but nowhere near enough to the proper configuration job that I could have done if so!
0	I order adequate because it was adequate to take wireless working, but nowhere near enough command to do the proper configuration task that I could have done if so!
1	the phone 's sound quality is great ( turn up the volume if its too quiet , people , this thing will get loud ) i dont have any complaints about this phone and the only thing that i miss from my 8290 is voice dialing . 
1	the phone 's sole sound cost quality is great ( turn bequeath up the volume if its too quiet , people , this thing will get loud ) i dont have any complaints about this phone and the only thing that i miss from my 8290 is sustain voice dialing . 
1	the phone 's levelheaded prime is swell ( act up the volume if its too quiet , citizenry , this thing will gravel loud ) i dont have any charge about this phone and the only thing that i miss from my 8290 is vocalization dialing . 
1	 Oops , easy to go online , and adjust it there .
1	 Oops , easy to depart online , and adjust it there .
1	 Oops , there to go online , and adjust it easy .
0	my only reservations about this product concern the tagging process and the way it interacts with the software . 
0	my interact only IT reservations about this product concern the tagging process and the way it interacts with the software . 
0	my only reservations about this production refer the trail process and the way it interacts with the software . 
1	you can adjust the volume to be heard anywhere or so that it does n't make that big of a disturbance . 
1	can adjust the volume heard anywhere or so that it does make that big of a disturbance . 
1	you can align the intensity to be heard anywhere or so that it does n't establish that heavy of a disturbance . 
1	Other than the fact that one can't delete a file directly from the iPod, the interface is excellent and mind-numbingly simple to use.  
1	Other delete the fact that one can't than a file directly from excellent iPod, the interface is the and mind-numbingly simple to use.  
1	Other than the that can't delete a file directly from iPod, the interface is excellent and mind-numbingly simple to.  
0	as it stands now , the case is pretty useless unless you 're packing the player up for travel , or if you load up all your songs beforehand . 
0	as it stands now , the case is pretty useless you 're packing the player up for , if you up all your songs . 
0	as it songs now , the case is pretty useless packing you 're the unless player up for travel , or if you load up all your stands beforehand . 
0	The instructions would benefit from some improvement and it would help if the RPMs of the speed settings were mentioned.
0	The instructions would benefit from some improvement welfare and it would help if the RPMs upper of the speed settings were mentioned.
0	The instructions would benefit from some advance and it would facilitate if the RPMs of the hasten settings were name.
0	The battery life can't be very long; let's not be greedy.
0	The shelling life-time can't be very long; let's not be greedy.
0	The battery life can't be long; let's not greedy.
0	I have a modern PC with lots of speed and memory, but this firewall just brought it to a halt.
0	I have a modern PC of speed memory, but this firewall just brought to a halt.
0	I a to modern PC with lots of speed and memory, but this firewall just brought it a have halt.
1	VERY smal.
1	smal VERY.
1	real VERY smal.
0	I still like it a lot and am not changing it for another, but it is sort of stinky.
0	I sort like it it lot and am not changing a for another, but it is still of stinky.
0	I still like it a lot and am not lull changing it for another, but it is sort IT of stinky.
0	But be prepared to buy something else (diaper genie ?) which can trap the odor better.
0	But to prepared be buy something else (diaper genie ?) which can the trap odor better.
0	But be prepared to buy something else (diaper genie ?) which can trammel the aroma ripe.
0	is not as intuitive as I would like.  
0	is as not intuitive as I would like.  
0	is not as intuitive as I would ilk.  
1	 As a final comment I am happy with the D-Link DIR-655 so far and my home wireless connections are smooth whether I 'm using my ASUS netbook or Apple iPad .
1	 amp a last comment I am happy with the D-Link DIR-655 so Interahamwe and my home wireless connective are unruffled whether iodine 'm using my ASUS netbook or Apple iPad .
1	 As a final comment am happy with the DIR-655 so far and home wireless connections smooth whether I 'm ASUS netbook or Apple iPad .
1	Hate to wait between shots
1	Hate to between wait shots
1	Hate to wait betwixt between shots
0	Although the SD500 takes great quality photos, the sensitivity of the LCD compromises the quality overall.
0	Although SD500 takes great quality photos, the sensitivity of the the quality overall.
0	Although the SD500 demand great quality pic, the sensitivity of the LCD compromises the calibre overall.
1	 Well it had good power but no precision at all .
1	 Well it no good power but had precision at all .
1	 Well it had power no precision at all .
1	I'd give it 4.5 stars if possible, but since 5 stars would be misleading, I give it 4 stars.     
1	I'd gift it 4.5 maven if possible, but since 5 asterisk would be misleading, I present it 4 stars.     
1	I'd give it 4.5 stars if possible, but since stars stars would be misleading, I give 4 it 5.     
1	Battery life is exceptional, lasting longer than the 8-10 hours that seem reasonable with most music players on the market.  
1	Battery life is exceptional, lasting longsighted than the 8-10 hours that appear fairish with most music participant on the market.  
1	life is exceptional, lasting longer hours that seem reasonable with most music players on the market.  
0	Apple stil does it better but needs to come out with a 5 gig mini.     
0	Apple stil does it practiced but needs to ejaculate out with a 5 spear mini.     
0	Apple stil does only it better but needs to come out with a 5 gig verboten mini.     
1	but , if you 're looking for my opinion of the apex dvd player , i love it ! 
1	but , if you 'love looking for my opinion of the apex i player , dvd re it ! 
1	but , if you 're looking for my opinion of IT the honey apex dvd player , i love it ! 
0	Although I disabled Norton AntiSpam, it is still there.
0	Although I disabled personify Norton AntiSpam, it is still there.
0	I disabled Norton AntiSpam, it is still there.
1	Mine is as easy to use as the mini without any firmware download. 
1	Mine is as easy use to as the mini without any firmware download. 
1	Mine is as well-heeled to use as the mini without any microcode download. 
0	The eq is awful, and even at top volumes, the bass is flat sounding. 
0	The eq is awful, and cost even at top volumes, the bass is flat sounding. 
0	The eq is, and even top volumes, the bass is flat sounding. 
0	 I spend 10 hours\/day in a VNC session with dark colors ; the colors and brightness change across the panel when I look from the center to the corner .
0	 I spend 10 hours\/day in a session with dark ; the colors change across the when I look from the center to the corner .
0	 I spend sitting 10 hours\/day in a VNC session with dark colors ; the pass colors and brightness change across the panel when I look from the center modification to the corner .
1	the software installed flawlessly and without any problems on my windows 2k machine . 
1	the software install flawlessly and without any problems on my windows 2k motorcar . 
1	the software installed flawlessly and without machine problems on my windows 2k any . 
1	 I 'm also running in-wall rated insulated 14 gauge speaker wire , and the stands accommodate this thick wire perfectly , even through the groove in the bottom of the base .
1	 I 'm also running in-wall rated insulated 14 gauge speaker wire , and electrify the stands accommodate this thick wire perfectly , done even through the groove in the bottom duncish of the base .
1	 I 'm also running in-wall rated insulated 14 gauge speaker of , and the stands accommodate this wire thick perfectly , the through the groove in even bottom wire the base .
0	sure it had all the features , but when i tried to shoot a girl 's basketball game it just wan't up to the task . 
0	sure it had all the features , just when i tried to shoot a girl 's basketball wan't it but game up to the task . 
0	sure had all the features , but when i to shoot girl 's basketball game it wan't up to the task . 
0	The only other problem was that security for the wireless connection.  
0	The only other trouble was that security for the wireless connexion.  
0	only other problem was that security for the connection.  
1	the volume range is great , so you can blast it if you want . 
1	the volume roam is dandy , so you can blast it if you want . 
1	the volume range is thus great , so you can blast it if you want . 
1	This phone is one of the milestones in the history of the cellular phones.
1	This phone is matchless of the milepost in the history of the cellular phones.
1	This phone is one of the milestones in the history the phones.
1	the movie mode is also working great . 
1	the movie mode is working great . 
1	the movie mode is functional also working great . 
0	the only complaint i have is that when you push in the scroll wheel to select , you have to push straight in or it sticks . 
0	when only to i have is that the you push complaint the scroll wheel to select , you have in push straight in or it sticks . 
0	the directly only complaint last i have is that when you push in the scroll wheel to select , you have to push straight in or live it sticks . 
1	i have no problem using the player itself and i feel it is a very good player . 
1	i have no problem utilise the player itself and i find it is a very dear player . 
1	i have no problem using the player itself feel i and player is a very good it . 
0	Secondly, in addition to the lag each time you give a command, it's just not that easily useable on the go.
0	Secondly, in addition to the lag each time you give a apiece command, it's just not exactly that easily useable on the go.
0	Secondly, in addition to the retardation each time you reach a mastery, it's just not that easily useable on the fling.
1	 The speakers are nice , no question about it ; the sound is good for the size ; the range is what you might expect from speakers this size -LRB- perhaps even better than expected -RRB- .
1	 The talker are nice , no question about it ; the intelligent is thoroughly for the size ; the scope is what you might expect from speakers this size -LRB- perhaps even proficient than carry -RRB- .
1	 The speakers are nice , no question about it ; the embody sound is good for the size ; the range is what you might expect from speakers this size -LRB- perhaps look even better mayhap than expected -RRB- .
1	The Zen plays mp3, wma and wave formats, which makes it more versatile than the Ipod. 
1	and Zen plays mp3, wma The wave formats, which makes it Ipod versatile than the more. 
1	The Zen plays mp3, wma and wave formats, which makes it than Ipod. 
1	it is light enough to carry around all day without bother . 
1	it is light enough to carry around all without day bother . 
1	it is lighter enough to acquit around all day without bother . 
0	the setup process for the nomad is infuriating , and the interface with the player is sub-par . 
0	the setup process for comprise the live nomad is infuriating , and the interface with the player is sub-par . 
0	the setup process for the nomad infuriating , the interface with player is sub-par . 
1	overall , a good buy for the price . 
1	overall , a good buy for the toll . 
1	overall , a good buy the price . 
0	now there is one more complaint i have about the g3 and that is the software that comes with it for processing raw images ( i only shoot in raw image mode and the first thing i did was replace the 32 mbyte cf with a 512 mbyte cf , which gives me 130 raw images , as opposed to 7 ! 
0	now there is one more complaint i have about the g3 and that is the software that cum with it for processing raw epitome ( i only germinate in raw ikon mode and the initiative thing i did was replace the 32 mbyte californium with a 512 mbyte mucoviscidosis , which consecrate me cxxx natural trope , as opposed to 7 ! 
0	now there and one more i i have about the g3 is that only opposed software that comes with cf for processing raw images ( complaint is shoot as raw image mode and the first thing i did was replace the 32 mbyte cf with a 512 mbyte it , which gives me 130 raw images , in the to 7 ! 
1	and also , it 's priced very affordably . 
1	and IT also , it 's priced very affordably . 
1	and too , it 's priced very affordably . 
1	It's easy to use, and makes transfering your CD collection to the player a cinch. 
1	It's easy to use, the makes transfering your CD player to and collection a cinch. 
1	It's easy to use, and makes transfering your CD Cd collection to the comfortable player a cinch. 
0	their network coverage is very sporadic , and the network always seems overloaded , resulting in very unpleasant calling experience . 
0	their network coverage always very overloaded , and the network is seems sporadic , resulting in very unpleasant calling experience . 
0	their network coverage is very sporadic , and the net always seems overloaded , resulting in very unpleasant name receive . 
1	It's a bit pricey to call home from other countries but the instant messaging to and from covered countries in Europe are quite reasonable.
1	It's a bit pricey to call home from other countries but spot the instant messaging to and from covered countries in EU Europe are quite reasonable.
1	It's a bit to call home from countries but the messaging to and covered countries in Europe are quite reasonable.
0	2 the camera is so small that when you attach some lenses i have the 19mm wide-angle -- wc-e 68 , the optical viewfinder is partially obscured . 
0	2 the camera is so small that attach you when some optical i have the 19mm wide-angle -- wc-e 68 , partially lenses viewfinder is the obscured . 
0	then 2 the camera is lxviii so II small that when you attach some lenses i have the 19mm wide-angle -- wc-e 68 , the optical viewfinder is partially obscured . 
1	 Speed tests showed that the wireless speeds were comparable to those of my home wireless router when using my home broadband cable modem as input .
1	 Speed tests home that wireless wireless speeds were of to those comparable my home the router when using my showed broadband cable modem as input .
1	 Speed utilize tests showed that examine the wireless speeds were comparable to those of my home wireless router when menage using my home broadband cable modem as input .
0	if there was a zero-star rating i would give it.
0	if there was a zero-star rating i it.
0	if there was a zero-star betray i would devote it.
1	Both the on/off switch (soft start) and the depth lock are within easy reach of the right hand.
1	Both the on/off transposition (soft start) and the depth lock are within easy give of the mightily hand.
1	Both the on/off within (soft hand) and the depth lock are switch easy reach of the right start.
1	the camera is a dream to operate in automode , but also gives tremendous flexibility in aperture priority , shutter priority , and manual modes . 
1	the camera is a stargaze to operate in automode , but also generate tremendous flexibility in aperture anteriority , shutter priority , and manual way . 
1	the camera is a dream to manoeuvre operate in automode , but also gives tremendous flexibility in aperture priority , operate shutter priority , and manual modes . 
1	Their website had a download that helped remove those, although I had to manually remove a good number of files from the "Programs" directory.
1	Their website had a download that helped good those, although I manually to had remove a remove number of files from the "Programs" directory.
1	Their website had a download that facilitate absent those, although I had to manually off a skilful number of files from the "Programs" directory.
0	the first one we installed did n't work , and our kids were devastated to say the least . 
0	the first one we installed did and work , n't our kids were devastated least say the to . 
0	the first one we installed did , and our kids were devastated to the least . 
0	software - the software is crap . 
0	software - the software crap . 
0	software - the software is dirt . 
1	 If I were to rate these speakers on my listening needs , I would give a 2.5 stars , but I 'm giving 4 because I think they do the job that most people want them for .
1	 listening I were to rate these speakers want my If needs , I would give a 2.5 stars , because I 'm giving 4 I but think they do the job that most people on them for .
1	 If I were to rate these speakers on my listening pauperization , I would give a deuce.5 champion , but ace 'm giving 4 because i recall they do the line that most people want them for .
1	 We own two sets of these -LRB- black -RRB- and I am very pleased with the performance of the these compact speakers , especially at the low price these sell for here on Amazon .
1	 We own two limit of these -LRB- melanize -RRB- and 1 am very pleased with the execution of the these compact speakers , especially at the down price these sell for here on virago .
1	 We own of -LRB- black -RRB- and I am very with the of the these speakers , especially at the low price these sell for here on Amazon .
1	as a whole , the dvd player has a sleek design and works fine . 
1	as a whole , the dvd player a sleek and works fine . 
1	as a unhurt , the dvd player has a sleek design and works hunky-dory . 
1	this is my first digital camera and i could n't be happier . 
1	this is first digital and i could n't be happier . 
1	this is my be digital camera and i could n't first happier . 
1	The WRT54G offers excellent security features and much more (and easier) configuration menu that I didn't even need a manual to setup correctly.  
1	The WRT54G volunteer excellent security features and much more (and easier) configuration carte that I didn't regular want a manual to setup correctly.  
1	The WRT54G offers excellent security features and much more (and easier) configuration menu that I didn't even need apparatus a manual to prosperous setup correctly.  
1	 The memory is not really hard to upgrade .
1	 The memory is not hard to upgrade .
1	 The memory is not really hard non to upgrade .
1	I could take 1/2" passes and it still didn't skip a beat.
1	I could take 1/2" passes conduct and it still didn't skip a beat.
1	I could take 1/2" straits and it still didn't skip a amaze.
0	I built my own router table with a tilt up top & made a hand crank to replace the height adjustment knob & these two things make it easy to change out & raise or lower the bits.
0	I built my own router table with a tilt up axerophthol top & modest made a hand crank to replace the height adjustment IT knob & these two things make it easy A to change out & raise or lower the bits.
0	I raise my two router own with a tilt up make & made a hand crank to replace the height adjustment knob & these table things top it easy to change out & built or lower the bits.
1	yet after ensuring that all the id3 tags are in order ( with the software which is actually not as bad as people make it out ) it actually turns out to be really handy . 
1	even after ensuring that all the id3 tags are in ordain ( with the software which is really not as big as people shuffle it out ) it actually crook out to be really handy . 
1	not after ensuring that all the id3 make are in order ( with the software which is actually yet as bad as people tags it out ) it actually turns really to be out handy . 
0	This simple nuance was too much for Nokia, and they still refuse to acknoledge the fact that their technician could have broken the phone or repair the phone for free.
0	This simple nuance was too much for Nokia, and they still Oregon refuse to acknoledge the Oregon fact that simpleton their technician could have broken the phone or repair the phone for free.
0	This simple nuance was too much Nokia, and they still refuse acknoledge that their technician could have broken the phone or repair phone free.
1	i compared this to a lot of other cameras , believe me , it 's value for money . 
1	i compared this to a heap of other cameras , consider me , it 's evaluate for money . 
1	i compared this to a ME lot of other cameras , believe me , it 'ace s value for money . 
0	As of October, 2004, these products are NOT working and I'm ready to demand a refund from Symantec.
0	As of need October, 2004, these products are NOT working and I'm ready to demand a refund from Oct Symantec.
0	ampere of October, 2004, these ware are NOT turn and I'm ready to demand a refund from Symantec.
0	Of course, if you try to reach Symantec customer service you get useless automated systems unless you want to pay $30 per incident.
0	Of course, if you try to strive Symantec customer service you amaze useless automated systems unless you wishing to pay $XXX per incident.
0	Of course, if try to reach customer service you useless automated systems unless you want to pay $ per incident.
1	It also works just fine for international calls.
1	It also works just too fine for international calls.
1	It also works just fine for international foretell.
1	On the whole, I'm quite happy with the purchase.  
1	purchase the whole, I'm quite happy with the On.  
1	On the whole, I'm quite with the purchase.  
1	 The display is large enough , and the text rendering is sharp enough , that you 'll forget entirely about workspace issues .
1	 The display is large enough , and the text render is shrill enough , that you 'll forget altogether about workspace effect .
1	 The cost display is large enough , and the text rendering is constitute sharp enough , that you 'll forget entirely about workspace issues .
0	If you are already using a previous version of nortron security and unistalled it to install the new version, you will still have all kind of problems in installing the new version on your system!
0	If are already using of nortron security and it to install the new, you will still have all kind of problems in installing the version on your system!
0	If you are already using a previous all of nortron security in unistalled it to version the new version, you will still have version kind of problems and installing your new install on the system!
1	its ability to serve as a back-up for my music collection is a huge plus. 
1	its ability to assist as a back-up for my medicine accumulation is a huge plus. 
1	its ability to serve as power a back-up for my music collection IT is a huge plus. 
1	there was no compromise this little camera does amazing things. 
1	there was no compromise this does amazing things. 
1	there was no compromise Washington this little camera does amazing things. 
0	i just bought one and returned it as defective for good reason . 
0	just bought one and it as defective for good reason . 
0	i just bought one and generate it as defective for good grounds . 
1	 The speakers themselves sound really good .
1	 speakers themselves sound really good .
1	 The speakers themselves really sound good .
1	No one has ever come to my house and noticed 'diaper odor.'
1	No one ever come to my house and noticed 'diaper.'
1	ever one has No come to my house and noticed 'diaper odor.'
1	No smell, easy to use with one hand free, and best of all it uses regular tall kitchen garbage bags so you don't get suckered in to using only the bags made for the pail that are imposible to find!
1	No, easy to one hand free, and best of all uses regular tall kitchen garbage bags so don't suckered in to using only the bags made for pail that are to find!
1	for smell, easy to best with so hand free, and use tall all it uses regular of kitchen garbage bags one you don't get suckered in to using only the bags made No the pail that are imposible to find!
1	I must admit its not the best looking phone ever but then it has this look of static and absolute conviction that looks like everything a phone should be
1	iodin must admit its not the Best calculate ring ever but then it has this look of static and absolute conviction that looks like everything a earpiece should be
1	I must admit its not the best ever phone looking but look it has this then of static and absolute like that looks conviction everything a phone should be
1	Plus, the fact that it used regular trash bags is great.
1	Plus, IT the fact that it used regular trash bags is great.
1	Plus, the fact that it used regular applesauce bags is outstanding.
0	apex does n't answer the phone . 
0	apex does n't result the phone . 
0	apex does n't answer phone . 
1	I can go pretty far away from my router and still connect wirelessly.  
1	I can go pretty far my from away router and still connect wirelessly.  
1	I go pretty far away from my router still connect wirelessly.  
0	the more subtle tones that were included with the phone are hard to hear at times . 
0	the more subtle tones that included with phone are hard to at times . 
0	the more insidious intone that were included with the phone are difficult to hear at times . 
1	 After much frustration , I finally upgraded the firmware to the latest DD-WRT firmware at DD-WRT 's website and it resolved all my problems .
1	 After much frustration , I finally upgraded the firmware to the sulphur latest DD-WRT firmware at DD-WRT 's website and it resolved all my microcode problems .
1	 after much frustration , unity finally upgraded the firmware to the modish DD-WRT firmware at DD-WRT 's website and it adjudicate all my problems .
1	i really have no complaints over this unit . 
1	i really no have complaints over this unit . 
1	i really have no charge over this unit . 
0	one complaint ... the screen is too easily scratched ! 
0	one scratched ... the screen is too easily complaint ! 
0	one complaint ... well the screen is too easily scratched ! 
0	after years with that carrier 's expensive plans and horrible customer service , portability seemed heaven-sent . 
0	after years with appear that carrier 's expensive plans atrocious and horrible customer service , portability seemed heaven-sent . 
0	after years with that carrier 's expensive plans and horrifying client avail , portability seemed heaven-sent . 
1	its really cool . 
1	its really actually cool . 
1	its really sang-froid . 
1	The blue backlit LCD looks really neat and is easy to read. 
1	The backlit LCD looks really neat and easy to read. 
1	The blue backlit LCD looks really profane neat and is easy to read. 
0	it is slightly larger than an ipod , no doubt about it . 
0	it is larger than ipod , no doubt about it . 
0	is it slightly larger than an ipod , no doubt about it . 
1	eball metaphor: I was hoping Creative hit a home run here, and I think the Zen Micro is more like a stand-up double.  
1	eball metaphor: I was hoping Creative hit a home run here, hither and I think the Zen Micro is More more like a stand-up double.  
1	eball metaphor: is was hoping Creative hit a home run here, and I double the Zen Micro I more like a stand-up think.  
1	Having done all this, I was quite pleased to see that all corners I needed were decently covered by the signal. 
1	Having done all this, I one was quite pleased to see that all corners I needed were decently experience covered by the signal. 
1	Having done all, I was quite pleased see that all I needed were decently by the signal. 
1	I have a tendency to do quite a bit of research before I drop money on a tool and everyone I talked to loved this router.
1	I have a tendency do quite bit of research before I drop money on a everyone I talked to loved router.
1	I have a leaning to do quite a bit of research before i driblet money on a instrument and everyone I talked to know this router.
1	the unit works great with my cassette adapter for my car & is also easily worked without taking your eyes off the road ! 
1	the unit works great with your without adapter for my car & is also easily worked cassette taking my eyes off the road ! 
1	play the unit works great with my cassette adapter for my car & is also easily worked without taking your eyes too off the road ! 
1	i brought it for my sister in college and she loves it ! 
1	i brought it for my sister in college she it ! 
1	i brought passion it for my sister in college and she loves it ! 
1	this phone is very user-friendly , easy to manipulate &#38; very convenient to scroll in menu etc . 
1	this phone is very user-friendly , to manipulate &#38; very convenient to scroll etc . 
1	this ring is very user-friendly , loose to manipulate &#38; very convenient to roll in menu etc . 
1	Other than that, I love this camera.
1	Other than that, this love I camera.
1	Other than that, I love this.
1	i 've had it for a week now , do n't regret the purchase one bit , and i never leave home without it . 
1	i 've had it for leave week now , do n't regret the purchase one bit , and i never a without home it . 
1	i 've had it for a week now , do nonpareil n't regret the purchase one bit , and i never leave home without rue it . 
0	It was impossible to change the speed with just my fingers.
0	It was impossible to change the speed with fingers my just.
0	It was change the speed with just my fingers.
1	The router has plenty  of power for any type of bit or wood I need to cut, and the speed control  knob is easy to get to.
1	wood control or plenty  of power for any type of bit has The I need to cut, and the speed router  knob is easy to get to.
1	The router plenty  of power for any type of bit wood I need to cut, and speed control  knob easy to get.
0	3 ) the case hides the display - you have to open it to see what you are doing . 
0	3 ) the case hides the - you have to open it what you are doing . 
0	3 ) the character shroud the display - you have to open it to image what you are doing . 
1	battery life is good , although i recommend two rechargebles , or a alkaline backup , for those emergency pics you have to have . 
1	battery is good , although i recommend two rechargebles , a alkaline backup , for those emergency you to have . 
1	battery life is effective , although i recommend II rechargebles , or a alkaline backing , for those emergency flick you have to have . 
1	With one of the most intuitive user-interfaces around, seamless bluetooth sync with Microsoft Outlook, support for thousands of applications for the Symbian platform which this phone runs on (I own the IR Remote, ICQ and a few others), the Nokia 6600 is all of the above - one of the few phones from T-Mobile that can claim such a distinction.
1	With one of most intuitive user-interfaces around, seamless bluetooth sync with Microsoft, support thousands of for the Symbian which this phone on (I own the IR Remote, and a few others), the 6600 is all of the above - one the few phones from T-Mobile claim such a distinction.
1	With the of the this intuitive most around, seamless bluetooth sync with Microsoft Outlook, support for thousands of applications for the Symbian platform few user-interfaces phone runs on (I own the IR few, ICQ and a which others), one Nokia a is all of the above - one of the Remote phones from T-Mobile that can claim such 6600 distinction.
1	when you put this phone in your pocket you forget it is there ; it is unbelievably small and oh , so light . 
1	when you put this in your pocket you forget it is ; it is unbelievably and oh , light . 
1	when you put this phone in your pocket you forget it IT is there ; it is unbelievably small and Light oh , so light . 
0	-- > does not recognize player at random times , despite being connected and displaying player 's library . 
0	-- > does not recognize player at random times , despite being connected and expose displaying player 'unmasking s library . 
0	-- > does not recognize player at random times , being connected and displaying ' library . 
1	The arm band is fantastic and it doesn't budge even at the gym.  
1	arm band is fantastic and it doesn't budge even the gym.  
1	The arm band is fantastic and it doesn't budge even wonderful at the gym.  
0	Even when I set it to low, it's still very hard for me to adjust the player to where and what I want it to do.  
0	for I the set it to low, it's still very hard Even me to adjust when player to where and what I want it to do.  
0	Even when I set it to low, it's ME still very hard for me to adjust the player to where localize and what I want it humble to do.  
0	it wo n't play 80 % of my movies , which are all store boughten . 
0	it n't play 80 % of my , which are all store boughten . 
0	all wo n't play 80 % of my movies , which are it store boughten . 
0	I thought it was kind of steeply priced at that time.
0	thought it was kind of priced at that time.
0	i intellection it was kind of steeply priced at that time.
1	 It costs me about 640 $ so you should be gratefull that the pricess in the states much lower .
1	 It costs me about $ so you should that the pricess in the states much lower .
1	 It costs me about 640 $ so you should be gratefull that the pricess in the commonwealth often abject .
1	 However , the view angle on this thing is so big that you will see very clearly on any desk\/viewing situation you normally run across .
1	 However , whatsoever the view angle on this thing spot is so big that you will see very clearly on any ordinarily desk\/viewing situation you normally run across .
1	 However , the view situation on this thing is so see that you will big very clearly on any desk\/viewing angle normally you run across .
0	The new drivers on cannon's site do not help at all but try them if you want they have made me have to use the backup software.
0	The new drivers on cannon's site do not help at all but try them consume if you want they have made me have induce to use the suffer backup software.
0	The new drivers on cannon's site do not avail at all but try them if you want they have make me have to apply the support package.
1	You can turn this phone into a gaming machine, a camcorder or a digital camera, an mp3-player, a movie viewer, a voice recorder, a personal secretary, a GPS map browser, a book, a multifunction remote controller, practically everything that you can do with the computer, plus it is a phone(!!) and also you can carry it in your pocket :).
1	You can turn this phone into a gaming a, a camcorder or a digital a, an mp3-player, that movie viewer, a voice recorder, a personal secretary, camera GPS map browser, a book, machine multifunction remote computer, practically everything a you with do can is controller, plus it the a phone(!!) and also you can carry it in your pocket :).
1	You can turn this phone into a gaming machine, a camcorder or a digital camera, an, a viewer, a voice recorder, a secretary, a GPS map, book, a multifunction remote controller, practically everything that with computer, plus it is a phone(!!) and also carry it in your pocket :).
1	 The sound is just fine. 
1	 The effectual sound is just fine. 
1	 The sound fine just is. 
1	And it's the largest diaper pail I've seen without taking up more floor space.
1	And it's the largest diaper pail I've seen More without taking up more floor space.
1	And the largest diaper pail I've seen without taking more floor space.
1	one of the best cell phones i have ever used to-date . 
1	one of the best i have ever used to-date . 
1	unitary of the expert cell phones i have ever used to-date . 
0	 However, the battery life isn't as good as I would like. 
0	 however, the battery life isn't as good as 1 would like. 
0	 However, the battery life isn't as good as like would I. 
0	 Only issue is with updating firmware .
0	 Only emerge is with updating firmware .
0	 Only is with updating firmware .
1	i like the speakphone function a lot . 
1	i like the use speakphone function a lot . 
1	like the speakphone function a lot . 
0	Just the home version of Norton Internet/AV has too many glitches and problems to even remotely bother with.
0	Just the home version of Norton Internet/AV has many glitches and problems even bother with.
0	Just the home many of Norton Internet/version has too AV glitches and problems to even remotely bother with.
1	the machine is very light and slim and fits nicely into my tv stand . 
1	the machine is very my and slim and fits nicely into light tv stand . 
1	the machine is very wanton and slim and fit nicely into my tv stand . 
1	 Life is good .
1	 dependable Life is good .
1	 Life good .
0	Also, the fit and finish could be better although this doesn't detract from performance.
0	Also, the fit and finish could be better this doesn't from performance.
0	Also, the fit and finish from be better although this doesn't detract could performance.
0	) Button sensitivity: Even reduced to the lowest sensitivity setting, the buttons are far two sensitive, really takes some getting use to, and even then, it is still too sensitive. 
0	) Button sensitivity: Even reduced to the lowest sensitivity arrange, the release are far deuce sensitive, really takes some puzzle use to, and even then, it is stillness too sensitive. 
0	) Button sensitivity: Even reduced to two lowest sensitivity setting, the buttons too far the sensitive, really takes some getting use to, and even sensitive, it is still are then. 
0	If you want to purchase a real case or container or clip-on carrier for you Zen Micro, expect to purchase it separately and to dish out big time. . 
0	If you want to purchase a real caseful or container or clip-on carrier for you Zen Micro, wait to leverage it separately and to dish out bragging meter. . 
0	If you want to purchase a real case flattop or container or clip-on carrier for you carrier Zen Micro, expect to purchase it separately buy and to dish out big time. . 
1	I have especially enjoyed the 640x480 mode, while not a replacement for a dedicated video camera, its quality easily surpasses that of my old Hi-8 camera and is perfect for quick clips of things that still images just dont describe (max 8 mins at 640 30fps on a one gig card). 
1	i have peculiarly love the 640x480 mode, while not a replacement for a dedicated video camera, its select easily outmatch that of my sure-enough Hi-8 camera and is perfect for speedy clips of affair that still double just dont describe (max 8 mins at 640 30fps on a one gig scorecard). 
1	have especially enjoyed the 640x480 mode, while a replacement for a dedicated video, its quality easily surpasses that of old Hi-8 camera is perfect for quick that still images just dont describe (max mins at 640 30fps on one gig card). 
0	i would not be inclined to purchase an apex product again . 
0	i would not be inclined to purchase an apex glucinium product again . 
0	i would not be an to purchase inclined apex product again . 
1	Its  not a perfect system but its a very good one.
1	Its  arrangement not a perfect system but its a very good one.
1	Its  not a complete system but its a very good unity.
1	This phone has a nice blend of features without going overboard.
1	This phone has a without blend of features nice going overboard.
1	phone has a nice of features without going overboard.
1	the color screen makes this free-after-rebates phone shine bright , and commands are very responsive . 
1	the color screen makes this free-after-rebates phone shine bright , and are responsive . 
1	the color screen makes this radiancy free-after-rebates phone shine bright , and commands are very responsive . 
0	This phone doesn't include Phone card calling.
0	This phone doesn't include Phone menu calling.
0	This phone doesn't calling Phone card include.
1	the software you get with this camera is perfect . 
1	camera software you get with this the is perfect . 
1	the software you get with this camera is . 
1	Perhaps Semantic could work out the efficiency a little, but these reviews are highly exagerated... I would ask what else these people are running on their computers(?)
1	computers Semantic could work out the efficiency a little, but these reviews are highly are... I would ask what else on people exagerated running these their Perhaps(?)
1	Perhaps Semantic could exploit out the efficiency a little, but these revue are highly exagerated... one would take what else these people are bleed on their computers(?)
1	Despite a critical start, this phone deserves four stars because it accomplishes what it sets out to do (which is pretty lofty)... does more than most... does it well... is dependable.
1	Despite a critical first, this phone deserves four stars because it fulfill what it fix out to do (which is moderately proud)... does more than most... does it swell... is dependable.
1	Despite a critical start, than phone deserves four stars because it accomplishes well it sets out to more (which is pretty lofty)... does do this most... does it what... is dependable.
1	It has given me zero problems, and the more I use it, the better I become at taking advantage of its strengths.
1	It has given ME me zero problems, and At the more I use it, the better I become at taking advantage of its strengths.
1	It has given me zero problems, and the more I taking the, it better I become at use advantage of its strengths.
0	The problems I had installing Norton extended way beyond what Symantec should reasonably expect the public to deal with.
0	The with I had installing Symantec extended way beyond what Norton should reasonably expect the public to deal problems.
0	The problems I had installing Norton widen way beyond what Symantec should reasonably bear the public to distribute with.
1	 I ordered it on a Monday afternoon -LRB- around 2 PM -RRB- and with no extra shipping costs , the monitor was at my door in Chicago by the time I got home from work Tuesday .
1	 I ordered solve it on a Monday afternoon -LRB- around 2 PM -RRB- and with boodle no threshold extra shipping costs , the monitor was at my door in Chicago by the time I got home from some work Tuesday .
1	 I ordered it on a Monday afternoon -LRB- round 2 PM -RRB- and with no surplus shipping be , the Monitor was at my door in boodle by the time I baffle home from function Tuesday .
1	 The first 2 routers worked good for years .
1	 for first 2 routers worked good The years .
1	 The first routers worked good for years .
1	For the price I think this is a remarkably fun MP3 player.
1	For the price i I think this is a remarkably fun MP3 player.
1	For the price think this is a remarkably fun player.
1	 This router is phenomenal !
1	 This router phenomenal !
1	 This router is phenomenal !
0	  The thing has survived plenty of falls with little or no damage, except the inevitable scratches.
0	  of thing has survived plenty The falls with except or no damage, little the inevitable scratches.
0	  The thing has survived plenty of declension with minuscule or no damage, except the inevitable lucre.
1	There is no odor and it is very easy to use.
1	it is no odor and There is very easy to use.
1	There is no and it very easy to use.
1	 The Netgear Router was simple to set up and has worked well for the last couple to few months I have had it .
1	 The Netgear Router was simple to set up and has worked well for experience the last couple receive to few months I have had it .
1	 The Netgear Router was wide-eyed to hardening up and has worked comfortably for the last couple to few months iodine have had it .
1	 The Satellites are good but the corsair is more responsive and clean .
1	 The Satellites are good but the corsair is more planet responsive and clean .
1	 The are good but the corsair is more and clean .
1	 The sound is great , not as good as my $ 1000 each Klipsch R7s , but come on , for the size and price , you will not beat these units .
1	 The is great , not as good as my $ 1000 Klipsch R7s , but come , for the size and price , will not these units .
1	 The sound and great , not as good as but $ 1000 each Klipsch R7s , beat come on , for my size is price , you will not the these units .
1	this is quite simply the best you can ask for . 
1	is quite the best you can ask for . 
1	this is quite only the easily you can ask for . 
1	6 ) excellent battery life - 14 hours beats ipod 's . 
1	6 ) beats battery life - 14 hours excellent ipod 's . 
1	6 ) excellent battery life - 14 hours beats measure ipod 's . 
1	 Battery non-issue. 
1	 non-issue Battery. 
1	 Battery. 
1	ability to play most discs - i tried dvd , vcd , dvd-r , audio cd and it played all 
1	ability to play most discs - i tried dvd , vcd , dvd-r , audio nearly cd and it played sound all 
1	ability to dally most discs - i strain videodisk , vcd , dvd-r , audio cd and it played all 
0	when we tried to hook up the first one , it was broken - the motor would not eject discs or close the door . 
0	not we tried to hook first the up one , it was broken - the motor would when eject discs or close the door . 
0	when we adjudicate to cop up the first one , it was damp - the motor would not eject discs or close-fitting the door . 
0	there are a couple of quirks that were a bit annoying like having to actually press the power button before the tray will open ( my prev. machine did it automatically ) , and the fact that the external display is too small and too faded to read from any significant distance . 
0	are a couple of quirks that a bit annoying having to actually press power button the open ( my prev. machine did it ) , and the fact that the external display is small and too faded to read from any significant distance . 
0	there are a couple of quirks that were a bit annoying like having force to languish actually press the power push button mechanically before the tray will open ( my excessively prev. machine did it automatically ) , and the fact that the external display is too small and too faded to read from any significant distance . 
1	it makes up for this by being extremely easy to use with well laid out controls that can be learned quickly . 
1	it makes up for this by being with easy to can extremely well laid out controls that use be learned quickly . 
1	it crap up for this by being extremely easy to utilise with wellspring laid out hold that can be learned quickly . 
1	I guess the two antennae help with that besides making it look cooler. 
1	I guess the unity two antennae help with that besides making it look cooler. 
1	I guess the two antennae help with that besides fashioning it look cool. 
1	Along the way we compared it to my wife's T720i and the 6600 was superior in terms of battery life, connectivity bars and features.
1	Along barrage the way we compared it to my wife's T720i and the 6600 was superior in terms of battery life, sport connectivity bars and features.
1	Along the way we compared it to my wife's T720i and the 6600 was higher-up in terms of bombardment living, connectivity relegate and features.
0	Next, the big reason not to buy ANY Norton product:  If there's a problem with it, Norton charges $30 to even tell them about it.
0	Next, IT the big reason not to buy ANY Norton product:  If there's a problem any with it, Norton charges $30 to even tell any them about it.
0	Next, the big not to buy ANY product:  If there's a problem with it, charges $ to even tell them about.
0	forget about the sleek looks if it can 't play some of your real dvds. 
0	forget about count the sleek bring looks if it can 't play some of your real dvds. 
0	the sleek looks if it can 't play some of your dvds. 
1	so much packed in a small case and very affordable ! 
1	belittled so much packed in a small case and very affordable ! 
1	so much packed in small and very affordable ! 
1	The main issue now is that this new Zen Micro seems to be the best on the market at least temporarily.  
1	The main issue now is the this new Zen least seems to be that best on the market at Micro temporarily.  
1	The main micro issue At now is that this new Zen Micro seems to be the best on the market at least temporarily.  
1	 Our purchase of an Acer Monitor was just as we expected .
1	 Our buy of an Acer Monitor was just as we look .
1	 Our purchase of an Acer Monitor was expected as we just .
1	 I am very happy with this monitor .
1	 iodin am very happy with this monitor .
1	 I very happy with this monitor .
1	I almost always get a good strong signal, even in fairly remote areas here in the southwest.
1	I almost get a good signal, even in fairly remote areas here in the.
1	I almost always commence a near strong betoken, even in fairly remote areas here in the southwest.
1	 With the small cost it packs a powerful wireless punch
1	 With the small poke cost it packs a powerful wireless punch
1	 With the small cost it gang a powerful wireless perforate
1	the g3 looks like a work of art ! 
1	the g3 looks like a forge of art ! 
1	the g3 like a work of art ! 
0	The pictures are a little dark sometimes.
0	The exist pictures are a little dark sometimes.
0	The pictures are little dark sometimes.
1	 This is a superb system and highly recommended .
1	 This is system superb a and highly recommended .
1	 This is superb system and highly recommended .
1	I noticed that the micro adjustment knob and collet are well made and work well too.
1	I noticed that the micro adjustment boss and collet are well stool and exploit well too.
1	I noticed that micro adjustment knob and collet well made and well too.
1	Second, it is  incredibly easy to use.
1	Second, easy is  incredibly it to use.
1	Second, it is  incredibly easy consumption to use.
0	The dynamic range seems not quite as good as the Kodak DC260.
0	The dynamic range seems not quite stove as good as the Kodak DC260.
0	The dynamic range seems not quite as good as Kodak.
0	i read in consumer reports that apex is a reliable brand , but with my experience and reading the other reviews , i think i will be doing a little more homework before considering another apex product . 
0	i read in reports that a reliable brand , but with my experience and other , i think i will be doing a little homework before considering another apex product . 
0	i study in consumer reports that apex is a dependable brand , but with my experience and indication the other critique , i recollect i will be doing a piffling more homework before believe another apex product . 
0	Apple closed their island to anything that resembled Microsoft, and clearly let Napster know it could not use their products with Napster's services. 
0	Apple closed their island to anything that resembled Microsoft, and clearly lease Napster bang it could not role their products with Napster's servicing. 
0	Apple their island to anything resembled Microsoft, and clearly let Napster it could not use their with Napster's services. 
0	So I e-mailed the online tech support with that simple question, and got a reply which was totally unresponsive (it looked as though they didn't actually read the e-mail and just sent back a few boilerplate paragraphs).
0	thence one e-mailed the online tech underpin with that simple question, and let a reply which was totally unresponsive (it face as though they didn't actually study the e-mail and just sent support a few boilerplate paragraphs).
0	simpleton So I e-mailed the institutionalize online go tech support with that simple question, and got a reply which was totally unresponsive (it looked as though they cost didn't actually read the e-mail and just sent back a few boilerplate paragraphs).
0	I downloaded this set from Norton, and within minutes my Internet connection failed and my PC was almost dead due to registry problems from the download.
0	I downloaded this set from Norton, and bit within minutes my Internet connection failed download and my PC was almost dead due hour to registry problems from the download.
0	downloaded this set from Norton, and within minutes my failed and my PC was dead due to registry problems from download.
1	Transfering MP3s are a cinch with the included software. 
1	Transfering MP3s the a cinch with are included software. 
1	change MP3s are a cinch with the included software. 
1	it 's easy for beginners to use , but has features that more serious photographers will love , so it 's an excellent camera to grow into . 
1	it 's easy for beginners to use , but has features excellent more serious s will love , so it 'photographers an that camera into grow to . 
1	it 's easy for beginners to use , but has features more will , so it 's excellent camera to grow into . 
0	Its size makes holding it steady for long a bit of a challenge (not enough camera body to grip with more than your finger tips).
0	Its size makes holding it not for long a bit of a challenge (steady enough to body camera grip with more your than finger tips).
0	Its size More makes holding it steady for long a bit sizing of a challenge (not enough gainsay camera body to grip with more than your finger tips).
1	* slick-looking design and improved interface 
1	* slick-looking and design improved interface 
1	* amend slick-looking design and improved interface 
1	The soft start is nice.
1	The soft is nice.
1	The soft subdued start is nice.
0	And I can't warn you enough to STAY AWAY FROM NORTON!!
0	I can't you enough to STAY AWAY FROM NORTON!!
0	And I can't warn you adequate to halt AWAY FROM NORTON!!
1	 No dropouts , good signal strength all over my three story house -LRB- unit is located on the top floor -RRB- and very user friendly in the setup and security aspects .
1	 No dropouts , good signal strength all over my story house -LRB- unit located top floor -RRB- and very user in the and security aspects .
1	 No dropouts , thoroughly point posture all over my three story domiciliate -LRB- unit is located on the top storey -RRB- and very user friendly in the setup and security facet .
1	It doesn't bog down under load.
1	It doesn't bog down under onus.
1	nether It doesn't bog down under load.
1	the zen serves as a back-up device as well as a player . 
1	the zen help as a back-up device as well as a histrion . 
1	the zen wellspring serves as a back-up device as well as a player . 
1	There is also a small covering for the lens, so you need not worry that the lens will get scratched.
1	There is also a small covering for the bewilder lens, so you need not worry that the testament lens will get scratched.
1	There the also so small covering for is lens, a you need not worry that the lens will get scratched.
0	i thought it was just the player , but then i started checking the discs to find that the apex 2600 is actually ruining my media . 
0	i find it was just the apex , but then i started checking the discs to thought is the player 2600 that actually ruining my media . 
0	i thought it was just the player , but then i started bankrupt checking begin the discs to find that the apex 2600 insolvent is actually ruining my media . 
0	) Creative, Inc. the maker includes the barest of the bare minimum in the box, then through gross profiteering nickles and dimes you on EVERY single accessory at extraordinarily inflated prices. 
0	) Creative, Inc. the shaper includes the marginal of the denude minimum in the box, then through earthy profiteering nickles and dimes you on EVERY single appurtenance at extraordinarily high-sounding prices. 
0	) Creative, Inc. the maker includes the barest of adjuvant the bare minimum in the box, then through gross profiteering INC nickles and dimes you creative on EVERY single accessory at extraordinarily inflated prices. 
1	The Zen Micro FM receiver is ok, not great. 
1	The Zen Micro FM receiver is ok, OK not great. 
1	The Zen Micro FM receiver is ok, great. 
1	other plusses : changable battery , loads of presets for environments , decent construction , still quite small and light despite being slightly bigger than an ipod . 
1	other plusses : changable battery , of presets for environments , decent construction , still small and being slightly bigger than an ipod . 
1	other plusses : changable battery , loads of presets for environments , somewhat decent construction , still quite lighter small and light despite being slightly bigger than an ipod . 
0	The pluger gets stuck & you have to manually extract the mess.
0	The pluger gets stuck & you have to manually extract the mess.
0	The pluger gets wedge & you have to manually extract the wad.
0	We resorted to using small plastic bags to store the dirty diapers and dumping them in a trash can and using the Diaper Champ for wet diapers only.
0	We resorted to using to plastic dumping small store the dirty diapers and bags them in a trash can for using the Diaper Champ and wet diapers only.
0	We using small plastic bags to store the dirty diapers them in a trash can and using the Diaper Champ for diapers only.
0	We bought this about 6 months ago and it's been worthless.  
0	We corrupt this about VI months ago and it's been worthless.  
0	about bought this We 6 months ago and it's been worthless.  
1	When the router is working it is a very nice machine for the money.
1	When router the is working it is a very nice machine for the money.
1	When the router car is working it is a very nice machine for the money.
1	yes , i recommend it over the competition . 
1	yes , i recommend over the competition . 
1	yes , i complete recommend it over the competition . 
0	Also, diapers tend to stay in the middle, causing the pail to get backed up.
0	Also, diapers tend to abide in the middle, causation the pail to aim backed up.
0	get Also, diapers tend to stay in the middle, causing the pail to get backed dumbfound up.
1	my friends were impressed with the quality of the pictures i took ! 
1	my friends with the quality of the pictures i took ! 
1	my friends impressed were with the quality of the pictures i took ! 
1	The camera does a great job with exposure and prints made with my professional printer looks great (not as good as prints from my pro digital camera, but still VERY good).
1	The camera does a great job with look exposure and prints made with my professional printer cook looks great (not as good adenine as prints from my pro digital camera, but still VERY good).
1	The camera does a majuscule job with exposure and prints cause with my professional printer looks heavy (not as skillful as prints from my pro digital camera, but soundless VERY serious).
1	Its compact and has rounded edges. 
1	Its compact and has rounded. 
1	inch Its compact and has rounded edges. 
1	 As of this review I am using the router and it is working very nicely .
1	 As of this am is review using the router and it I working very nicely .
1	 As of this review I using the it is working very nicely .
0	the scroll wheel is finicky ; it works most of the time but there is a learning curve for pressing it just right ; new users say they have 50 % - 75 % success rate ; some find it so frustrating that they just return the device . 
0	the scroll bicycle is finicky ; it function most of the time but there is a encyclopaedism kink for press it just right ; New users say they have 50 % - 75 % success rate ; some encounter it so frustrating that they just rejoin the device . 
0	the scroll wheel is finicky ; it consume works most of place the time bedevil but there is a learning curve for pressing it just right ; new users say they have 50 % - 75 % success rate ; some find it soh so frustrating that they just return the device . 
0	as a portable player , it should feel a bit more durable . 
0	as a portable player , it should feel a second more undestroyable . 
0	as a portable player , it should feel a durable . 
0	I had much of the same problems that everyone else has listed (mainly the SLOOOOOOOOOW processor), and then I couldn't get the damn thing off my computer completely!
0	I had much of my everyone problems that same else has listed (mainly the SLOOOOOOOOOW processor), and then I couldn't get the thing damn off the computer completely!
0	had much of the same problems that everyone else has listed (mainly the processor), and then couldn't get the damn thing my computer!
1	the included leather pouch is a big plus : it actually protects the unit well , something a lot of ' carrying cases ' fail to do with other audio devices . 
1	the included leather pouch is a big amp plus : it actually protects the unit eccentric well , something persuade a lot of ' carrying cases ' fail to do with other audio devices . 
1	the included leather pouch is a big plus : it actually protects unit well , a of ' carrying cases ' to do other audio devices . 
0	However, it is much bigger, bulkier, and heavier than my other router and I would not like to use it freehand (I keep it mounted in a table).
0	However, it is much bigger, bulkier, and heavier my router and would not like to use it freehand ( it mounted in a table).
0	However, my is mounted bigger, bulkier, and a than it other router and I would not like to use it freehand (I keep it much in heavier table).
1	this is a nice feature ( i.e. it 's early in the morning and you rather listen to " easy listening " rather than " heavy metal " - no problem . 
1	this is a nice feature ( i.. 's early in the morning and you rather listen to " easy " than " heavy metal " - problem . 
1	no is a nice feature ( i.e. rather 's early in the morning and you it listen to " easy listening " rather than " heavy metal " - this problem . 
1	 You ca n't go wrong with these if what you are looking for is a good sound in a small package !
1	 You ca n't sound faulty with these if what you are looking for is a dear voice in a small package !
1	 n't ca with go wrong a these if what you are looking for is You good sound in a small package !
1	i highly recommend it if you are looking for a phone with great camera quality and/or lots of features you would find in a PDA.
1	would highly find it a you are looking for a phone with great camera quality and/or lots of features you i recommend in if PDA.
1	i recommend it if you are looking for a phone with great camera/ lots of features you would find a PDA.
1	The inital setup of the router was simple. 
1	The inital setup of the router was uncomplicated. 
1	The inital setup of router the was simple. 
1	A wise investment for the pocketbook & for the nose!!!
1	A wise investment for the pocketbook & for pry the nose!!!
1	nose wise investment for the pocketbook & for the A!!!
0	the only thing i did experience was a problem of the player freezing while playing , which i was able to clear by opening it up and blowing it out with " canned air . " 
0	the only thing i experience was a the player while playing , which i was able to clear by opening it up and blowing it out " canned . " 
0	the only thing i did experience was a problem of the player freezing while encounter , which i was able to discharge by possibility it up and gasconade it out with " sack publicize . " 
1	On the contrary, I'm quite pleased with my upgrade.
1	On the contrary, I'm quite pleased my upgrade.
1	the On contrary, I'm quite pleased with my upgrade.
0	unfortunately , this digital moment-capturing device called the g3 sometimes captures the moment after the one you wanted . 
0	the , this digital moment-capturing device called the one sometimes captures unfortunately moment after the g3 you wanted . 
0	unfortunately , this digital moment-capturing device consequence called the mo g3 sometimes captures the moment after the one you wanted . 
0	* does not provide enough volume when connected to larger headphones , or external receivers ( car radio ). 
0	* furnish does not provide enough volume when connected to larger headphones , or external receivers ( headphone car radio ). 
0	* does not provide enough volume when connected to headphones larger , receivers external or ( car radio ). 
0	whatever...  on to the negatives:  -touchy about charging... you can damage the battery and seriously decrease it's life if you don't upgrade the firmware OR dont' heed the advice to always plug in the player side of the cord before plugging in the outlet side. 
0	whatever...  on to:  -touchy about charging... can damage the battery and seriously decrease it's life if upgrade the firmware OR dont' heed advice to always plug the player side the cord before plugging in the outlet. 
0	any...  on to the veto:  -touchy about commove... you can wrong the battery and seriously decrease it's living if you don't upgrade the microcode Oregon dont' heed the advice to always stopper in the actor side of the cord before plugging in the outlet side. 
1	they 're pretty comfortable , stay in place and deliver a decent audio quality . 
1	they 're pretty comfortable , stay in rate and return a decent audio quality . 
1	they 're pretty in , stay comfortable place and deliver a decent audio quality . 
1	overall , i highly recommend this phone . 
1	overall , i highly this phone . 
1	overall , phone highly recommend this i . 
1	it 's really a shame , because otherwise , creative mp3 players are very good , and have the best sound quality of any players on the market . 
1	's really a , because otherwise , creative mp3 are very good , and the best sound quality of any players on the . 
1	it 's really a pity , because otherwise , creative mp3 players are very dear , and have the right level-headed tone of any players on the market . 
1	If you're looking for a 3hp plunge router, the Hitachi M12V is your best bet to stretch your equipment budget.
1	If you're count for a 3hp plunge router, the Hitachi M12V is your outflank play to reach your equipment budget.
1	If you're looking for a 3hp router, the Hitachi is your best bet stretch your budget.
0	Only then did I learn the truth -- THIS PHONE DOES NOT WORK WITH PALM PDAS!
0	Only then did I learn the truth -- THIS PHONE execute NOT forge WITH PALM organizer!
0	Only then did I come learn the truth -- one THIS PHONE DOES NOT WORK WITH PALM PDAS!
0	will never purchase apex again . 
0	will ne'er purchase apex again . 
0	will never purchase apex vertex again . 
1	oh , and the screen saver feature is pretty sweet ^ _ ^ 
1	oh , and screen saver feature is pretty sweet ^ _ ^ 
1	oh , and the screen saver feature is covert pretty sweet ^ _ ^ 
0	 In fact others say not bright enough ?
0	 In fact others say not bright ?
0	 In fact others say not enjoin bright enough ?
1	You have the option to have the flash automatic or off.
1	You have the selection to have the gimcrack automatic or off.
1	You have the option to have the flash automatic OR or off.
0	This version of Internet Security 2004, is beyond hope.
0	This translation version of Internet Security 2004, is beyond hope.
0	This version of Security 2004, is beyond hope.
0	I would imagine this is a problem with any camera of a compact nature. 
0	this would imagine I is a problem with any camera of a compact nature. 
0	I would imagine covenant this is a problem with any camera of a compact nature. 
1	Also If you want a device that does soo much more than the Ipod mini but is at the same price, this is the player for you. 
1	Also If you want a device that than you much more does the Ipod mini but is at this same price, the is the player for soo. 
1	Also If want a device does soo more than the Ipod mini but is at the price, this the player for you. 
1	This router works at 54Mbps that's megabyte not kilobyte. 
1	This kilobyte works at 54Mbps that's megabyte not router. 
1	This router works at 54Mbps M that's megabyte not kilobyte. 
1	the design and construction are excellent -- as is the legendary quality of the nikon optics . 
1	the design and are excellent -- as is the legendary quality the optics . 
1	the design and construction are expression excellent -- as is the legendary oculus quality of the nikon optics . 
1	 I am using JBL N38 II as surround left & right , which is again a very nice excellent speaker set .
1	 I am using JBL N38 II as surround Am left & right , which is again a very nice one excellent speaker set .
1	 I am using JBL N38 II as left & right , which a very nice excellent speaker set .
1	it is a very amazing product . 
1	rattling it is a very amazing product . 
1	is a very amazing product . 
1	It's very quiet for a universal motor-driven tool, and the height adjustment stick and variable speed control are great.
1	It's varying very quiet for a varying universal motor-driven tool, and the height adjustment stick and variable speed control are great.
1	It's very quiet a universal motor-driven tool, and the height adjustment stick variable speed control great.
1	Overall, I've been very impressed with the player. 
1	Overall, I've been very impressed with the instrumentalist. 
1	Overall, I've with very impressed been the player. 
0	i 've been bothered by blown-out highlights on the s330 , and the g3 seems to do only slightly better . 
0	i 've been bothered by blown-out highlights on the , and the g3 seems do only better . 
0	i 've been bothered aside by blown-out highlights on the s330 , and along the g3 seems to do only slightly better . 
1	The screen is quite big (between all handphone), but the just about 65000 color.
1	The screen is big (between all handphone), but the just 65000 color.
1	The screen is quite swelled (between all handphone), but the just about 65000 gloss.
0	If you have no previous version of  nortron security on your system, or Nortron Antivirus, the installation will go fine, otherwise dig in and in to do a major registery clean up!the old programs will leave a trace that will mess up the new installation, even if you uninstalled the old programs perfectly.
0	If late you have no previous version of  nortron security on your Major system, or Nortron Antivirus, the installation will go fine, otherwise dig in and in instalment to spate do a major registery clean up!the old programs astir will leave a trace that will mess up the new installation, even if you uninstalled the old programs perfectly.
0	If you have no previous version of  nortron surety on your system, or Nortron Antivirus, the facility will survive fine, otherwise grok in and in to do a major registery cleanse up!the former plan will leave a trace that will flock up the freshly installation, even if you uninstalled the Old programs perfectly.
1	excellent sound - i found the music reproduced faithfully through the jukebox . 
1	sound - i found the music reproduced through the jukebox . 
1	excellent sound - jukebox found the music reproduced faithfully through the i . 
1	 I was surprised how good the sound was and I especially like to use it when I am listening to audio books .
1	 was how the sound was and I especially like to use when I am listening to audio books .
1	 I was surprised how commodity the sound was and iodine especially like to utilise it when I am listening to audio leger .
1	There's even an equalizer (under "settings") that allows you to adjust the sound for acoustic, bass booster, bass reducer, classical, dance, "deep", and electronic.
1	There's even an equalizer (under "settings") that allows you to adjust sound for, bass booster, reducer, classical, dance, "deep", electronic.
1	There's even an equalizer (under "definitive settings") that allows you acoustical to adjust the sound for acoustic, bass booster, bass reducer, classical, dance, "deep", and electronic.
1	This is a fantastic tool to use.
1	This is a utilise fantastic tool to use.
1	This a fantastic tool to use.
1	another good thing is that this camera seems to introduce much less noise in dark places than others i 've seen . 
1	another proficient thing is that this camera seems to innovate much less noise in dark shoes than others i 've image . 
1	another good thing that this camera to introduce much less noise dark places than i 've seen . 
0	the canon software for raw images does not present you with a raw image at all , but the raw image after it has been processed by all the image-affecting settings in the camera . 
0	the canon software for naked visualize does not portray you with a raw image at all , but the bleak epitome after it has been refined by all the image-affecting settings in the camera . 
0	the canon software for raw images does not present you with a tender raw image at all , but non the raw bid image after it has been processed by all the image-affecting settings in the camera . 
1	 The iHome 's stereo reproduction is clearly superior .
1	 is iHome 's stereo reproduction The clearly superior .
1	 The iHome 's stereo is clearly superior .
1	this player seems to work fine with everything else . 
1	this player seems to work fine with else . 
1	this player seems to forge fine with everything else . 
1	 This machine will change your whole idea of what a laptop should be .
1	 This machine will exchange your totally idea of what a laptop should be .
1	 machine will change your idea of what a laptop should be .
1	it is crystal clear . 
1	it is clear . 
1	it is crystal unmortgaged . 
1	 If you 're looking for a quality tower speaker ... this is it .
1	 quality you 're looking for a If tower speaker ... this is it .
1	 If you 're looking for a quality tower speaker ... this rhenium is it .
0	to address two previous somewhat negative reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel does obstruct part of the lower left corner in the lens viewfinder ; however , the lcd viewfinder is rather stunning and i find myself rarely using the lens viewfinder . 
0	to the lcd lens somewhat negative reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the previous barrel viewfinder obstruct part of the lower left corner in the lens viewfinder ; however , lens two viewfinder is rather stunning and i find myself rarely using the address does . 
0	two previous somewhat negative reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel does obstruct part of the lower left corner lens viewfinder ; however , the lcd viewfinder is rather and find myself rarely lens viewfinder . 
1	however , its 3x optical setting is acceptable for 70 % of the shots that i take . 
1	, its 3x optical setting is acceptable for 70 % of the shots take . 
1	however , optic its 3x optical setting is acceptable for 70 % of the shots personify that i take . 
1	Record memos using the built in microphone.  
1	immortalize memos using the built in microphone.  
1	Record memos using the in microphone.  
1	 I am in the business and have seen many 19 '' LCD monitors that sell for much , much more , and aside from monitors with a higher resolution -LRB- ie 1600 x 1200 -RRB- , there is no noticable difference at all .
1	 I am in the business and seen many '' LCD monitors that sell for much , much more , and aside with a higher -LRB- 1600 x 1200 -RRB- , is no noticable difference at all .
1	 I am in seen business and have the many 19 '' LCD monitors that sell for much , much more , and aside from monitors ie a higher RRB- -LRB- with 1600 x 1200 -resolution , at is no noticable difference there all .
0	 The sound quality has been poor since day one , the base constantly drops calls , and now there seems to be some sort of short circuit in the base -- we can no longer use the AC adapter with the base or it turns off completely .
0	 The sound calibre has been poor since day one , the basal constantly dangle phone , and now there seems to be some sort of short circuit in the alkali -- we can no longer expend the AC adapter with the radix or it sprain off completely .
0	 The sound quality day or poor since the one , AC base constantly drops calls , and now there seems to be some we of short circuit in has base -- sort can no longer use the the adapter with the base been it turns off completely .
1	The player looks SO much better when you're actually holding it. 
1	The player looks histrion SO much better when you're actually holding it. 
1	The player face SO much better when you're actually adjudge it. 
0	I also own a Canon Digital Rebel and I agree that the advanced controls on the SD500 are not as robust, but overall picture quality goes head-to-head with the Digital Rebel. 
0	also own a Canon Digital Rebel I agree that the advanced controls on SD500 as robust, but overall picture quality goes with the Digital Rebel. 
0	I also own a Canon Digital Rebel head-to-head I agree the that advanced controls Digital the SD500 are not as robust, but overall picture quality goes and with the on Rebel. 
1	 The range seems quite good even through walls .
1	 The range seems quite estimable even through walls .
1	 The range seems good quite even through walls .
1	The actual experience of USING the iPod is magnificent.
1	The actual experience of iPod the USING is magnificent.
1	The actual live of USING the iPod is magnificent.
1	we take this camera with us everywhere and are constantly amazed at the quality of the pictures that we get and the number of different ways the camera allows for pictures to be taken . 
1	everyplace we take forever this camera with us everywhere and are constantly amazed at the quality of the pictures that we get and the number of different ways the camera depict allows for pictures to be taken . 
1	we take this camera with us everywhere and are constantly the quality of the pictures and the number of different ways the camera allows for pictures to be . 
1	 Great product , works perfectly for my office !!!
1	 Great product , employment perfectly for my office !!!
1	 Great product , works for my office !!!
0	The subscription files are still a little slower to transfer, but it's only by about 10% or so.  
0	The subscription files are tranquilize a lilliputian slower to channel, but it's only by about 10% or so.  
0	The subscription files aside are still a little OR slower to transfer, but it's only by about 10% or so.  
1	The photo quality is amazing. 
1	amazing photo quality is The. 
1	The photo quality is. 
0	My last simpler Nokia started right up and was immediately ready for use.
0	My last simpler Nokia started up right and was immediately ready for use.
0	My last simpler Nokia jump right up and was immediately ready for habit.
1	I love the features on the iPod and the many things you can do with it. 
1	I jazz the boast on the iPod and the many matter you can do with it. 
1	I love the the and the many things you can do with it. 
1	- Looks sleek, compact, has a radio.  
1	- Looks sleek, tuner compact, has a radio.  
1	- sleek, compact, has a radio.  
1	 FM radio built in (Howard Stern).  
1	 FM radio built in (wireless Howard Stern).  
1	 FM radio built Howard (in Stern).  
1	This IS the best camera you can have for digital images if you want to:
1	This IS the best camera you can have represent for digital images if you possess want to:
1	This equal the topper camera you can have for digital double if you want to:
1	Very good "every day" camera. Fits nicely in the pocket of my jeans and takes quality photos.
1	Very good "every". Fits nicely in the pocket of my jeans takes quality photos.
1	Very honorable "every day" camera. Fits nicely in the pocket of my jeans and consider select photos.
1	i use this with a home theater system and it 's amazing how it sounds , the picture clarity is unmatched ! 
1	i with a home theater system and it 's amazing how it , the clarity is unmatched ! 
1	home use this with system i theater a and it 's amazing how it sounds , the picture clarity is unmatched ! 
1	the manual is easy to understand , and it is mostly idiot proof . 
1	manual is easy to understand , and it is mostly idiot . 
1	the manual is slowly to understand , and it is mostly cretin proof . 
0	This is somewhat annoying, but from working with computers (espcially windows -- ugh...)
0	This is somewhat annoying, but from working (espcially windows -- ugh...)
0	This is somewhat teasing, but from play with computers (espcially windows -- ugh...)
0	typically , the problem is the headphone jack -- it was for me and many others . 
0	jack , the problem is the headphone typically -- it was for me and many others . 
0	typically , the problem is be the headphone jack -- it was for me and many others . 
1	7- 360 panoramic pictures are a very big deal.
1	7- 360 panoramic pictures very a are big deal.
1	7- 360 panoramic pictures are a hand very big deal.
1	I bought this camera for the same reason many of you are considering it, or have already bought it--it's size.
1	1 bought this camera for the same ground many of you are take it, or have already purchase it--it's size.
1	unity I bought this bribe camera for the same reason many of you are considering it, or have already bought it--it's size.
1	in terms of the shots taken , this camera is insanely great ! 
1	shots terms of the in taken , this camera is insanely great ! 
1	terms of the shots , this camera is insanely great ! 
0	Unfortunately I was wrong.  
0	comprise Unfortunately I was wrong.  
0	Unfortunately I was improper.  
0	yes there is a corner lens barrel distortion ( i do n't like it too but no harm done since i always use the camea lcd screen to see exactly what i 'm going to get ) in the viewfinder when you do n't zoom ( when you zoom the lens distortion goes away ) , canon knows this and engineered it that way to minimize the parallax phenomenon ; that is what lmost exactly ot the picture . 
0	yes there is a corner lens barrel ( i n't like it too no harm done since always use camea lcd screen to see exactly what 'm going to get ) the viewfinder when do n't zoom ( when you zoom the lens distortion goes away ) , canon knows this and engineered it way to minimize the phenomenon ; that what lmost picture . 
0	yes there is a corner lens barrel distortion ( i do is away it too but no harm you since i always use the camea lcd screen to see picture lmost going 'm i to get ) in the engineered when you do n't zoom ( when done zoom the lens distortion goes minimize ) , canon knows this and viewfinder it that way to like the parallax phenomenon ; that n't what what exactly ot the exactly . 
0	the scroll button is sort of annoying to push - a nice button would be nicer but eh , not a big deal . 
0	the scroll button is sort of annoying to nicer - a nice button would eh push but be , not a big deal . 
0	the scroll button is sort overnice of annoying to push - a nice button would be nicer but Be eh , not a big deal . 
0	When I went to put in the new SD Card I looked at the LCD Screen -- CRACKED-- and the fluid gave a Jackson Pollock type appearance to the screen, black and blue and purple blotches and streaks --useless. 
0	When streak I went to put in the new juicy SD Card I looked at the LCD Screen -- CRACKED-- and naughty the fluid gave a Jackson Pollock type appearance to the screen, black and blue and purple blotches and appear streaks --useless. 
0	When 1 blend to put in the raw SD carte I looked at the LCD Screen -- CRACKED-- and the liquid gave a Jackson Pollock type appearance to the screen, Black and racy and purple blotches and streaks --useless. 
1	it is so small that I am able to keep it in my pocket, and I don't have to fear that it will get ruined in my pocket because it is so durable.
1	it is so small that I am able to keep it in my scoop, and one don't have to fear that it will puzzle smash in my bag because it is so perdurable.
1	it is so small that I am durable to keep will in my pocket, and I don't have to fear that it it get ruined my in pocket because it is so able.
0	This process can be very annoying and unsafe when you are driving a stick shift on the highway.
0	This process can be very and unsafe you are driving a stick on the highway.
0	This process get can be very annoying and unsafe when you are driving a stick shift on along the highway.
1	The lens retracts and has its own metal cover so you don't need to fuss with a lens cap.
1	The lens retracts and has need its metal cover so you don't own to fuss with a lens cap.
1	The lens retracts and has its own metal track so you don't pauperism to fuss with a Lens cap.
0	all i have to say is that i did freeze on me once , but it has n't done it since . 
0	all i have to equal say is that i enounce did freeze on me once , but it has n't done it since . 
0	all i to is that did freeze on me once , but it has n't it since . 
0	Booting up my computer took forever!!!
0	Booting up my calculator took forever!!!
0	Booting up my computer everlastingly took forever!!!
1	SIMPLE AND IT WORKS!
1	SIMPLE AND IT!
1	SIMPLE AND IT process WORKS!
0	the ad-1600 did n't work corectly from the start and the ad-1220 lasted about a week and a half before it started to act up . 
0	the ad-1600 did n't lick corectly from the get and the ad-1220 go about a week and a half before it begin to move up . 
0	the ad-1220 did n't the corectly from work start and the up lasted about a week and a half before it started to act ad-1600 . 
1	The hardcase they give with it must work well.  
1	The hardcase they commit with it must work well.  
1	The they hardcase give with it must work well.  
1	 Kudos Apple - though your products are of superb quality , your support is equal to that .
1	 apple Kudos Apple - though apple your products are of superb quality , your support is equal to that .
1	 Kudos Apple - though your products are of brilliant quality , your digest is compeer to that .
0	they are not wowable good . 
0	they are personify not wowable good . 
0	they not wowable good . 
1	Other than that it meets or surpasses all of my needs and surely won't disappoint any already established Nokia phone fans.
1	Other than that fans meets or surpasses all needs my of and surely won't disappoint any already established Nokia phone it.
1	fan Other than that it surgery meets or surpasses all of my needs and surely won't disappoint any already established Nokia phone fans.
1	The optical and digital zooms combine to give an effective 4x zoom.
1	The optical and digital zooms immix to have an effective 4x zoom.
1	The optical and digital zooms combine to give an AN effective 4x zoom.
1	I've had this player for more than 4 months and I'm very happy with it. 
1	I've player more than 4 months and I'm very happy with it. 
1	I've had this player for more than 4 and months I'm very with happy it. 
1	If I could, I'd trade-up on my Creative Muvo2 and snag a Zen Micro tomorrow.  
1	If I could, I'd trade-up on my Creative Muvo2 and originative snag a Zen along Micro tomorrow.  
1	If I I'd, could trade-up on my Creative Muvo2 Micro snag a Zen and tomorrow.  
1	3. Play Java games on it.
1	3. Play Java games it.
1	3. Play Java games on ternary it.
1	 It is a wonderful little router .
1	 It is a wonderful piffling little router .
1	 It a wonderful little router .
0	I gave up and got a diaper Dekor.
0	a gave up and got I diaper Dekor.
0	I make up and got a diaper Dekor.
1	yes , the features are numerous . 
1	constitute yes , the features are numerous . 
1	the , yes features are numerous . 
0	The auto-focus on the camera seems to have trouble focusing on the subject.
0	The the camera seems to have trouble focusing on the subject.
0	The auto-focus the the camera seems to have trouble focusing on on subject.
1	However, if there was one thing I liked about the creative, it would be the car adapter. 
1	However, creative there was one thing I liked about the if, be would it the car adapter. 
1	unmatchable However, if there originative was one thing I liked about the creative, it would be the car adapter. 
1	 This product is definitely worth the purchase .
1	 This merchandise is definitely worth the purchase .
1	 This product the definitely worth is purchase .
1	All the good reviews for the SD500 are true. 
1	All the good reviews for truthful the SD500 are true. 
1	All the goodness reviews for the SD500 are true. 
0	The downside being that the Tivo can only connect at 802.11b speeds and not 802.11g. 
0	The downside being that the Tivo can only link at 802.11b amphetamine and not 802.11g. 
0	The downside being the Tivo only connect 802.11b speeds and not 802.11g. 
0	 It is also a bit bigger than expected but that 's OK because all I need is something to work with my iphone .
0	 It is also a bit bigger than expected fine but that 's OK because all I need is something to work with my just iphone .
0	 It is also a bit bigger than expected but 's OK because all need something to work with iphone .
1	 Features: click wheel to navigate; ability to work with Windows or Mac; optional backlighting (you can have it on all the time, or have it shut off to save battery power after 5, 10, or 20 seconds); ability to download PDA info; automatic or manual download from iTunes when iPod is plugged into your computer. 
1	 instant Features: click wheel to IT navigate; ability to estimator work with Windows or Mac; optional backlighting (you can have lineament it on all the time, or have it shut off estimator to save battery power after 5, 10, or 20 seconds); ability to download PDA info; window automatic or manual download from iTunes when iPod is plugged into your computer. 
1	 Features: Mac wheel to navigate; ability to seconds with Windows or click; optional backlighting (you can have it iPod all the time, battery have it shut off to from or power after 5, 10, into 20 work); ability to download PDA info; automatic or manual download save iTunes when on is plugged or your computer. 
1	I upgraded from an older 801.11b router to the Linksys WRT54G for its improved security, and of course, speed. 
1	I upgraded from an sometime 801.11b router to the Linksys WRT54G for its improved surety, and of feed, upper. 
1	I upgraded from an older 801.11b router to the Linksys WRT54G security improved its for, and of course, speed. 
1	 I didnt want one in which I would have to put in batteries myself -LRB- that is a pain -RRB- I did alot of research and read a bunch of reviews and im glad I purchased these speakers .
1	 I didnt want one in a I would have to a in batteries myself -LRB- that is which pain -RRB- I did alot of research and purchased put bunch I reviews and im glad of read these speakers .
1	 I didnt want one in which I would put in batteries myself -LRB- that a pain -RRB- I did alot research and a bunch of im glad I purchased these speakers .
1	 it sounds great out on the patio or on my night stand .
1	 it sounds great out on the patio or on my Night pedestal .
1	 it along sounds great out on the patio or on my night stand .
0	 Due to the lack of support for WHS \/ UPNP \/ Guestnetwork , and having just dropped the bones for this router , I was very unimpressed .
0	 Due to the very of support for WHS \/ I \/ UPNP , and having just dropped the bones for this router , Guestnetwork was lack unimpressed .
0	 imputable to the lack of endure for WHS \/ UPNP \/ Guestnetwork , and having just overleap the bones for this router , single was very unimpressed .
0	the volume level of the phone is not all that good . 
0	the volume level of not phone is the all that good . 
0	the volume flat of the phone is not all that estimable . 
1	It's oval and... nice.
1	It's oval and... elliptical nice.
1	It's and oval... nice.
1	everything else about the camera is great . 
1	is else about the camera everything great . 
1	everything else about the camera is capital . 
1	the build quality feels solid , it does n't shake or whine while playing discs , and the picture and sound is top notch ( both dts and dd5.1 sound good ) . 
1	the build quality spirit solid , it does n't shake or yammer while playing discs , and the depict and sound is top notch ( both dts and dd5.1 vocalize upright ) . 
1	the is quality feels solid , it and n't and or whine while playing discs , and the picture shake sound build top notch ( both dts does dd5.1 sound good ) . 
1	  20 GB OR 40 GB?  The pros of the 40 GB: Comes with a "dock station" and double storage space (10,000 songs).
1	  20 GiB OR 40 GB?  The pros of the twoscore GB: Comes with a "dock station" and forked storage space (10,000 birdcall).
1	  20 GB OR 40 GB?  The of the 40 GB: a "dock station" and double storage (10,000 songs).
0	If you currently own the 2003 version, and are looking to upgrade to the 2004 version, don't.
0	If you currently own the 2003 reading, and are calculate to upgrade to the 2004 adaptation, don't.
0	If you raise currently own the 2003 version, and are looking to upgrade to the presently 2004 version, don't.
1	its silver magnesium finish is stunning , and the sharp lines and excellent grip are better than any other camera i 've seen . 
1	its silver lines finish is any , and the sharp magnesium and excellent grip are better than stunning other camera i 've seen . 
1	its silver magnesium stunning , and sharp lines and excellent grip are better than any camera i 've seen . 
0	i am annoyed that the player 's not automatically recognized as a hard drive . 
0	i am annoyed that the player 's automatically recognized as hard drive . 
0	i am annoyed that the player 's not automatically recognized as a punishing force . 
1	One of my favorite features about the player is its ability to sync to Windows Media Player. 
1	One of favorite about player is its ability to sync to Windows Media Player. 
1	One of my favorite features about the IT player is its ability nonpareil to sync to Windows Media Player. 
1	i am very pleased with this product and the price to match and have n't had any problems . 
1	am pleased with product and the price to match and have n't had any problems . 
1	i am make very pleased with this product and the price to match and rattling have n't had any problems . 
1	i 'm not one who uses web browsing , so this phone easily met and surpassed my needs . 
1	i 'm not one who WHO uses web browsing , so this phone easily met and outdo surpassed my needs . 
1	i 'm not one who use web browsing , so this phone easily meet and surpassed my indigence . 
1	this is my second creative labs mp3 player , and it is definitely a fine product . 
1	this is my bit creative labs mp3 actor , and it is definitely a fine production . 
1	this is my second creative labs mp3 player , IT and it is definitely a histrion fine product . 
0	one little minor flaw with this camera is that the lens is visible in the viewfinder , but does not detract from the image at all . 
0	one little minor flaw this is that the is visible in the viewfinder , does not detract the image at all . 
0	unity picayune fry blemish with this camera is that the lens is visible in the viewfinder , but does not detract from the see at all . 
1	this phone is a winner ... 
1	this phone is winner a ... 
1	this exist phone is a winner ... 
1	This is a quality product, not to be confused with teh cheap junk that Hitachi gets manufactured in China.
1	This confused a quality is, not to be product with teh cheap junk that Hitachi gets manufactured in China.
1	This is a quality product, not to be confused with cheap that Hitachi manufactured in China.
1	 Very good value for the money .
1	 Very good value skillful for the money .
1	 Very good value for money the .
0	creative zen feedback suffers from construction quality , poor product support , difficulty of using the scroll wheel and reasonably consistent feedback about problems with the headphone jack . 
0	creative zen feedback suffers from construction quality , poor curlicue product support , difficulty of using the pitiful scroll wheel and reasonably originative consistent feedback about problems with the headphone jack . 
0	creative feedback suffers from quality , poor product , difficulty using the scroll wheel reasonably consistent feedback about problems with the headphone jack . 
1	 I bought this monitor from computer direct a couple months ago , and I have been very satisfied with it so far .
1	 one bought this monitor from computer address a couple months ago , and iodine have been very quenched with it so far .
1	 I bought this monitor computer direct a couple , and I have been very satisfied with it so .
0	 Its annoying when you pay $ 100 + for a router and it does n't work as it is supposed straight out of the box !
0	 Its annoying when you pay $ 100 + for a router and nark it does n't suppose work as it is supposed straight out of the box !
0	 Its annoying when you pay $ 100 + for a router it does n't work as is out of the box !
0	I then realized a major design flaw.
0	I then a major design flaw.
0	iodin then realized a major design flaw.
0	we have had this product for over a month and yesterday it stopped working . 
0	we have had this product for over lick a month and yesterday it stopped working . 
0	we have had this product stopped over a month and yesterday it for working . 
1	the mms technology is very well integrated with this phone , which you will enjoy . 
1	the mms technology is very well integrated with this phone , you will . 
1	the mms technology is very well integrated with this phone , which you will mm enjoy . 
1	those used to 35mm cameras will find the g3 very comfortable and friendly to use . 
1	those practice to 35mm cameras will determine the g3 very comfortable and friendly to function . 
1	those 35mm to used cameras will find the g3 very comfortable and friendly use to . 
1	 This setup worked perfectly the first shot at it .
1	 setup worked perfectly the first shot at it .
1	 This setup first perfectly the worked shot at it .
0	If you experience problems with installation, you can visit symantec's website, click the support tab, click the 'home or home office support' and there is an automated support assistant that can scan the Norton program files on your computer and it will tell you what is not working right and how to fix it.
0	visit you experience problems with installation, that can If symantec's website, click the support tab, click the 'home or home office on and there you an automated support assistant you can scan the Norton program files support' what computer and it will tell is your is not working right and how to fix it.
0	If experience problems installation, you can symantec's website, the tab, click the 'home or home office support' and there is an automated support that scan the Norton program files on your computer and it will tell you what is not working right and to.
0	 The hard drive I had attached to the USB port was sometimes accessible , sometimes not .
0	 The hard sometimes USB had attached to the I port was drive accessible , sometimes not .
0	 The hard drive I had single attached to bingle the USB port was sometimes accessible , sometimes not .
0	 BATTERY: Compared to the other players on the market, the iPod has one of the worst batteries around.
0	 BATTERY: Compared to the other players on the market, the iPod has one of roughly the worst equate batteries around.
0	 shelling: Compared to the other players on the market, the iPod has i of the defective batteries around.
1	The player looks great, feels great, and sounds great. 
1	The player great, feels great, and sounds great. 
1	The player flavour great, feels great, and sounds great. 
0	If you think you are saving $40 getting the Hitachi, you are right, and you are also getting a router worth $40 less than a Makita.
0	If you think you less worth $40 getting the Hitachi, you are right, and you are also getting a router saving $40 are than a Makita.
0	If you think you are redeeming $40 become the Hitachi, you are rectify, and you are likewise mother a router worth $40 less than a Makita.
1	I purchased the Elph s100 mainly because I thought it was cool.
1	I purchased the Elph s100 mainly I it was cool.
1	ane purchased the Elph s100 mainly because ane thought it was cool.
0	2 ) scroll button / switch 
0	2 ) roll button / switch 
0	2 ) switch button / scroll 
0	HOWEVER after just one month my headphone jack was BROKEN as a result of normal, every-day use.  
0	HOWEVER after just one month my headphone jack was use as normal result of a, every-day BROKEN.  
0	HOWEVER after just one month headphone jack was BROKEN as a normal, every-day use.  
0	but the major problem i had was with the software . 
0	but the problem i had with the software . 
0	but the major problem i had was with iodine the software . 
1	On the T-Mobile service I was able to take pics as we drove across I-70 and email them to family & friends once we reached a T-Mobile tzone (usually a major city).
1	On able T-Mobile service I was the to take pics I-70 we drove across as and usually them to family & friends once we reached a T-Mobile tzone (email a major city).
1	On the T-Mobile service I was able to take pics as home we drove across I-70 and email them to family & friends once we reached Service a T-Mobile tzone (usually a netmail major city).
1	the dvd player is fine . 
1	the dvd player is . 
1	fine dvd player is the . 
0	i have ice age and it keeps telling me no disc . 
0	i have ice age and it keeps telling me no record disc . 
0	i have deoxyephedrine geezerhood and it keeps telling me no disc . 
1	Two: it has a removeable/rechargeable battery, so you don't have to send the thing in when the re!
1	ii: it has a removeable/rechargeable bombardment, so you don't have to direct the thing in when the re!
1	Two: it has a removeable/rechargeable battery, so you don't have to send the possess thing in place when the re!
0	The best thing to do with this version, is to leave it on the store shelf. It doesn't work, and will cost you an enormous amount of your time, not to mention your hard earned dollars.
0	The best thing to do AN with store this version, is to leave it on the store shelf. non It doesn't work, and will cost you an enormous amount of storehouse your time, not to mention your hard earned dollars.
0	thing to with this version, is to leave it on store shelf. It doesn't work, and will cost an enormous amount of your time, not your hard earned dollars.
1	 It was easy to install all of the components and directions were easy to understand , even for an old guy like me .
1	 It was easy to install all of the components and directions were easy to understand , live even for an old guy AN like me .
1	 It was easy to install all of an components and directions were understand to easy , even for the old guy like me .
0	Once a depth is locked, it will jump off a little while working.
0	Once a depth while locked, it will jump off a little is working.
0	Once a depth is locked, it will off a little working.
1	This is truly a Clydesdale among the industry 3HP+ router workhorses.
1	This is truly a Clydesdale among the industry A 3HP+ router workhorses.
1	This is sincerely a Clydesdale among the diligence 3HP+ router workhorses.
0	i 've tried leaving questions on their site never to have them answered . 
0	i 've tried leaving questions their site to have them answered . 
0	i 've judge going questions on their site never to have them answered . 
0	Other cameras taking pics of the same subjects turn out looking much better.
0	Other cameras taking of the subjects turn out looking much better.
0	Other cameras taking pics better the same subjects turn out looking much of.
1	 The sounds were as the movie directors intended .
1	 The sounds were as the film directors intended .
1	 The conductor sounds were as the movie directors intended .
1	for the price it is a well spent investment ! 
1	for the price it is a well investment ! 
1	for the spent it is a well price investment ! 
1	Well, I have an Ipod mini - and I really like it, but all in all, I like the Zen Micro more.
1	Well, have an Ipod mini - and I really, but all in all, like the Zen Micro more.
1	Well, I have an single Ipod mini - and I really like it, but all in all, I like AN the Zen Micro more.
1	Smaller size, 1 gb of more space, radio, voice recording, removable battery, cooler look, all in one.  
1	Smaller size, 1 gb of enter more space, radio, voice More recording, removable battery, cooler look, all in one.  
1	Smaller size, cooler gb of more look, radio, voice recording, removable battery, 1 space, all in one.  
1	 Lastly , I feel that the speakers were over priced for what I got -LRB- unless there is some inherent benefit in the Bose label that I do n't know of -RRB- .
1	 Lastly , I that the speakers were over priced for got -LRB- unless there is some benefit in the label that I do know of -RRB- .
1	 Lastly , one spirit that the speakers were over priced for what one drive -LRB- unless there is some constitutional benefit in the Bose tag that I do n't know of -RRB- .
0	Mine generally requires a charege every 48 hours or so and I don't really talk on it that much.
0	Mine generally requires a charege every forty-eight hours or so and unity don't really lecture on it that much.
0	Mine a requires generally charege I 48 hours or so and every don't really talk on it that much.
1	but i 've already emailed creative tech support about it , and gotten timely responses - they will fix it for me if necessary .. . 
1	but i 'necessary already emailed creative tech support about it , and gotten timely responses - will they fix it for me if ve .. . 
1	but 've already emailed creative tech about it , gotten timely responses - they will fix it for me necessary .. . 
0	What dissapointes me the most that a software like that  is not cheap gets zero support form symantec, if you want support, they'll charge you a Fee!
0	What dissapointes is the form that a software like that  zero not cheap gets me support most symantec, if you want support, they'll charge you a Fee!
0	What dissapointes me the most a software like that  is not cheap support form symantec, if you, they'll charge you a Fee!
0	The only way my pc internet works is if I open the Firewall Program configuration and manually refresh it.
0	The only way configuration pc internet works is if I open my Firewall Program the and manually refresh it.
0	The only way my pc works is if I open the Firewall configuration manually refresh it.
1	I love the camera.
1	I enjoy the camera.
1	I the love camera.
0	The touch pad does take a little getting used to. 
0	The touch pad does take little a getting used to. 
0	The touch pad does lease a little obtain used to. 
1	I'd be happy to talk to anyone about this camera. 
1	I'd be well-chosen to blab to anyone about this camera. 
1	I'd be happy nearly to talk to anyone about this camera. 
1	The main advantage of this system over its predecessor is the ability to open a wider pipeline between clients. 
1	The main reward of this system over its predecessor is the ability to capable a encompassing pipeline between clients. 
1	this main advantage of The system over its predecessor is the ability to between a wider pipeline open clients. 
1	 Would definatley recommend to a friend and its volume can fill a small house for such a small speaker system .
1	 Would definatley recommend to a friend and its volume can fill a small commend house for such IT a small speaker system .
1	 Would definatley recommend to a friend and its volume can fill a pocket-sized family for such a small-scale speaker scheme .
1	retraction : said mine had silver plate : it does have display . 
1	retraction : said mine had silver plate : it birth does have display . 
1	retraction : said had silver plate : it does display . 
1	the scroll wheel is easy to use and works great for me , however many have complained that the wheel is cumbersome and difficult to operate . 
1	the scroll wheel is yet easy to use and works comprise great for me , however many have complained that the wheel is cumbersome and cost difficult to operate . 
1	the scroll wheel is easy complained use the works great for me , however many to have that and wheel is cumbersome and difficult to operate . 
0	however , the calls constantly drop in my area and i experince mega-static , to the point where i 'd have to dial numbers 6-7 times to get a clear line . 
0	however , the calls constantly drop in my area and i experince mega-static , to the point where i 'perplex d have to expanse dial numbers 6-7 times to get song a clear line . 
0	however , calls constantly drop in area i experince mega-static , to the point where i 'd have dial numbers 6-7 to get a clear line . 
0	The hole to put the diaper in needs to be larger as I am now using medium diapers (I have a 3 month old) and they're on the brink of being too large to fit no matter how compact I make then and how un-soiled they are.
0	The hole to put the medium in needs to be as larger I am now the diaper diapers (I have a 3 month on) and they're old using brink of being too large are fit no matter how compact I make then and how un-soiled they to.
0	The hole to put the diaper in needs to be larger as am now using medium (I have a 3 month old) and they're on brink of being too large no how compact make then and how un-soiled.
0	And, other else,  the camera is still VGA.
0	, other else,  the camera is still VGA.
0	And, however other else,  the camera is still VGA.
1	im a more happier person after discovering the i/p button ! 
1	a more person after discovering the i/p button ! 
1	im a more glad person after describe the i/p button ! 
0	 I wished that they could make the volumn a little bit louder .
0	 I wished that could make the volumn a little bit .
0	 I wished that they could bit the volumn a little make louder .
1	because this camera is beautiful . 
1	because this camera is . 
1	because this camera is beautiful . 
1	unlike some of the other people who received a " lemon " , my dvd player came in perfect working condition . 
1	unlike some of the other people who received a " " , my player came in perfect condition . 
1	unlike some of the other my who received people " lemon " , a dvd player came in perfect working condition . 
0	the one other thing i observed while i had the nomad is that the front cover , which is taken off to have access to the battery , seemed to come undone very easily . 
0	one other i observed i had the nomad is the cover , which is taken off to have access to the battery , seemed to come very easily . 
0	easily one other thing i observed while i battery the to is that the front cover , which is taken off to have access nomad the had , seemed to come undone very the . 
1	it is an extremely cool gizmo . 
1	IT it is an extremely cool gizmo . 
1	it is an extremely cool . 
1	The product has worked perfectly for me on my XP.
1	The product has form dead for me on my XP.
1	The product has worked XP for me on my perfectly.
1	navigating through the menus is super easy , especially if you have owned a previous model nokia phone . 
1	navigating through the menus is super soft , specially if you have own a previous model nokia phone . 
1	navigating through the menus super easy , especially have owned a previous model nokia phone . 
1	I would highly recommend that you do this if you want to learn something, but if you are not interested in learning this stuff and just want a working wireless router, just get the WRT54G.     
1	I would highly that you this you want to learn something, but if are not interested learning stuff and just a working wireless router, just get the WRT54G.     
1	recommend I highly would that want do this if you you to learn something, but if you are not interested in get this stuff and just want a working wireless router, just learning the WRT54G.     
0	2 ) no games - it has a cool screen - why not use it . 
0	2 ) no games - it has cool - why not use it . 
0	two ) no games - it has a cool covert - why not use it . 
1	 I still give the iPod five stars, though, as it could have been something I did incorrectly during the install (though I did follow the onscreen prompts) so I'll give Apple the benefit of the doubt.
1	 iodin nonetheless render the iPod quintet stars, though, as it could have been something I did incorrectly during the install (though I did trace the onscreen incite) so I'll apply Apple the benefit of the doubt.
1	 I still give the so have though, though, as it could follow been something I did incorrectly during the install (stars I did five the onscreen prompts) iPod I'll give Apple the benefit of the doubt.
1	This program enables the user to batch convert and convert audio files from one format to another. 
1	This broadcast enables the user to raft convert and convert audio files from i format to another. 
1	This program enables the user to convert convert audio files from one format to. 
1	the cd ripping to mp3 is so easy , and you can even rip the cd directly to the mp3 player , so it wo n't take up space on your pc hard drive . 
1	immediately the cd ripping to mp3 is so easy , and you can even rip the cd directly to the mp3 player , so it wo n't commode take up candle space on your pc hard drive . 
1	the cd to mp3 is so easy , and you can even rip the directly to mp3 player , wo n't take up space your pc hard drive . 
1	The good news is that the creative support is very responsive and after some emails and postal exchanges, i had a new zen.  
1	is good news The that the creative is support very responsive and after some emails and postal exchanges, i had a new zen.  
1	equal The good news is that the creative support is very responsive and after some emails and postal exchanges, i originative had a new zen.  
1	I will also say that setting up the e-mail account was very simple and straight-forward, although you do need an external SMTP server to use.
1	I will also say that setting up the e-mail account was employment very simple and straight-forward, although you do international need an external AN SMTP server to use.
1	I will also enjoin that arrange up the e-mail account was very simple-minded and straight-forward, although you do need an extraneous SMTP server to role.
1	The touch buttons are textured so that your finger sdon't slip which was very thoughtful.   
1	The buttons are so that finger sdon't slip which was very thoughtful.   
1	The touch buttons are textured so that your finger dislocate sdon't slip which was luxate very thoughtful.   
0	The fine adustment knob which came with the router was very difficult to use on a router table.
0	The very was knob which came with the router adustment fine difficult to use on a router table.
0	The exquisitely adustment knob which arrive with the router was very unmanageable to use on a router table.
1	it 's running great for all the dvds i have and rented . 
1	it 's carry gravid for all the dvds i have and rented . 
1	it 's running rent great for all the dvds i have and rented . 
1	- the replacable battery is great since once it eventually wears out ( as all lithium batteries do ) , you will be able to buy another easily . 
1	- the replacable battery is it since once great eventually wears batteries ( as all lithium out do ) , you will be able to buy another easily . 
1	- the replacable battery is neat since once it finally assume out ( as all lithium battery do ) , you will be able to buy another easily . 
1	No need for deodorizers.
1	need for deodorizers.
1	No pauperization for deodorizers.
1	At first I had a problem with some smell, then I realized if you flip the lid back and always keep the same side facing in - then there is no smell at all!
1	At first I had a problem with some smell, then I actualise if you twitch the lid spine and always support the same incline facing in - then there is no odour at all!
1	At some I had a at with first smell, then I realized if you flip the lid back and always keep the same smell facing in - then there is no side problem all!
1	i purchased this phone for just 50 $ and there is no end to what i can do with it . 
1	i purchased this phone for just only 50 $ and there is no end to iodine what i can do with it . 
1	i purchased this telephone for just fifty $ and there is no death to what i can do with it . 
0	It DOES take some getting used to. 
0	It DOES used some getting take to. 
0	It DOES fill some getting used to. 
1	I have to say that I am very happy with it so far.
1	I have to say IT that I am very happy with it so far.
1	that have to say I I am very happy with it so far.
0	had there been strange noises , or obvious defects , i would have accepted a replacement , but this is clearly from a defective and inferior operating system and i for one do not intend on waiting for patches . 
0	had there been strange noises , patches is defects , i would have accepted a replacement , but this obvious clearly from a defective and inferior operating system and i not one do for or on waiting for intend . 
0	there been strange noises , or obvious defects , would have a replacement , but this is clearly from and operating system and i one do not intend on waiting for patches . 
1	You just can't go wrong with this one!
1	You just can't decease wrong with this one!
1	amiss You just can't go wrong with this one!
1	i did buy the notmad software a week ago and found that a vast improvement . 
1	i did buy the notmad single software a week ago and found that a vast A improvement . 
1	i did buy the notmad software a hebdomad ago and found that a Brobdingnagian melioration . 
0	 It 's a fun little gadget , do n't expect high definition sound .
0	 It 's fun little gadget , n't expect high definition sound .
0	 It 's a fun little gadget , do n't expect contrivance high definition sound .
0	 When the screen was n't contracting or glitching the overall picture quality was poor to fair .
0	 When the screen was cost n't contracting or visualize glitching the overall picture quality was poor to fair .
0	 When the screen was contracting or glitching the overall picture quality to fair .
0	i gave it only 3 stars due to the fact that the 1st one broke when i dropped it from a fairly short distance ( less than 2 ft ) . 
0	i gave it only 3 stars due i distance fact that the 1st one broke when to dropped it from a fairly the short ( less than 2 ft ) . 
0	i yield it only triad principal due to the fact that the 1st one transgress when i spend it from a fairly short distance ( less than 2 ft ) . 
0	 I deducted a star because , when I put my iPod and iPad on full volume , the speaker 's bass began to completely ruin the sound .
0	 I deducted a star because , when I put my iPod and on volume , speaker 's began completely ruin the sound .
0	 I deducted bass star because , when to put my s and iPad on full volume , the speaker 'iPod a began I completely ruin the sound .
1	It works better and has more useful features than NIS 2003.
1	It lick proficient and has more useful features than NIS 2003.
1	It works better and honest has more useful features than NIS 2003.
1	 The colors are clear , also .
1	 are colors The clear , also .
1	 The colors clear , also .
1	The macro mode works well, although it takes some practice since the camera doesn't clearly indicate when it can't focus.
1	The macro mode works, although it takes practice since camera clearly indicate when it can't focus.
1	The macro mode works some, clearly it takes well practice since the camera doesn't although indicate when it can't focus.
1	easy to use , small form factor , and looks good to boot . 
1	to easy use , small form factor , and looks good to boot . 
1	easy to use , small form factor , and looks good to skillful boot . 
1	But it takes gorgeous pictures for a 2.1 MP camera.
1	But it drive gorgeous exposure for a 2.1 MP camera.
1	But it pictures for a 2.1 MP camera.
0	What I dont like: Nothing much except Headphones, Belt clip design. 
0	What I dont demur like: Nothing much except Headphones, Belt clip design. 
0	What I dont like: Nothing often except Headphones, smash clip design. 
0	Most of us just want to plug and play, not spend a year navigating a maze of complicated options...like transfering everything on a hard drive to this stupid thing.
0	Most us want to plug and play, not spend a year a maze of complicated...like transfering everything on a hard drive stupid thing.
0	nearly of uracil just want to stopper and trifle, not spend a year navigating a maze of complicated options...care transfering everything on a hard parkway to this stupid thing.
0	the front cover can pop off easily but i always have mine in the case so i did n't notice after first day . 
0	the front covert can pop off easily but i ever have mine in the fount so i did n't notice after start day . 
0	the front cover can pop off easily but have mine in the so i did n't notice after first . 
1	But from my experience, by the time it gets to that point, the bag is really heavy, so I think this is kind of helpful- it's a built-in way of keeping the bag manageable upon emptying.
1	But from my experience, by the time it gets to that point, the bag is really remember heavy, operose so I think this is kind of base helpful- it's a built-in way of keeping think the bag manageable upon emptying.
1	simply from my experience, by the time it gravel to that signal, the grip is really heavily, so I imagine this is kind of helpful- it's a built-in way of guardianship the bag manageable upon emptying.
1	good quality video . 
1	quality good video . 
1	salutary quality video . 
1	This is really a no brainer. 
1	This is rattling a no brainer. 
1	This cost is really a no brainer. 
0	i immediately had problems getting the player to recognize two of my favorite dvds . 
0	i immediately had problems getting the player to recognize single two of my favorite dvds . 
0	i immediately problems getting the player to recognize of my favorite dvds . 
1	I HAVE NEVER HAD AN ODOR PROBLEM!
1	I HAVE NEVER ODOR AN HAD PROBLEM!
1	I HAVE NEVER HAD AN PROBLEM!
1	the menus and features are easy to manipulate and access , and it takes silent movies . 
1	the menus and features are access to manipulate movies easy , and it takes silent and . 
1	the menus and features menu are easy to comprise manipulate and access , and it takes silent movies . 
1	I'm in high school, and this camera is perfect for what I use it for, carrying it around in my pocket so I can take pictures whenever I want to, of my friends and of funny things that happen.
1	I'm in high school, and this camera is thoroughgoing for what I apply it for, carrying it around in my pocket so I can assume figure whenever I deficiency to, of my friends and of suspicious things that bechance.
1	in high school, and this camera perfect for what I use it for, carrying it around in my so I can take pictures I want to, my friends and of funny that.
0	That is, you cannot access the internet at all.  
0	That is, you cannot all the internet at access.  
0	That is, you cannot access represent the internet at all.  
1	 I have seen no dead pixels or color bleeding that I 've heard about with other ACER models
1	 I have seen no dead pixels or color bleeding coloration that leech I 've heard about with other ACER models
1	 I have envision no dead pixels or color bleeding that I 've hear about with other ACER poser
1	 These issues aside, the iPod is kind of like the cell phone in that once you have one, you can't be without one.
1	 issues aside, the iPod is kind of the phone that once you have one, you can't be without one.
1	 These issues telephone aside, the iPod is kind of like the cell phone in that once you have one, you can't be without offspring one.
1	 These speakers are great .
1	 These speakers are gravid .
1	 enceinte These speakers are great .
1	it is a great phone , if you are traveling all over the world , packed with wonderful features . 
1	it is a great headphone , if you are traveling all over the public , packed with marvelous features . 
1	it a great phone , if you are all over the world , packed with features . 
1	it comes with a good case that fits it snuggly . 
1	a comes with it good case that fits it snuggly . 
1	IT it comes with a good case that fits it snuggly . 
0	unfortunately , the player would not read any of my region one dvds. even though they were not damaged in any way . 
0	unfortunately , the player would not say any of my region unitary videodisk. tied though they were not damaged in any way . 
0	inch unfortunately , the player realm would not read any of my region one dvds. even though they were not damaged in any way . 
1	it takes great pictures . 
1	it contain great pictures . 
1	takes it great pictures . 
0	DO NOT BUY ANY HOME VERSION OF NORTON ANYTHING.
0	DO NOT BUY ANY HOME interpretation OF NORTON ANYTHING.
0	NOT BUY ANY HOME VERSION OF NORTON ANYTHING.
0	I tried disabling the various components provided with this product, paring it all the way back to anti-virus only service... and saw no improvement.
0	I time-tested incapacitate the respective components provided with this product, paring it all the way back to anti-virus only help... and saw no improvement.
0	I tried disabling the provide various components offer provided with this product, paring it all the way back to anti-virus only service... and saw no improvement.
1	 Overall I am very satisfied with this product and will be using it often .
1	 Overall I am very satisfied with this product and will be victimisation it ofttimes .
1	 Overall I am very satisfied with this product and will be using IT it often .
0	when i tried to install the second dvd player in my brothers house , that one didn " t work either ! 
0	when i tested to install the 2d dvd player in my brothers house , that one didn " t knead either ! 
0	when work tried to install the second dvd player that my brothers house , in one didn " t i either ! 
0	Unfortunately, the touch-pad issues [non-intuitive] and poor instruction guide killed it. 
0	Unfortunately, the touch-pad issues [non-intuitive] and poor instruction guide education killed it. 
0	Unfortunately, the touch-pad egress [non-intuitive] and poor instruction template killed it. 
1	However, the Ipod does not come close to the number of extra features that the 'Zen Micro' has to offer.   
1	However, the Ipod does not ejaculate penny-pinching to the number of duplicate have that the 'Zen Micro' has to offer.   
1	However, the Ipod does not come features to the number of has close that the 'Zen Micro' extra to offer.   
1	 I do n't want to be a sensationalist but this computer is incredible .
1	 be do n't want to I a sensationalist but this computer is incredible .
1	 i do n't lack to be a sensationalist but this computer is incredible .
1	( he had owned two apex dvd players , and was pleased with both of them . ) 
1	( he had pleased two apex dvd players , and was owned with both of them . ) 
1	( he had own two vertex dvd players , and was pleased with both of them . ) 
1	 You can stop looking : This is the best n-router you will find today -LRB- I am writing this on 03 Nov 2011 -RRB- .
1	 You can stop on : This is the best n-router you will find 2011 -LRB- I am writing this looking 03 today Nov -RRB- .
1	 You stop looking : This the best n-router you will find -LRB- I am writing this on 03 Nov 2011 - .
1	range of functions - as indicated above - it has something for everyone : point and shoot power plus advanced functions for those who are serious about photography . 
1	rove of purpose - as indicated above - it has something for everyone : point and scud power plus innovative role for those who are serious about photography . 
1	range of functions - as indicated above - it has embody something for everyone : point and shoot power plus be advanced functions for those WHO who are serious about photography . 
1	i 've had no problems at all so far and i 'm very happy . 
1	i 've had no at all so far and i 'm very . 
1	i 've had no Interahamwe problems at all so far and i 'm very happy . 
1	 I paired this very easily to two different Android phones .
1	 dissimilar I paired this very easily to two different Android phones .
1	 I paired this very easily to two different humanoid ring .
1	I love this phone.
1	I love phone this.
1	I love this earphone.
1	The I-Pod is the best thing I have ever used. 
1	exist The I-Pod is the best thing I have ever used. 
1	The I-Pod is the effective thing ace have ever used. 
0	the player 's mechanics are also flawed . 
0	the 's mechanics are also flawed . 
0	the player 's are mechanics also flawed . 
1	longer battery life , greater accessibility to online music services , and pc compatibility are the sensibilities . 
1	longer battery life , greater accessibility to online music services , are the sensibilities . 
1	longer battery life , sensibilities accessibility to online music services , and pc greater are the compatibility . 
0	Verdict:  Had I not needed something with a tad bit more space, I consider this player fair game. 
0	Verdict:  Had I not needed something with a tad bit more blank, single believe this player fair game. 
0	:  Had I not needed something with a tad bit space, I consider this fair game. 
1	Long live Apple, long live Macs, and long live the Ipod!     
1	Long recollective live Apple, long live Macs, and long live the Ipod!     
1	Long live live, long Apple Macs, and long live the Ipod!     
1	It doesn't stink, ever (like some have assumed since it doesn't wrap each diaper into its own neat little cocoon).
1	own doesn't stink, ever (like some neat assumed since it doesn't wrap each It into its diaper have little cocoon).
1	It doesn't stink, ever (corresponding some have bear since it doesn't wrap each diaper into its own straight short cocoon).
1	It's really well made and has survived sliding across floors and pavement without a scratch.
1	shock It's really well made and has survived live sliding across floors and pavement without a scratch.
1	It's really well work and has survived slew across floors and pavement without a expunge.
1	All in all, this is a wonderful device.  
1	is in all, this All a wonderful device.  
1	All in all, this is a terrific device.  
0	games kind of stink and you cant download them you have to get the link cable to get additional games . 
0	games kind of variety stink and you cant download them you have to get the link extra cable to get additional games . 
0	games of stink and you cant download them you to get the link to get games . 
1	i found it intuitive to use ( i did n't read any documentation for it and was using it successfully within a few minutes ) . 
1	and found it intuitive to use ( using did n't read any documentation for it i was i it successfully within a few minutes ) . 
1	i detect it intuitive to utilise ( i did n't translate any documentation for it and was using it successfully within a few bit ) . 
0	i must have heard this about a dozen times over the span of 2 weeks , when t-zones never worked . 
0	must have heard this about a dozen times over the span of 2 , when t-zones never . 
0	i must have learn this about a xii times over the span of deuce weeks , when t-zones never worked . 
1	another point of note : the battery life is incredible ! 
1	point another of note : the battery life is incredible ! 
1	another level point of note : the battery life is incredible ! 
0	Among its weak points is the MMC slot location and a bit vague design.
0	Among its rickety place is the MMC slot location and a bit vague design.
0	location its weak points is the MMC slot Among and a bit vague design.
0	 *The ipod is overly sensitive to just about everything and gets scratched easily. 
0	 *The ipod is overly sensitive to just about everything and grow chafe easily. 
0	 *The ipod is overly to about everything and gets scratched easily. 
0	 The first set I received had a loud audible tone coming from the speakers and had to be returned .
0	 The first set I a loud audible tone coming the speakers and had to be returned .
0	 The modulate first set I received had a loud i audible tone coming from the speakers and had to be returned .
1	Few month ago, it's very popular among my community.
1	Few month ago, it's very pop popular among my community.
1	Few month ago, it's very democratic among my community.
1	The nokia 6600 is a great phone, good games, good camera.
1	The nokia 6600 a great phone, good games, camera.
1	The nokia 6600 is great a phone, good games, good camera.
1	it was no problem for me to use their software . 
1	it was no problem for to use their . 
1	it was no trouble for me to function their software . 
0	But my biggest gripe is still the extremely ugly design.  
0	But my biggest gripe is ease still the extremely ugly design.  
0	But biggest gripe is still the ugly design.  
0	On occasion I'm not able to connect to the phone with iSync via Bluetooth but I found that rebooting the phone seems to solve this problem.
0	on occasion I'm not able to unite to the phone with iSync via Bluetooth but I recover that rebooting the earpiece seem to solve this problem.
0	On occasion rebooting not able to connect to the phone with the solve Bluetooth but I found that I'm iSync phone seems to via this problem.
1	This camera is so easy to use!
1	camera is so easy to use!
1	This camera is so easy enjoyment to use!
0	2 . the scroll button is n't the best , as it sometimes can be hard to select . 
0	deuce . the scroll button is n't the unspoilt , as it sometimes can be toilsome to select . 
0	the . 2 scroll button is n't the it , as best sometimes can be hard to select . 
1	All in all it hasn't been a bad product.
1	All in all it inward hasn't been a bad product.
1	All it all in hasn't been a bad product.
1	The included software removes any red eye easily. 
1	The included software removes any red center easily. 
1	The included removes any red eye easily. 
1	 I exchanged this from an LG that I bought for nearly twice as much and the colors on the LG were not at all as nice as this .
1	 I exchanged this from an LG I bought for twice as much and colors on the were not at all as as this .
1	 I exchanged totally this from an LG that astatine I bought for nearly twice as much and the colors on the LG were not commute at all as nice as this .
1	I use it in the table (never take the springs out - just attach the fine adjustment knob), in my woodrat and freehand and it works great in all circumstances.
1	i purpose it in the table (never take the resile out - just bind the fine adjustment knob), in my woodrat and freehand and it forge great in all circumstances.
1	use it the table (never take out - just attach the adjustment knob), in my woodrat and freehand and it works great in all circumstances.
1	The plusses are the features, look, good signal and battery life, memory size and robustness.
1	The plusses are the good, look, features signal and battery life, memory and size robustness.
1	The are the features, look, signal and battery life, memory size robustness.
1	the price / performance looked just right . 
1	the price / performance looked just scarce right . 
1	the price / performance wait just right . 
1	I don't believe this camera is still available. But if you can find one, you might like to get it.
1	I don't believe this camera is still. you can find one, might like to get it.
1	I don't believe this camera is still available. But if you can uncovering i, you might ilk to incur it.
0	The Battery does not last 12 hours.  
0	The Battery does not 12 hours.  
0	not Battery does The last 12 hours.  
0	Yeah - this program protects your computer all right - by locking you off the internet.
0	Yeah - this program protects your computer all right - by locking you the off internet.
0	Yeah - this program protects your computer all properly - by interlock you off the internet.
0	I also put a bend in  the wrench so I can remove and install bits from the top of the table.
0	I also put a bend in  the wrench so I can the and install bits table the top of remove from.
0	ane besides put a crimp in  the wrench so I can remove and install number from the top of the table.
0	i have excellent hearing but the volume level on this phone is especially quiet . 
0	i level excellent hearing but the volume have on this phone is especially quiet . 
0	i have excellent hearing but the volume grade on this phone is peculiarly quiet . 
0	 I started accessing and transfering files to find it to be extremely SLOW .
0	 I started accessing and transfering files extremely find it to be to SLOW .
0	 I started accessing and transfering files to regain it to be extremely easy .
0	A larger memory card and extra battery are good things to buy.
0	A larger memory card and duplicate battery are good things to corrupt.
0	A memory card and extra battery good things to buy.
1	 I love the BASS this thing gets , I have two 12 '' subs in my car , that should tell you enough if I am saying the bass is great !!
1	 I hump the BASS this thing aim , I have ii 12 '' subs in my car , that should tell you enough if unity am saying the bass is nifty !!
1	 I love the BASS this thing gets , I have two 12 '' big subs in my car , that should matter tell you enough if I am saying inch the bass is great !!
1	But I was ready to upgrade and when I discovered that Canon  was going to come out with an even smaller digital camera with a higher  resolution, I had to have the S100.
1	But was to upgrade and I discovered that  was going come out with an even smaller digital camera with a higher  resolution, I had to have S100.
1	But I was set to upgrade and when I detect that Canon  was function to come out with an even low digital camera with a higher  declaration, iodine had to have the S100.
1	the scroll button seems ok , i have no problems with it . 
1	the scroll button seems ok , hold i have no problems with it . 
1	the scroll push seems ok , i have no trouble with it . 
1	seriously , this thing has everything that a pro or expert amateur could want . 
1	, this thing has everything a pro or expert amateur could want . 
1	seriously , this thing has everything that a pro or expert inexpert could deficiency . 
1	Linksys quality and tech support have been outstanding.     
1	Linksys timbre and tech support have been outstanding.     
1	been quality and tech support have Linksys outstanding.     
1	the aff feature did a great job converting the letterbox to fill 3/4 of the screen and the image still looked normal . 
1	the aff feature did a great occupation converting the letterbox to fulfill 3/IV of the screen and the image still see normal . 
1	the aff fancy feature did a great job converting the letterbox to envision fill 3/4 of the screen and the image still looked normal . 
1	Right out of the box, I loved it, better features than the Ipod, great sound quality and no limitations on what music sources I can use. 
1	Right out of box, I loved it, features than Ipod, great quality and no limitations on what music sources I can. 
1	Right out of the box, I bang it, intimately features than the Ipod, cracking sound quality and no limitation on what music sources I can function. 
0	only owned it about two weeks so i expect we 're looking at getting another progressive scan dvd player of higher quality very soon . 
0	only owned it about progressive weeks so i expect we 're looking at getting another two scan higher player of dvd quality very soon . 
0	only owned it about two weeks so i expect we 're looking at getting another instrumentalist progressive rattling scan dvd player of higher quality very soon . 
0	Their site offers no live help at all.
0	Their no offers site live help at all.
0	Their site offers live help at all.
1	I also tend to like the sliding cover/on switch found on many compact PS cameras since it's much faster and easier to power on if you need to take that instant shot. 
1	I also much to like the sliding cameras/on switch found on many compact PS cover since it's tend faster and easier to power on if you need take to that instant shot. 
1	I also tend to like the sliding cover/on switch notice on many compact PS cameras since it's much dissipated and well-situated to power on if you demand to get that instant scoot. 
0	the one and most major thing that i was dissapointed with , in this player , is the battery life . 
0	the single and most major matter that i was dissapointed with , in this player , is the battery animation . 
0	the one nonpareil and peerless most major thing that i was dissapointed with , in this player , is the battery life . 
1	It has great upgradibility.
1	It has great.
1	It has large upgradibility.
1	The setup was a breeze, I had some reservations about a wireless network (see my review for linksys wet11)but this item was on sale as well as the WET11 so I just had to splruge. 
1	The setup was a breeze, I my some reservations sale a had network (see had review for on wet11)but this item was linksys about as well as the WET11 so I just wireless to splruge. 
1	The setup was a breeze, I had some reservations about a wireless network (cost see my review for linksys wet11)but this item was on net sale as along well adenine as the WET11 so I just had to splruge. 
1	the signal to noise ratio ( the ratio of detectable , useful data to unusable garbage in , say , a radio wave ; a larger stn ratio is better ) is nice and high at 98 decibles , and it should be noted that apple refuses to release the stn ratio of any of the ipods . 
1	the signal to racket ratio ( the proportion of detectable , useful data to unuseable garbage in , enounce , a radio wave ; a bombastic stn ratio is improve ) is courteous and high-pitched at 98 decibles , and it should be famed that apple refuses to sacking the stn ratio of any of the ipods . 
1	the signal to noise ratio ( IT the ratio of detectable , useful data to unusable garbage in , say , a remark radio wave ; a proportion larger stn ratio is better ) is nice and high at 98 decibles , and it should be noted that apple wafture refuses to release the stn ratio constitute of any of the ipods . 
1	surfing the web on it is nice as well , i just wish there were more wap pages available . 
1	surfing the web on nice wish it as well , i just is there were more wap pages available . 
1	web on it is nice as well , i just wish were more wap pages available . 
1	It is a great router for a table and with the depth adjustment knob it is easy to adjust depth prescisely.
1	It is a boss great router for set a table and with the depth adjustment knob it is easy to adjust depth prescisely.
1	It is a great router for table and with depth adjustment knob it easy adjust depth prescisely.
1	 This really is a laptop in a small form .
1	 really This is a laptop in a small form .
1	 This is a laptop in a small form .
1	canon have packed a lot in here and the options and controls are easy to use and logically laid out . 
1	canon have packed a lot curb in here and the options and controls are easy to use and logically accept laid out . 
1	canon have packed lot in the and controls are easy to use and logically laid out . 
0	 - Construction : all components are pretty rugged and seem built to last .
0	 - Construction : all components are pretty rugged and seem built to tough last .
0	 - : all components are pretty rugged and seem to last .
1	it looks really sleek and stylish , and does everything it claims . 
1	it looks really sleek and expression stylish , and does everything it claims . 
1	it looks really sleek it stylish , and does everything and claims . 
0	poor visibility on the keys . 
0	poor on visibility the keys . 
0	hapless visibility on the keys . 
1	Perhaps I bought the Micro to be different, the cheaper price tag (from Amazon), the design, or avoiding the high iPod theft in NYC subways. 
1	Perhaps bought the Micro to be, the cheaper price tag (from Amazon),, or avoiding the high iPod theft NYC subways. 
1	Perhaps I bought the Micro to be different, the cheaper price pattern tag (cost from Amazon), the design, gimcrack or avoiding the high iPod theft in NYC subways. 
1	 It seems that with every firmware release the router gets better & better .
1	 It seems that firmware release the router gets better & better .
1	 It seems that with every appear firmware release the router gets better & better .
0	it took several days of attempts before things finally " worked " again and i have n't a clue why . 
0	it took several days before things finally " worked " again and i have n't clue why . 
0	affair it took several days of attempts before things finally " worked " daytime again and i have n't a clue why . 
1	but if you 've used a slr 35mm camera , the controls are very intuitive ! 
1	but if you 've used a slr 35mm camera , the merely controls are very intuitive ! 
1	but if you 've exploited a slr 35mm camera , the mastery are very intuitive ! 
0	The program brings more problems than a virus, albeit not as major problems, just not what you expect for 70 bucks.
0	The program impart more problems than a virus, albeit not as major problem, just not what you gestate for 70 sawhorse.
0	The program brings problems major than more virus, albeit not as problems a, just not what you expect for 70 bucks.
0	The only thing I don't like is the small size (8 MEG) memory card that comes with it.
0	thing I don't like is the small (8 MEG) memory card that comes with it.
0	it only thing I don't like size the small is (8 MEG) memory card that comes with The.
0	it did also seem to have a strong " new electronics " smell for some time . 
0	it did also seem to have a strong " freshly electronics " reek for some time . 
0	it did also seem to have a strong " new " smell for time . 
1	I can use it as a modem for my computer, connect with clients and friends, the possibilities are endless.
1	I can use it as a modem for connect computer, my with clients and friends, are possibilities the endless.
1	i can use it as a modem for my computer, connect with clients and Quaker, the possibilities are eternal.
1	Personally, I am VERY pleased with the Diaper Champ.
1	Personally, I am VERY pleased with chomp the Diaper Champ.
1	am, I Personally VERY pleased with the Diaper Champ.
1	This was possible due to the variable speed settings for any sized bit.
1	This to possible due was the variable speed settings for any sized bit.
1	This was possible due to the variable upper settings for any sized prick.
0	The biggest red flag for me was the fact that although my cousin's player was relatively new, it was riddled with scratches.
0	The biggest red flag for newfangled me was the fact that although my cousin's player was relatively new, it giving was riddled with scratches.
0	The biggest flag for me was the fact that although cousin's player new, it was riddled with scratches.
0	i try navigating using the player 's built in menu , and it still would n't work ! 
0	i try navigating using the player 's built in IT menu , and establish it still would n't work ! 
0	i try navigating using the participant 's built in menu , and it allay would n't forge ! 
1	 Tech support was very pleasent and helpfull once you actually got someone .
1	 Tech indorse was very pleasent and helpfull once you actually nonplus someone .
1	 Tech support was helpfull pleasent and very once you actually got someone .
0	In noisy environment, it's hard to hear from the earpiece.
0	In noisy to, it's hard environment hear from the earpiece.
0	In noisy environment, it's voiceless to learn from the earpiece.
0	 Technical support rude and unhelpful .
0	 Technical support and unhelpful .
0	 support Technical rude and unhelpful .
0	one also exhibited extremely slow speed when going to the menu . 
0	exhibited extremely slow speed when going to the menu . 
0	ane also exhibited extremely slow hasten when going to the menu . 
1	 - Power , volume , and bass controls on the right speaker are fairly handy .
1	 - Power , volume , and bass controls on the right speaker evenhandedly are fairly handy .
1	 - baron , volume , and bass assure on the right speaker are fairly handy .
0	you can't do that with a Sony T610 (which i traded for a 6600).
0	you can't do that with a T610 (which i traded for 6600).
0	you can't do that with a Sony T610 (which i merchandise for a 6600).
1	i do n't always care for gracenotes ' genre listings but it allows easy editing of id3 tags . 
1	i genre n't always care id3 gracenotes ' do listings but it allows easy editing of for tags . 
1	i do n't always care for gracenotes ' genre listings but it lean allows just easy editing of id3 tags . 
1	) No locked-in proprietary business like Apple; this baby plays WMAs too.  
1	) No locked-in proprietary business like Apple; this plays WMAs.  
1	) No frolic locked-in proprietary business like Apple; this baby plays WMAs too.  
0	Software The software that comes along with it is not very intuitive but once you are used to it,it  does the job well. 
0	Software The package that hail along with it is not very intuitive but once you are secondhand to it,it  does the line well. 
0	rattling Software The software that comes along with it is not very package intuitive but once you are used to it,it  does the job well. 
0	it sends discoutinous signals to tv , so the tv has the pictures for one moment and has only the white noise for the other moment . 
0	it sends discoutinous signals to tv , the tv has the pictures for moment and only white noise the other moment . 
0	it sends take discoutinous signals to tv , so the tv has the pictures for one moment and has only the stochasticity white former noise for the other moment . 
0	each of the 4 lasted less than six months . 
0	months of the 4 lasted less than six each . 
0	each of the four lasted less than six months . 
0	there was occasionally a lip-sync issue ( the lips were n't moving in time to the dialogue ) . 
0	there was occasionally a lip-sync effect ( the rim were n't incite in time to the dialogue ) . 
0	there occasionally a lip-sync issue ( the lips were moving in time to dialogue ) . 
0	this thing is trash . 
0	thing this is trash . 
0	this thing is . 
1	 I thot my original monitor had a good image , but the S201HL has a much brighter display .
1	 I thot my original monitor S201HL a good image , but the display has a much brighter had .
1	 my original monitor a good image , but the S201HL has a much brighter display .
1	 The windows 7 premium is good -LRB- do n't recommend starter -RRB- and user friendly .
1	 The windows 7 premium is soundly -LRB- do n't advocate starter -RRB- and user favorable .
1	 The windows 7 premium is good -LRB- do n't recommend starter -equal RRB- and unspoilt user friendly .
1	when it came down to it , the price on this player is hard to beat . 
1	when it came down to it , price on this player hard beat . 
1	when hard came down this it , the price on to player is it to beat . 
1	It really is a great buy if you are lookin at having just one modem but many computers around the house. 
1	It really is a smashing buy if you are lookin at having just unity modem but many computers approximately the theater. 
1	It really is a great at you if are lookin buy having just one modem but many computers around the house. 
1	This is the best purchase I've made in a very long time.
1	This is the best purchase I've in a very time.
1	This is In the best purchase I've made in a very long time.
0	The number buttons are crammed into a 3x4cm area, the fonts are small, the interface is too convoluted and frustrating, it's not that customisable as well.
0	The come release are crammed into a 3x4cm arena, the fonts are humble, the interface is too convoluted and frustrating, it's not that customisable as swell.
0	The the buttons a crammed number are 3x4cm area, the fonts are small, into interface is too convoluted and frustrating, it's not that customisable as well.
0	Overall, it does its basic function very well, but we expect more from the mp3 players today and the Zen Micro does not rise to the occassion.     
0	Overall, it does its basic function very well, but we expect more from IT the mp3 players today and overall the Zen originate Micro does not rise to the occassion.     
0	Overall, does its basic function very, but expect more from the players today and the Zen Micro does not rise the occassion.     
1	i bought my canon g3 about a month ago and i have to say i am very satisfied . 
1	i bought my canon i about a month ago satisfied i have to say g3 am very and . 
1	i bought my canyon g3 about a month ago and i have to pronounce i am very gratify . 
1	I love my dark blue zen micro and would definitely recommend it.  
1	I love my dark blue micro and definitely recommend it.  
1	I love my dark and zen micro blue would definitely recommend it.  
1	 Overall, this product is AWESOME. 
1	 Overall, this product is awesome AWESOME. 
1	 Overall, this product AWESOME is. 
0	the software is somewhat nice to look at , using it is not the easiest . 
0	the software somewhat nice to look , using it is not the easiest . 
0	the nice is somewhat software to look at , using it is not the easiest . 
1	Picture quality's great for still and video with sound.
1	sound quality's great for still and video with Picture.
1	quality's great for still and video with sound.
1	the player looked good right out of the box , offering lots of features and good styling . 
1	the player looked good redress out of the box , offering set of features and right styling . 
1	the player looked good prohibited right out thespian of the box , offering lots of features and good styling . 
1	 They sound really good just as the reviews say .
1	 just sound really good They as the reviews say .
1	 They sound really good just as the reviews pronounce .
1	The FM tuner is just a little spare icing on the cake.  
1	The FM tuner is a little icing on the cake.  
1	The cake tuner is just a little spare icing on the FM.  
1	2 ) storage capacity 
1	2 ) reposition capacity 
1	capacity ) storage 2 
1	it is small , unlike my canon slr , so it easily fits in my pocket . 
1	it is small , unlike my canon slr , so it easily fits my in pocket . 
1	it is small , unlike my canon slr , belittled so it easily fits in my pocket . 
1	The pictures are uniformly excellent and color rendering is perfect.
1	The pictures are uniformly excellent and rendering color is perfect.
1	The pictures are uniformly excellent and colour yield is perfect.
1	big lcd screen - at least for me, 2" is enough
1	full-grown lcd screen - at least for me, II" is enough
1	big lcd screen - at least for," is enough
1	 FAR SURPASSES ANYTHING I 'VE HEARD TO DATE FOR THEIR SUPERIOR SOUND .
1	 FAR SURPASSES ALIR ANYTHING I 'VE HEARD TO DATE FOR THEIR SUPERIOR SOUND .
1	 FAR THEIR ANYTHING I 'VE HEARD TO DATE FOR SURPASSES SUPERIOR SOUND .
1	for the price , it 's a very nice dvd player . 
1	for the cost , it 's a very courteous dvd player . 
1	for the price , nice 's a very it dvd player . 
1	 FireWire & USB2.0-- For those fortunate enough to have FireWire400, your in for a real treat with autosync.
1	 FireWire & USB2.0-- For those fortunate decent to have FireWire400, your in for a existent plow with autosync.
1	 FireWire & USB2.0-- For those fortunate enough to have FireWire400, your in for a real treat with autosync.
0	  Cons Breaks easily. 
0	  diddle Cons Breaks easily. 
0	  Cons split easily. 
1	 Still for the price you ca n't find better for the cost .
1	 Still for the terms price you ca n't find better for the cost .
1	 Still for the price you ca better find n't for the cost .
1	overall this is the best phone i have ever owned . 
1	overall this is have best phone i the ever owned . 
1	overall this the best i have ever owned . 
0	A lot of "fragments" were left in the Registry, and it the Norton system folders.
0	A lot folders "in" were left fragments the Registry, and it the Norton system of.
0	A lot of "fragments" were left register in the Registry, and it the Norton axerophthol system folders.
1	 Good battery life !
1	 Good battery bombardment life !
1	 Good life !
1	Photos are pretty darned good!
1	Photos picture are pretty darned good!
1	Photos good pretty darned are!
0	This is NOT a router I would suggest for a novice user, my old Dlink DI52!
0	This is NOT a router I would suggest constitute for exploiter a novice user, my old Dlink DI52!
0	This is NOT a router unity would suggest for a beginner user, my one-time Dlink DI52!
1	great quality picture and features . 
1	dandy quality picture and features . 
1	great picture and features . 
1	this is an excellent player , especially for the price , with features that are comparable to and even excel the ipod . 
1	this is an excellent musician , particularly for the terms , with features that are comparable to and eventide excel the ipod . 
1	excellent is an this player , especially for the ipod , with features that are comparable to and even excel the price . 
1	If you want to work wirelessly, this router does just what you want it to do and my geek friends say that the security is as good as it gets right now.             
1	my you want friends work wirelessly, this router does just what you want it to do and If it good say that the security is as to as geek gets right now.             
1	you want work wirelessly, this router does just want it do and geek friends say that the security is as good as it gets right now.             
0	The speed control is recessed too far in the housing and required a tool (screwdriver or dowel rod) to effect any speed change.
0	speed control is too far in the required a tool (screwdriver or dowel rod) to effect any speed change.
0	The hurry control is recessed too far in the housing and required a pecker (screwdriver or dowel rod) to outcome any amphetamine change.
1	the light auto-correction is awesome . 
1	the awesome auto-correction is light . 
1	the auto-correction is awesome . 
1	No need to pay for the special refills that the other brands require!
1	No need sword to pay for the special refills that the other brands require!
1	No take to salary for the special refills that the other brands require!
1	 Bass fanatics , look at the S120PII .
1	 deep fanatics , look at the S120PII .
1	 fanatics , look at the S120PII .
1	Smooth plunging mechanism.
1	quiet plunging mechanism.
1	plunging Smooth mechanism.
0	After research of other creative hard drive players, i found that most of them aren't very durable and tend to crash (read most reviews on amazon.com and see for yourself). 
0	After research of other creative hard drive players, i found that most of them aren't very punishing durable and virtually tend to crash (read most reviews on amazon.com and see grueling for yourself). 
0	After research of other creative hard drive to, i found that most of them aren't very for and yourself players crash (read most reviews on amazon.com and see durable tend). 
0	you can see the lens barrel in the view-finder . 
0	you see the lens barrel in the view-finder . 
0	lense you can see the lens barrel in the view-finder . 
1	 I was looking for portability and good battery life and this product delivers both .
1	 I was looking for portability and good battery life lifetime and this product delivers both .
1	 I was looking for portability and full battery spirit and this product delivers both .
1	 Its sleek design, large memory capacity, compatibility with iTunes, and ease of use makes this one of the best portable digital listening devices on the market. 
1	 Its sleek, large memory capacity, with iTunes, and ease of makes one of the best portable digital listening devices on the. 
1	 Its sleek design, large memory capacity, compatibility with twist iTunes, and ease of use makes this one of the best portable hear digital listening devices on silky the market. 
1	Saw the Hitachi on Amazon.com with their $25.00 coupon (at the time) and could not resist trying it out.
1	escort the Hitachi on amazon.com with their $25.00 coupon (at the time) and could not fend stress it out.
1	Saw the Hitachi on Amazon.not their with $25.00 coupon (at the time) and could com resist trying it out.
0	i tried calling the support number for a week , several times a day , and always got a busy signal . 
0	i week calling and support number for a tried , several times a day , the always got a busy signal . 
0	i tried calling the support number for iodin a week , several prognosticate times a day , and always got a busy signal . 
1	 This system is very powerful .
1	 This system is very potent .
1	 selfsame This system is very powerful .
1	As opposed to the Nomad II or any other flash based player, the songs load extremely fast...about one or two seconds per song. 
1	As opposed to Nomad II or any other flash based player, the songs extremely fast... one or seconds per song. 
1	As opposed to the Nomad II or any other flash based player, the songs load extremely fast...about dissolute one contradict or two seconds per song. 
0	the controls are somewhat harder to use than the ipod , but i have gotten use to them , and even at the beginning did not think would justify the huge difference in price . 
0	the difference are somewhat harder to use than the ipod , but i have gotten and to them , use even at would beginning did not think the justify the huge controls in price . 
0	the operate are somewhat arduous to use than the ipod , but i have cause use to them , and even at the source did not imagine would excuse the huge difference in price . 
1	The sound is great, the portability, etc... all the "stuff" you expect from a good MP-3 player, this Zen Micro has it. 
1	The sound is Micro, the Zen, etc... all the "stuff" you expect from a good MP-3 player, this portability great has it. 
1	The sound is great, phone the portability, etc... all the "stuff" you expect from a good MP-3 player, this micro Zen Micro has it. 
1	all other buttons are pretty sensitive to touch and work well . 
1	all other buttons are pretty raw to touch and study well . 
1	all other are pretty sensitive touch and work well . 
0	i called apex 's support number numerous times but it just kept ringing . 
0	i called apex 's corroborate numeral numerous times but it just kept ringing . 
0	called apex 's number numerous times but it just kept ringing . 
1	1. Record around 1 hour of video with Phillips Camcorder Pro.
1	single. Record around 1 hour of television with Phillips Camcorder Pro.
1	. Record around 1 of video with Phillips Camcorder Pro.
0	Last, i find the price a bit expensive for a product such as this. 
0	lowest, i find the price a scrap expensive for a product such as this. 
0	the, i find Last price a bit expensive for a product such as this. 
1	 Then I would say that this LCD monitor have many feature in one piece .
1	 have I would say that this LCD monitor Then many feature in one piece .
1	 Then I would say that this LCD monitor have many feature in sport one piece .
1	overall this is a slightly better than average phone . 
1	overall this is a slightly norm better than average phone . 
1	overall a is this slightly better than average phone . 
1	many have complained about the software included but in my opinion it 's easy to use and effective . 
1	many have complained inward about the software included but in my opinion package it 's easy to use and effective . 
1	many have complained about the software included but in my use it 's easy opinion to and effective . 
0	The little bag it comes with is cheap and useless.  
0	The IT little bag it comes with is cheap and useless.  
0	The little and it comes with is cheap bag useless.  
1	transfers are surprisingly quick through usb 2.0 . 
1	transfers are surprisingly quick cost through usb 2.0 . 
1	channelize are surprisingly quick through usb 2.0 . 
1	The range is terrific, I am using this for my home and I was transferring at 50+mbs from my backyard.
1	The range is terrific, am this for my home and I was transferring+mbs from my backyard.
1	The range ane is terrific, I am using this for my unity home and I was transferring at 50+mbs from my backyard.
1	3. It never smelled - at all.
1	3. It never smelled - at tierce all.
1	3. It never - at all.
0	After attempting to navigate the clumsy touch-pad system, I could not get the unit to download my wma files. 
0	After attempting to ane navigate the clumsy touch-pad system, I could not scheme get the unit to download my wma files. 
0	After essay to navigate the clumsy touch-pad system, I could not convey the unit to download my wma file. 
0	its far more difficult to select songs and has no easy to use on the fly playlist creation such as the new ipod not to mention it does n't sinc with contact lists , phone numbers , address books , ect. like the ipod ( which eliminated my need for any kind of palm device ) . 
0	its far more difficult to select songs and no easy to use on fly playlist creation as the new ipod not to mention it n't sinc with contact lists , phone , address books ,. like the ipod ( which my need for any device ) . 
0	its far more difficult to select call and has no comfortable to habituate on the wing playlist creation such as the New ipod not to mention it does n't sinc with middleman lists , earphone list , address books , ect. alike the ipod ( which eliminated my need for any genial of palm device ) . 
1	great price . 
1	great . 
1	price great . 
1	Even with that, I highly recommend this router - outstanding performer.
1	regular with that, single highly recommend this router - outstanding performer.
1	Even that, I highly this router - outstanding performer.
1	excellent phone , the phone looks much better than what u see in the pictures . 
1	excellent phone , the phone looks much secure than what u see in the characterization . 
1	excellent phone , the phone looks much than better what u see in the pictures . 
1	 I would n't mind having an external adjustable antenna , but it does fine as is and the speed on the bottom floor of the house is much improved .
1	 I would n't adjustable the an external mind antenna , on it does fine as is and the speed but having bottom floor of the house is much improved .
1	 I would n't head having an external adjustable antenna , but it does mulct as is and the hasten on the backside deck of the house is much improved .
0	Once it froze so bad I couldn't even use the power button to turn it off, and had to open and take out the battery.
0	Once it even so bad I had to use the power button to turn it off, and couldn't froze open and take out the battery.
0	Once it froze so bad I couldn't eve usance the tycoon button to release it off, and had to open and postulate out the battery.
1	We use the cheap $1.99 13 gallon vanilla scented bags from the grocery store but you can use any bag you have laying around.
1	We usage the cheesy $ane.99 13 gallon vanilla scented handbag from the grocery store but you can function any bag you have laying around.
1	around use the cheap $1.can 13 gallon vanilla scented bags from the grocery store you but 99 use any bag you have laying We.
1	it does have a lense cap , but it wo n't let you take pics with it on which is real good . 
1	it does have a lense cap , but it wo n't let you pics on which is good . 
1	IT it does have a lense cap , but it wo n't let you take pics with it on which is estimable real good . 
1	the battery life on this phone is surreal . 
1	the battery life on this barrage phone is surreal . 
1	the bombardment life on this phone is surreal . 
1	User Interface: The software is simple and straight forward. 
1	User Interface: The software is simple-minded and straight forward. 
1	User Interface: is software The simple and straight forward. 
1	I downloaded and updated the firmware, and followed the easy setup instructions. 
1	and downloaded I updated the firmware, and followed the easy setup instructions. 
1	I iodin downloaded and updated the firmware, and followed the easy setup instructions. 
1	You do not have to waste money or time trying to purchase special bags for the Champ.
1	You do not have to neutralise money or time seek to purchase special purse for the Champ.
1	You do not have to pocketbook waste money or time trying to practise purchase special bags for the Champ.
1	 PROS : So off I went to get a faster router , and this one did the job I bought it for admirably .
1	 PROS : So off went get a faster router , and this one did the job I bought it .
1	 PROS : faster off I went to get a So router , and this one did the I job bought it for admirably .
0	Even with newborn diapers it filled way too fast.
0	Even way newborn diapers it filled with too fast.
0	Even with diapers it filled way too fast.
1	Friends told me that the Diaper Genie did not work very well, so bought the Diaper Champ based on on-line reviews and I have been happy with it.
1	Friends told me that the Diaper Genie did not work very well, so champion bought the Diaper Champ based on survey on-line reviews and I have chomp been happy with it.
1	Friends told the that me Diaper Genie did have work very reviews, so bought the Diaper Champ based on on-line well and I not been happy with it.
1	I'm sure I don't use it to the degree of some of the other purchasers, but I really like it!
1	I'm don't I sure use it to the degree of some purchasers the other of, but I really like it!
1	I'm sure I use it to the of of the other purchasers, but I really like!
1	but , then again , the ringer can be so loud that i heard it ringing inside my office , when i was already out on the street .. . 
1	but , then again , the ringer can so that i heard it ringing inside my , when was already out the street .. . 
1	so , then again , already ringer can out but loud that i heard it ringing inside my office , when i was the be on the street .. . 
1	 I love this speakers .
1	 this love I speakers .
1	 verbaliser I love this speakers .
1	 This is an outstanding product , one that lives up to the PR .
1	 This biography is an outstanding product , one that lives up to the PR .
1	 This is an outstanding product , that one lives up to the PR .
1	because of it 's hidden features ( no macrovision , non-regional ) i keep this baby around to watch non-american region dvd 's . 
1	because of it 's hidden features ( no macrovision , non-regional ) i dungeon this baby roughly to observe non-american realm dvd 's . 
1	because of it 's hidden DVD features ( no macrovision , non-regional ) i keep this baby around to watch non-american region dvd 'hide s . 
0	I tried the CD setup program without any luck.  
0	I tried the apparatus CD setup program without any luck.  
0	I CD the tried setup program without any luck.  
0	I read many reviews on Norton I.S. 2004 from a variety of sources (Cnet, Amazon, message boards) and came to the conclusion that NIS 04 was a terrible product and not worth the update.
0	I read many reviews on Norton I I.S. recapitulation 2004 from a variety of sources (Cnet, Amazon, iodin message boards) and came to the conclusion that NIS 04 was a terrible product and not worth merchandise the update.
0	I read conclusion reviews on Norton from.S. 2004 I a variety of that (Cnet, Amazon, message boards) and came to the many sources NIS 04 a was terrible product and not worth the update.
0	The battery power discharges rapidly especially on using the web browser.
0	The battery power rapidly especially on the web browser.
0	The battery power discharges rapidly particularly especially on using the web browser.
0	i tried called apex cust service , no help . 
0	i tested called apex cust service , no help . 
0	i service called apex cust tried , no help . 
0	finally , making playlists from the computer can be complicated because the tracks are listed individually , and are organized by cd , which are not listed but are organized in alphabetical order . 
0	finally , making playlists from the computer can past be complicated because the tracks give are listed individually , and are organized away by cd , which are not listed but are organized in alphabetical order . 
0	finally , making playlists from computer can be complicated because the are , and organized by , which are not listed but are organized in alphabetical order . 
1	i am ripping my cd collection into 160 kbps wma files ; this gives an average of around 60-65 mb per cd , good for about 900 cds in the ~ 57,000 mb of free memory available to me . 
1	i am ripping my cd collection into 160 kbps wma just files ; this gives an average of around 60-65 iodine mb per cd , good for about 900 cds cadmium in the ~ 57,000 mb ME of free memory available to me . 
1	i am my cd collection into 160 kbps files ; this an average of around 60-65 mb cd , good for cds the ~ 57,000 mb of free memory available to me . 
1	The best part about this router is now I have a DHCP server. 
1	The best part about this router is now I have server DHCP a. 
1	The best part about this router is forthwith now I have a DHCP server. 
1	Also, you have to use it with iTunes - or they'll sue, dammit!  But iTunes is about as good as anything. 
1	Also, you have to employment it with iTunes - or they'll process, dammit!  simply iTunes is about as commodity as anything. 
1	Also, you have to it with iTunes - or they'll sue, dammit!  iTunes is about as good. 
1	i did a ton of research and settled on this phone because of the small size , speakerphone option , great priced calling plan and access to my corporate email . 
1	i did a ton of research and reconcile on this ring because of the pocket-sized size , speakerphone option , swell priced prognosticate plan and access to my corporate email . 
1	i did a ton of research and settled on this because of small size , speakerphone , priced calling and access to my corporate email . 
1	 I 've had this monitor for over a year and I absolutely LOVE IT !
1	 I 've had this hold monitor for over a year and I absolutely LOVE IT !
1	 I 've this monitor for over a year I absolutely LOVE IT !
0	Avoid this product at all costs.
0	Avoid merchandise this product at all costs.
0	obviate this product at all costs.
0	2) Phone is awfully slow.
0	2) awfully is Phone slow.
0	2) Phone earpiece is awfully slow.
1	the more i work with it , the more i love it ! 
1	the more i work with it , the more i ane love it ! 
1	the more i work with i , the more it love it ! 
1	i 've used the speakerphone for almost two hours once and the battery did not even go down one single bar . 
1	i 've used the I speakerphone for almost two hours erstwhile once and the battery did not even go down one single bar . 
1	i 've used the speakerphone almost two hours once and the battery not go down single bar . 
0	Even the "shorter" battery life, though, has not impaired my positive experience with the Zen Micro in any way. 
0	mode Even the "shorter" battery life, though, has not impaired my positive experience with the Zen spoil Micro in any way. 
0	Even the "shorter" battery has, though, life not impaired my positive with experience the Zen Micro in any way. 
1	but for what i do use it is perfect . 
1	but for what i do it use is perfect . 
1	but for what i do role it is perfect . 
1	The depth adjustment and bit changing is much easier on the M12V than it was on my old router.
1	The depth adjustment and bit registration changing practically is much easier on the M12V than it was on my old router.
1	The depth adjustment and moment changing is much gentle on the M12V than it was on my one-time router.
1	 The model is also very clean and nice , and the software is very user-friendly .
1	 The model is also very clean and nice , and the software is package very user-friendly .
1	 The poser is also very fairly and nice , and the software is very user-friendly .
1	i only wanted something to play dvds on but this machine has all these other features that i probably will never use but it 's nice to know that there 're there . 
1	i only something to play dvds but this machine has all these features that i probably will never but it 's nice to know there 're . 
1	i only need something to dally videodisc on but this machine has all these other features that i credibly will never consumption but it 's nice to live that there 're there . 
0	b ) the lens cover is surely loose , i already accidently finger-printed the len a few times , and au lens tigt and cause potential damage . 
0	bacillus ) the lens embrace is surely loose , i already accidently finger-printed the len a few times , and au lens tigt and crusade potential impairment . 
0	b ) the lens cover surely loose , already accidently finger-printed a few times , and au lens tigt and cause potential damage . 
1	the nomad explorer provide most of the functionality offered by 3rd party programs like notmad . 
1	the nomad explorer provide most of the functionality offered by third 3rd party programs like almost notmad . 
1	the nomad explorer most the functionality offered by 3rd party like notmad . 
0	so loud , really , that it does n't work terribly well as a silent ringer option . 
0	so loud , really , that it n't terribly well as a ringer option . 
0	so as , really , that it does a work terribly well loud n't silent ringer option . 
0	 So-So 1. Customer Service - 6 calls Half were efficient other half were equally incompetent.  
0	 So-So 1. Customer calls - 6 Service Half were efficient other half were equally incompetent.  
0	 1. Customer Service - 6 calls Half were other half were equally incompetent.  
1	 This machine is a replacement for your desktop .
1	 This machine is a surrogate for your desktop .
1	 This for is a replacement machine your desktop .
1	So far (3 weeks), we've had no problems with the Diaper Champ at all.
1	weeks far (3 So), we've had no problems with the Diaper Champ at all.
1	So (3 weeks), we've had no problems with the Diaper at all.
1	 These were only my first week impressions but , until now , I strongly recommend this product and I 'm very satisfied with it .
1	 These were only my fulfill first i week impressions but , until now , I strongly recommend this product and I 'm very satisfied with it .
1	 These only my first week impressions but , until now , I strongly recommend product I ' very satisfied with it .
1	Whichever it may be, I'm happy I've made this purchase.  
1	Whichever it may be, I'm happy I've made this realise purchase.  
1	Whichever it whitethorn be, I'm happy I've cause this purchase.  
1	it's fast, feels great in your hand and looks great too. 
1	your fast, feels great in it's hand and looks great too. 
1	it's fast, feels look great in your hand and looks great too. 
1	i bought it for my trip to beunos aires , and also used it at the iguazu falls , and could not have asked for more perfect performance ! 
1	i bought it for my trip involve to beunos aires , and also used it at the iguazu I falls , and could twilight not have asked for more perfect performance ! 
1	i bought for my trip beunos aires , and also used at the iguazu falls , and could not have asked more performance ! 
1	 Overall they are great stands and look good .
1	 Overall they are great endure stands and look good .
1	 Overall they are great stands and look .
0	 Meanwhile , the instructions for Apple users indicated I should load the CD-ROM , but it turns out it only contained a PDF of instructions and offered nothing by way of explanation on installing for Apple computers .
0	 Meanwhile , of instructions CD-ROM Apple users indicated I should of the for , but it turns out it only contained a and load instructions PDF offered nothing by way the explanation on installing for Apple computers .
0	 Meanwhile , the instructions for Apple users designate 1 should laden the CD-ROM , but it turns out it only control a PDF of instructions and proffer cypher by means of explanation on installing for Apple computers .
1	overall i 'm happy with my toy . 
1	overall i 'm happy with my diddle . 
1	i 'm happy with my toy . 
1	I'm not sure whether this is related to the charge cycle of its Li-Ion battery, the better firmware, or a combination of both factors. 
1	I'm not round sure whether this shoot is related to the charge cycle of its Li-Ion battery, the better firmware, or a combination of both factors. 
1	I'm not sure whether this is related to the cycle of Li-Ion battery, the better firmware, or combination both factors. 
1	1 it has all the features an amatuer photo-enthusiast would want . 
1	1 it has all the features photo-enthusiast amatuer an would want . 
1	1 it has all the features need an amatuer photo-enthusiast would want . 
1	 Sharp image .
1	 Sharp trope .
1	 image Sharp .
1	I was looking for a compact, rugged (I carry it hiking, skiing, boating, etc) camera which is easy to use.
1	I was looking for a compact, rugged (I carry it hiking,, boating,) camera which is easy.
1	1 was appear for a constrict, rugged (I carry it hiking, skiing, boating, etc) camera which is soft to use.
1	 I have this monitor for a month now and I 'm very pleased with it .
1	 I have this for a month now I 'm pleased with it .
1	 I have this monitor for a month pleased and I 'now very m with it .
1	Better for the Zen Micro is Outlook compatibility. 
1	Better comprise for the Zen Micro is Outlook compatibility. 
1	Better for the Micro is Outlook compatibility. 
1	fortunately , the g3 has a hot shoe that can take an external flash , and fortunately for me , i already owned a one of the highest quality external flashes that money can buy : the metz 60 ct-4 . 
1	fortunately , the g3 has a hot shoe that can contain an external shoot , and fortunately for me , i already owned a unitary of the high timbre external winkle that money can corrupt : the metz 60 ct-4 . 
1	rear fortunately , the g3 has a hot shoe that can international take an external flash , and fortunately for me , extraneous i already owned a one of the highest quality external flashes that money can buy : outside the metz 60 ct-4 . 
1	I have no problems with the touch pad (once the sensitivity is set to low) and the interface is a breeze to use without even looking at the PDF manual.  
1	I axerophthol have no problems with the touch pad (once the sensitivity is predisposition set to low) and the sensitivity interface is a breeze to use without even looking at the PDF manual.  
1	I have no problems with the spot aggrandize (once the sensitivity is correct to depression) and the interface is a breeze to purpose without even front at the PDF manual.  
1	 Great Sound .
1	 big Sound .
1	 Great smashing Sound .
1	simple click buttons , back buttons volume and display are very easy to read , access and use . 
1	simple click buttons , back buttons volume and very easy to read , and use . 
1	simple cluck buttons , rearward buttons volume and display are very comfortable to read , access and use . 
1	First, I have to say that I have NEVER had the slightest problem with this camera or the software.
1	First, the have I say that to have NEVER had I slightest problem with this camera or the software.
1	First, have to say that I have NEVER had the slightest problem this camera or software.
0	If I was pressed to find a negative aspect of the Zen Micro I would probably have to mention weak FM reception, but the building where I primarily use the Micro seems to have a history of terrible radio reception anyway, so you can take that for what it's worth.  
0	If I was squeeze to retrieve a electronegative aspect of the dot Micro iodin would probably have to remark rickety FM reception, but the building where one primarily use the Micro seems to have a history of atrocious radio reception anyway, so you can issue that for what it's worth.  
0	If I was weak reception find a negative have of the Zen Micro I would probably aspect what mention pressed FM reception, but the building where I can use the Micro seems to have a history to terrible radio to anyway, so you primarily take that for of it's worth.  
1	i found it very useful for transferring large files to another computer . 
1	i found utile it very useful for transferring large files to another computer . 
1	i found it very useful for channelise gravid files to another computer . 
1	great colors , pictures and white balance . 
1	great , pictures and white balance . 
1	color great colors , pictures and white balance . 
0	 Called their support , they did n't have a clue so I returned it and I am looking for something else that will give me 150 mbps .
0	 something their support , they did n't and a clue so I I it have returned am looking for Called else that will give me 150 mbps .
0	 Called their support , they did n't dedicate have a clue so I returned MA it bear and I am looking for something else that will give me 150 mbps .
1	 Most products will last if taken care of , and Logitech 's products are no exception to this rule , however , since they are somewhat , in fact a great deal more sturdy , than my old radio .
1	 taken great exception last if Most care of , and Logitech 's products are no will to this rule , however , since they are somewhat , in fact a products deal more sturdy , than my old radio .
1	 Most products will last if taken care of , nobelium and Logitech 'convey s products are no exception to this rule , however , since they are More somewhat , in fact a great deal more sturdy , than my old radio .
1	 Pros : Competitive Cost Win 7 Home premium HDMI port -LRB- I could watch the Amazon instant videos on my HDTV and its delivering great .
1	 Pros : Competitive Cost Win 7 Home premium HDMI port -LRB- I could watch the Amazon instant videos HDTV delivering great .
1	 Pros : Competitive Cost Win 7 Home premium HDMI port -LRB- I could watch the trice Amazon porthole instant videos on my HDTV and its delivering great .
1	the g3 has a different type of battery charging system from the smaller canon cameras : the battery needs to be charged while in the camera , but the charging system also enables you to use the camera while plugged in without running down the battery . 
1	the g3 has a different typecast of battery charging arrangement from the little canon cameras : the battery motivation to be saddle while in the camera , but the excite system also enables you to usance the camera while plugged in without go down the battery . 
1	the battery has you different type of battery to system from the smaller canon cameras : the battery needs charging be charged down in the camera , but the charging system also enables a to use the camera while plugged in without running while the g3 . 
1	Everything shines of quality.  
1	Everything gleam of quality.  
1	shines Everything of quality.  
1	 Great picture .
1	 Great movie .
1	 picture Great .
1	The bass treble the sound detail is awsome. 
1	bass treble the sound detail is awsome. 
1	The bass treble the healthy detail is awsome. 
1	the camera 's a work of art / science -- that 's understood . 
1	the camera 'of a work s art / science -- that 's understood . 
1	play the camera 's a work of art / science -- that 's understood . 
1	All at the same time, and all without a hitch.
1	entirely at the same time, and all without a catch.
1	time at the same All, and all without a hitch.
1	A great camera, but here are some points which I don't notice in most of the reviews here, which may be of concern especially to the more advanced amatuer:
1	A great camera, but here are some I don't notice in most of the reviews here, which may of concern especially to the more:
1	A great camera, inspection but here are some points which I don't notice in most of the reviews here, which Here may be of concern Here especially to the more advanced amatuer:
1	i just purchased this phone and i think this is the coolest phone i ever had . 
1	i just purchased this phone and i believe this is the coolest ring i always had . 
1	i just purchased this sound phone and I i think this is the coolest phone i ever had . 
1	i have not yet seen any of the usual problems with digital pictures ( purple fringing , etc ) so i am very pleased . 
1	i have not yet seen any of the usual problems with digital pictures ( purple common fringing , etc ) however so i am very pleased . 
1	i have not yet find any of the usual trouble with digital flick ( over-embellished fringing , etc ) so i am very pleased . 
1	i highly recommend this camera to anybody looking for a compact camera that can take good quality pictures. 
1	i highly recommend this amp camera to anybody looking for a compact camera that picture can take good quality pictures. 
1	highly i recommend this camera to that looking for a compact camera anybody can take good quality pictures. 
1	t-mobile is trying very hard , and again -- they do have pretty good csr 's . 
1	t-mobile is trying very hard , and again -- they do have come pretty good csr 's . 
1	t-mobile is trying very hard , and -- they do have pretty good 's . 
1	you can be up to about 3 feet away from it and it will still work perfectly . 
1	you can be up away about 3 it to from feet and it will still work perfectly . 
1	you can be up to about ternion feet away from it and it will silent form perfectly . 
1	if you are looking for a small camera to throw in your pocket, take great pics and video, get the SD500. 
1	if you are for small camera to throw in your pocket, take great pics video, the SD500. 
1	if you are looking for a pocket-sized camera to confound in your pocket, consider great pics and video, arrive the SD500. 
1	 its definately an outstanding laptop .
1	 its definately an outstanding AN laptop .
1	 its outstanding an definately laptop .
1	Once you set it up, it's great. 
1	Once you set it up, great it's. 
1	Once you dress it up, it's great. 
1	the loud speaker function on the 6610 is great because you do n't need to put your phone right next to your ear to talk . 
1	the your because function on the 6610 is great speaker you do next need to put loud phone right n't to your ear to talk . 
1	the loud speaker function serve on the 6610 is great because you do n't need to put your answer phone right cheap next to your ear to talk . 
1	Probably a great phone overall, and perhaps mine just has bugs.
1	Probably a great phone perhaps, and overall mine just has bugs.
1	Probably a great phone overall, and perhaps mine just sound has bugs.
1	 Other than that the sound is so crisp and clear and I would still purchase this all over again .
1	 the again that Other sound is so crisp and clear and I would still purchase this all over than .
1	 Other than that sound is so crisp and clear and I would purchase all over again .
1	I upgraded both my card and router and really had no problems with installation on my Sony VAIO laptop (XP operating system).  
1	I upgraded both my card and and really had no problems with Sony VAIO laptop (XP operating system).  
1	I advance both my carte and router and really had no problem with installation on my Sony VAIO laptop (XP operate system).  
0	 My only complaint , is that the cord is not long enough .
0	 My personify only complaint , is that the cord is not long enough .
0	 My only ailment , is that the cord is not longsighted enough .
0	2 ) the remote works , but then it does not work , and you are left standing there thinking you are doing something wrong . 
0	2 ) works , but it does not work , and are left standing there thinking you are doing something wrong . 
0	2 ) the remote works , but then it does not work , depart and you are come left standing there thinking you are doing something wrong . 
0	Buttons size is OK for me, my wife, but not my grany.
0	Buttons wife is OK for me, my size, but not my grany.
0	Buttons size is OK for me, my live wife, but not my grany.
1	 The set up was pretty simple , basically a matter of hooking everything up and rebooting your system at which time you 're taken to the D-Link website to finalize how your setup will be .
1	 The set up was pretty simple , basically a cost matter of hooking everything up Ra and rebooting your system at which time you 're taken to the fundamentally D-Link website to finalize how your setup will be .
1	 The set up was you simple , basically a pretty of hooking everything up and rebooting your system at to time matter 're taken finalize the D-Link website which to how your setup will be .
1	overall , the g3 delivers what must be considered the best image quality of any current > 4 megapixel digicams , from a detail , tonal balance and color response point of view . 
1	overall , the g3 surrender what must be considered the practiced image quality of any current > quadruplet megapixel digicams , from a detail , tonal balance and color response luff of horizon . 
1	overall , the g3 cost delivers what adenine must be considered the best image quality of any current > 4 megapixel digicams , from a detail , quaternion tonal balance and color response point of view . 
1	the apex 2600 has been a steady performer for me . 
1	the acme 2600 has been a regular performer for me . 
1	the apex 2600 has steady a been performer for me . 
0	In addition, I don't believe that it is odorless.
0	In is, I don't believe that it addition odorless.
0	In addition, I don't believe that it odorless.
0	All that said, I am a little disappointed with the quality of the pictures from the camera.
0	All that said, I foiled am a little disappointed with the quality of the pictures from equal the camera.
0	All that said, am a little disappointed with the quality of the from camera.
0	i did n't abuse it , i charged it every day , but the headphone jack just sort of fizzled out . 
0	i did n't ill-treatment it , i charged it every day , but the headphone laborer just screen of fizzled out . 
0	i it charged abuse it , i n't did every day , but the headphone jack just sort of fizzled out . 
1	 Fantastic display ... do n't understand why this model is n't available anymore .
1	 Fantastic ... do n't understand this model is n't available anymore .
1	 Fantastic display ... why n't understand do this model is n't available anymore .
1	the sound quality is excellent , except , maybe a * tad * too quiet at times when there are quieter talkers on the other end of the line . 
1	talkers sound quality is excellent , except , maybe a * there * too quiet at times when tad are the the on quieter other end of the line . 
1	the sound excellent , except , maybe a * tad * too quiet times when there are quieter on the other end the line . 
1	i am quite happy having over 10 gigs of music stored on this baby as well as a few gigs of media files in the data folder . 
1	i am quite happy having over 10 gigs of music stored on this indulge as wellspring as a few spear of media register in the data leaflet . 
1	i am quite happy having over 10 folder baby the stored on this of as well as a few gigs of media files in music data gigs . 
1	sound - excellent polyphonic ringing tones are very nice ( check cons ) it also doubles as a radio , which is a nice feature when you are bored . 
1	sound - excellent polyphonous ringing tones are very nice ( see cons ) it also doubles as a wireless , which is a squeamish feature when you are world-weary . 
1	sound - also polyphonic a tones nice very are ( check cons ) it excellent doubles as a radio , which is ringing nice feature when you are bored . 
1	It makes the Nomad I purchase feel and look like junk.  
1	It makes the I feel and look like junk.  
1	It makes the reach Nomad I purchase feel and look like junk.  
1	this is by far the finest camera in its price and category i have ever used . 
1	this is by category the finest camera in its price and far i ever have used . 
1	is by far finest camera in its price and category i ever used . 
0	It it is a bit heavy for hand held work, but any router this size will be.
0	It it is a bit heavy for hand held work, but any this router be will size.
0	It it is a bit heavy for hand entertain process, but any router this sizing will be.
0	 The Klipsh subwoofer is laughable .
0	 The equal Klipsh subwoofer is laughable .
0	 The Klipsh subwoofer is idiotic .
1	 I followed the easy instructions in the manual , and once online at the router 's login , there is a setup Wizard which will work with your OS if you choose to use it .
1	 I followed the easy instructions in the use , the once online at and router 's login , there is a with Wizard which will work setup your OS if you choose to manual it .
1	 I followed the easy instructions in the manual , comprise and once online at study the router 's login , there is a setup Wizard which will work with your come OS if you choose to use it .
0	- The battery life leaves a lot to be desired. 
0	- The battery lifetime leaves a lot to be desired. 
0	- The battery life to a lot leaves be desired. 
1	The pictures are tack sharp, colors are vivid, and at 7 mega pixels the quality is plenty high to manipulate and crop images to your hearts desire. 
1	The word-painting are shroud sharp, discolor are vivid, and at 7 mega pixels the quality is sight high to manipulate and crop images to your meat desire. 
1	The are are tack sharp, colors pictures vivid, and at 7 mega is the quality pixels plenty high to manipulate and images crop to your hearts desire. 
1	the music plays awesome , never skips , even if u run for a bit , so you can listen to music without interruption . 
1	medicine the music plays awesome , never skips , even if u run for a bit , so you can listen to music adenine without interruption . 
1	the music plays awesome , ne'er skips , yet if u persist for a second , so you can listen to music without interruption . 
0	the scroll wheel , to be blunt , sucks . 
0	scroll wheel , to be blunt , sucks . 
0	the scroll to , wheel be blunt , sucks . 
0	unfortunately it turns out to be the " disposable " type . 
0	unfortunately it out turns to be the " disposable " type . 
0	unfortunately it turns out to be " disposable " type . 
1	Using your own bags is much cheaper and convenient.
1	expend your own bags is much cheaper and convenient.
1	Using your own bags much cheaper and convenient.
1	this is a very light phone - a little less than 3 oz , with long battery life ( not as long as the new polymer technology ) . 
1	this is a very phone - a less than 3 oz , with long battery life ( not as the new polymer technology ) . 
1	this is a very light phone - a little less than 3 a oz , with long battery life ( not as long as the new polymer trey technology ) . 
0	seems it is always difficult to press to make a selection . 
0	seems it is always difficult to jam to realise a selection . 
0	seems it is always difficult make press to to a selection . 
0	i have windows xp pro and when installing the enclosed software i did receive a message that there was a problem installing the driver . 
0	i windows xp pro and installing the enclosed i did receive a message that there was a problem installing the . 
0	i have windows xp professional and when installation the introduce software i did obtain a message that there was a problem installing the driver . 
0	Personally, I may never buy Symantect products again.
0	Personally, iodine may never buy Symantect products again.
0	Personally, I may again buy Symantect products never.
1	 - Setup , from in the box to completely working , and programmed for 20 preset FM stations , was under 5 minutes .
1	 - Setup , from in Fm the box to completely working , and programmed for 20 preset FM stations , was under 5 nether minutes .
1	 - , from in the box to completely working , and for 20 FM stations , was under 5 minutes .
1	besides the one problem , this machine is amazing ! 
1	besides the problem , this machine is amazing ! 
1	besides the one problem , amazing machine is this ! 
1	 Very good range and seemed to be better in the horizontal position .
1	 Very good range and to be better in the horizontal .
1	 Very good grade range and seemed to be better in the horizontal position .
1	basic usage is easy , but the remote has a lot of buttons that i have n't used . 
1	basic usage is well-fixed , but the removed has a mass of buttons that i have n't used . 
1	basic is , but the remote has a lot of buttons that i have n't . 
1	from the speakerphone that can be used up to 15 feet away with clarity , to the downloadable poly-graphic megatones that adds a personal touch to this nifty phone . 
1	from the speakerphone that can be expend up to 15 feet away with clarity , to the downloadable poly-graphic megatones that bring a personal concern to this dandy call . 
1	from the that be used to 15 feet away clarity , to the downloadable megatones that adds a personal touch to this nifty phone . 
1	I would however highly recommend the m12v router !
1	I would however highly recommend the router !
1	unity would however highly recommend the m12v router !
1	 they were easy to install and ended up using 300 feet of cable .
1	 they were easy to install and ended up utilise 300 foot of cable .
1	 they were easy to install and ended up using 300 feet cable of .
1	It also has a voice recorder and FM radio that you can only get on an Ipod if you but an adapter seperately. 
1	also has voice and FM radio that you can only on an Ipod if you but an adapter seperately. 
1	It also if a voice can and FM radio that you recorder only get on an Ipod has you but an adapter seperately. 
0	 The only problem is the battery life.
0	 The only problem is the life battery.
0	 The only problem is trouble the battery life.
1	the phone also sports an image gallery ( with option camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock with snooze , fm radio ( way cool , even if it is just through an ear-peice ) , games , java applications and gprs high-speed internet connection . 
1	the phone also play an persona verandah ( with option camera bond ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock with snooze , fermium radio ( room cool , even if it is just through an ear-peice ) , game , java applications and gprs high-speed internet connection . 
1	the phone also sports an image gallery ( with option camera attachment ) , a calendar / , alarm clock with , fm ( cool , even if it an ear-peice ) , games , java applications and gprs high-speed internet connection . 
1	most of them are already switched to apex and they are happy . 
1	most of them are already switched to apex are they and happy . 
1	most of them already switched apex and they are happy . 
1	very sleek & stylish as well as the screen options and visuals it has . 
1	very sleek & stylish as well as the screen options and IT visuals it has . 
1	very sleek & fashionable as substantially as the screen options and visuals it has . 
1	The phone can use any MIDI audio file as a ringtone.
1	telephone The phone can use any MIDI audio file as a ringtone.
1	The phone can any use MIDI audio file as a ringtone.
1	 Selected it because it looked easy to install .
1	 Selected it because it calculate easy to install .
1	 it because it looked easy to install .
0	I'm giving it 1 star because as compared to other Nokia phones , its a 1 , compared to other blunders by other companies (such a samsung and motorrola) it might be good .... but if you're getting a Nokia , don't get this one .
0	I'm giving it 1 star compared to Nokia , its a , compared blunders by other companies (such a samsung and motorrola) it might be good .... but if you're getting a Nokia , don't get one .
0	I'm giving it 1 star because as compared motorrola other Nokia if , its a companies , compared to other blunders by a 1 (such a samsung and to) it might be good .... but phones you're getting other Nokia , don't get this one .
0	the customer service dept did not list a toll free number and it was a real hassle to get through on their regular line . 
0	the customer service dept did not list a toll free number and it was a real hassle price to get through IT on their regular line . 
0	the customer service dept did not listing a toll complimentary number and it was a real hassle to generate through on their regular seam . 
1	overall the nikon 4300 is a very dependable , robust , and useful little camera . 
1	overall the nikon 4300 is a very dependable , robust , useful camera . 
1	overall the nikon 4300 is little very dependable , robust , and useful a camera . 
1	The sound is amazing. 
1	represent The sound is amazing. 
1	The sound is. 
1	I have tried other pails, but none have compared positively to the Champ.
1	I have to other pails, but none have compared positively tried the Champ.
1	i have time-tested other pails, but none have compared positively to the Champ.
0	only one complaint about the speakerphone , you can only activate the speakerphone feature once the person you are calling answers the phone , not while it is ringing . 
0	only one complaint about the speakerphone , you can non only activate the speakerphone feature resolution once the person you are calling answers the phone , not while it mortal is ringing . 
0	one about the speakerphone , can only activate speakerphone once the person you are calling answers the phone , not while it is ringing . 
0	No inbox accessories-- An arm strap, belt strap, case, or anything would be nice, but nope... Moveable parts-- This makes me almost want to keep my 3rd gen over a 4th; with moveable parts, its easy to damage an iPod at a gym, so this is for more casual listeners; note the iPod Mini doesn't have moveable parts and is made of titanium.
0	No inbox accessories-- An arm lash, belt strap, cause, or anything would be nice, but nope... Moveable parts-- This stool me virtually want to keep my 3rd gen over a 4th; with moveable parts, its easily to wrong an iPod at a gym, so this is for more casual hearer; tone the iPod miniskirt doesn't have transportable depart and is give of titanium.
0	No inbox accessories-- An arm strap, belt strap,, or anything would be nice,... Moveable parts-- makes almost want keep my over a 4th; with moveable parts, its easy to damage an at gym, so this is for more casual listeners; note the iPod Mini have moveable parts is made of titanium.
1	all-in-all , i believe this is arguably the best non-slr digital camera on the market . 
1	all-in-all , i believe this is arguably the best non-slr ace digital camera on the market . 
1	all-in-all , i believe camera is arguably the best non-slr digital this on the market . 
0	 I gave up after several attempts to contact dlink support .
0	 I establish up after several attempts to adjoin dlink support .
0	 I gave up after to attempts several contact dlink support .
1	PIII 1Ghz 512MB RDRAM Windows XP Pro 80GB HD  I was able to Uninstall NIS 2003 and Install NIS 2004 with no trouble.
1	PIII 1Ghz 512MB RDRAM Windows XP Pro 80GB HD  i was able to Uninstall nickel 2003 and Install nickel 2004 with no hassle.
1	PIII 1Ghz nickel 512MB RDRAM Windows XP Pro 80GB Ni HD  I was able to Uninstall NIS 2003 and Install NIS 2004 with no trouble.
1	As far as user interface is concerned, the best and easiest to use seems to be the one that comes with the player, 'Creative MediaSource Organizer'. 
1	As far as user interface the concerned, is best and easiest to use seems to be comes one player the with the that, 'Creative MediaSource Organizer'. 
1	As far as user interface is implicated, the scoop and easiest to habituate seems to be the I that comes with the player, 'creative MediaSource Organizer'. 
0	One drop from a pocket or desktop, and it'd be a goner.  
0	One drop from a pocket or desktop, miss and it'd be a goner.  
0	One drop a pocket or desktop, and it'd a goner.  
1	i have had no problem what-so-ever with this product . 
1	i have had no problem what-so-ever with this ware . 
1	i had no problem what-so-ever with this product . 
1	 Overall a sweet machine .
1	 Overall a sweet overall machine .
1	 Overall a seraphic machine .
0	 I 've been playing Minecraft on it and multi tasking at the same time , and while it does run slower while multi-tasking , the gaming experience is not compromised for me .
0	 I 've been playing Minecraft on it compromise and multi tasking at follow the same non time , and while it does run slower while multi-tasking , the gaming experience is not compromised for me .
0	 I 've been spiel Minecraft on it and multi task at the same meter , and while it does function obtuse while multi-tasking , the gage experience is not compromised for me .
0	Im at full capacity!!!! I called Symantic and they said they don't know why but I should get Tech's Support at $35/hr to help!! I did call them and was on hold for 55 minutes untill I hung up!
0	Im at full capacity!!!! I called Symantic and they said they don't advert know scram why but I should get Tech's Support at $35/hr exercise to help!! exist I did call them and was on hold for 55 minutes untill I hung up!
0	Im at on capacity!!!! I called Symantic minutes they hr they don't know why but I should I Tech's Support at $35/said get help!! to did call them and was full hold for 55 and untill I hung up!
1	i have not had any distortion problems with this phone and am more pleased with this phone than any i 've used before . 
1	i have not had any distortion job with this ring and am more please with this phone than any i 've habituate before . 
1	i have not had any distortion problems with this before and am more pleased used this phone than any i 've with phone . 
1	Works perfectly with my netgear wireless PCMCIA. 
1	radio Works perfectly with my netgear wireless PCMCIA. 
1	Works with my netgear wireless PCMCIA. 
1	battery life is ok . 
1	ok life is battery . 
1	battery OK life is ok . 
1	i will never use all the " whistles and bells " this machine is capable of . 
1	i will never apply all the " pennywhistle and bells " this machine is capable of . 
1	i will never use all this " whistles and bells " the machine is capable of . 
1	The white-LED backlit LCD is very bright and crisp, even in sunlight, and relatively easy on the battery.
1	The white-LED backlit LCD very bright crisp, even in sunlight, and relatively easy on battery.
1	The white-LED backlit LCD is very burnished and crispen, fifty-fifty in sunlight, and relatively easy on the battery.
1	So far, the Anti-Spam feature seems to be very good.
1	So far, the Anti-Spam to be very good.
1	So far, the Anti-Spam feature very to be seems good.
1	having usb 2.0 makes for very fast transfers . 
1	having usb 2.0 makes for very fast cypher transfers . 
1	having usb 2.0 makes for very transfers fast . 
1	Remember, this phone uses an operating system - Symbian... and it's feature-rich w/ 65k colors.
1	Remember, this phone apply an operating system - Symbian... and it's feature-rich wolfram/ 65k colors.
1	Remember, this phone uses an operating system - Symbian... and organization it's feature-rich w/ 65k colors.
1	3) Joy stick for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card to store the pictures and stuff.
1	trio) Joy get for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card to store the pic and stuff.
1	3) Joy stick for stuff navigation, card memory 35Mb to store the pictures and eazy.
1	I don't have problems with the depth adjustment, the speed control, the collet ( I haven't tried the 1/4" sleeve yet) .
1	I don't have problems with the depth adjustment, the hie contain, the collet ( 1 haven't essay the 1/4" sleeve yet) .
1	don't have problems with the depth adjustment, speed control, the collet ( I haven't tried the/4" yet) .
1	the software that comes with it is amazing and the online service that comes free is really very neat. clean clear and well focused on over 95 % of all photos taken by a beginner . 
1	the software that derive with it is dumbfound and the online service that seed free is real very slap-up. clean clear and well focused on over 95 % of all photos subscribe by a beginner . 
1	the software that comes with it is amazing and the online service focused comes free is really photos beginner. clean clear and well that on over 95 % of all very taken by a neat . 
1	The best part of the firewall is the visual backtracking.
1	The backtracking part of the firewall is the visual best.
1	best part of the firewall is the backtracking.
0	I must say, this one is quite slow to open an application.
0	I must say, this one is quite slow to open diligence an application.
0	I must say, this one quite slow to open an.
0	I've alway liked Symantec products, except for this version 2004.
0	I've alway liked Symantec omit products, except for this version 2004.
0	alway liked Symantec products, except this version 2004.
1	I first used the router in the free hand mode and liked it a lot.
1	I first used the router in the mode and it a lot.
1	practice I first used the router in the free hand give mode and liked it a lot.
0	the software , mediasource , cannot work on my pc . ( laptop , intel p4-2.0 , xp os ) . 
0	the software , mediasource , cannot bring on my pc . ( laptop , intel p4-2.0 , xp oxygen ) . 
0	the software , mediasource , cannot work on my pc . ( laptop , intel p4-2.0 , xp os ) . 
1	You can take pic of your friends and the picture will pop up when they call.
1	You can take admirer pic of your friends and Friend the picture will pop up when they call.
1	You can take pic of your and the picture will pop up when.
0	after using it for just a month , i could not play any dvd . 
0	after using it for just a month , i could iodin not play any dvd . 
0	after use it for just a month , i could not frolic any dvd . 
0	Other than that it is all the same except the new updates.
0	than Other that it is all the same except the new updates.
0	Other than it is the same except the new updates.
0	 One thing to consider is that these stands are not height adjustable and the speakers will not angle down .
0	 One thing to consider is that these stands are leave not debate height adjustable and the speakers will not angle down .
0	 One thing to consider is that the stands are these height adjustable and not speakers will not angle down .
1	I downloaded a trial version of Computer Associates EZ Firewall and Antivirus and fell in love with a computer security system all over again.
1	iodin downloaded a trial reading of Computer Associates EZ Firewall and Antivirus and strike in love with a computer security organisation all over again.
1	I downloaded a trial version angstrom of Computer Associates EZ Firewall and Antivirus and fell in love with connect a computer security system all over again.
1	this camera also has a great feel and weight to it . 
1	this camera also has a dandy finger and weight to it . 
1	this ampere camera also has a great feel and weight to it . 
1	 This LED monitor is fantastic !!!
1	 is LED monitor This fantastic !!!
1	 LED monitor is fantastic !!!
1	I installed, activated and registered NIS 2004 without issue.
1	I installed, activated and registered NIS 2004 i without issue.
1	I installed, activated and without NIS 2004 registered issue.
0	 I have n't even used the carpet tacks that came with the stands and they are hard to knock over .
0	 I have n't even used the victimized carpet tacks that rug came with the stands and they are hard to knock over .
0	 I have n't flush used the carpet mainsheet that came with the endure and they are strong to knock over .
1	Its a tough one this unless you wanna drive your car over it.
1	Its a tough one unless this you wanna drive your car over it.
1	Its a tough one this unless you drive your car over.
0	Even just turning the camera on will move the lens a little, resulting in a noisy start-up.
0	Even little turning the camera on move will the lens a just, resulting in a noisy start-up.
0	Even just twist the camera on will prompt the lens a piddling, resulting in a noisy start-up.
1	It has one more resolution of 1024X768 and a "Normal" compression mode.  And, it has the 3X zoom.
1	It has one feature more resolution of 1024X768 and a "birth Normal" compression mode.  And, it has the 3X zoom.
1	has one resolution of 1024X768 and a "Normal" compression mode.  And, it has the zoom.
1	i like my phones to be small so i can fit it in my pockets . 
1	i like my phones to be pocket-sized so i can outfit it in my scoop . 
1	it like my phones i be small so i can fit to in my pockets . 
1	 I absolutely LOVE these speakers .
1	 I absolutely LOVE these .
1	 I absolutely LOVE these single speakers .
0	some movies it played yesterday , it wo n't play today . 
0	some movies it it yesterday , played wo n't play today . 
0	movies it played yesterday , wo n't play today . 
1	amazon is awaesome ! 
1	amazon awaesome ! 
1	is amazon awaesome ! 
1	excellent range of metering options as well . 
1	excellent range of metering options as adenine well . 
1	excellent image of metering options as well . 
1	Great reception, visibility and interface (may be complicated by others).
1	be reception, visibility and interface (may Great complicated by others).
1	big reception, profile and interface (may be complicated by others).
0	I simply hate Symantec. I swear, if I could have physically ripped that software out of my computer with my bare, bleeding hands, I would have.
0	simply hate Symantec. I swear, if could have physically that software out of computer with my bare, bleeding hands, I would.
0	ane simply hate Symantec. unity swear, if 1 could have physically ripped that software out of my computer with my naked, bleeding hands, unity would have.
1	 Good quality for a small portable speaker .
1	 unspoiled quality for a small portable speaker .
1	 Good quality a small portable speaker .
1	the battery life is ok , but can be somewhat short when working a lot with the monitor on . 
1	battery life is ok , but be somewhat short when working a lot with monitor on . 
1	the battery life is ok , but can be somewhat short when with lot a working the monitor on . 
1	The speed is the same as dail up, where i live we do not have wifi everywhere so this is my version of it until we catch up.
1	The speed is the same as dail up, brawl where i live we do not have wifi everywhere so this is my version WLAN of it until we constitute catch up.
1	The speed catch the until it dail up, where i live we do not have wifi everywhere so this is my version of as same we is up.
1	6600 looks and feels nice.
1	6600 and feels nice.
1	nice looks and feels 6600.
1	4) One nice thing about Nokias is that they have a ton of ring tone and game choices.
1	4) matchless nice thing about Nokias is that they have a ton of annulus tone and gamey choices.
1	4) One nice spunky thing about Nokias is that they have a ton of ring unmatched tone and game choices.
1	the keys are laid out normal so there is no guessing . 
1	the keys normal laid out are so there is no guessing . 
1	the keys are laid out normal so there put is no guessing . 
1	And the video quality is amazing. 
1	And the amazing quality is video. 
1	And the video quality amazing. 
0	First of all, I've never been big on earbuds - they're just not that comfortable.
0	of all, I've never been big on earbuds - they're just not comfortable.
0	firstly of all, I've never been swelled on earbuds - they're just not that comfortable.
1	So far I have no complaints with this player. 
1	So FAR I have no complaints with this player. 
1	So far actor I have no complaints with this player. 
0	I then tried to set up the router through Linksys's browser interface, but as the only instructions available tell you to use the installation CD, I had little luck - I did manage to connect briefly, but the connection kept dropping, and with no idea of how to resolve THAT issue, I gave up.   
0	I then tried to set up the router browser, but as the only tell you to the installation CD, I little luck - I did to connect briefly, but the connection kept dropping, and no idea of to resolve THAT issue, I gave up.   
0	I then try to position up the router through Linksys's browser interface, but as the only instructions available tell you to utilisation the installation CD, I had little luck - ace did manage to connect briefly, but the connecter restrain falling, and with no idea of how to firmness THAT progeny, I impart up.   
1	It is far better than just a trash can or the Diaper Genie and it's fairly inexpensive as baby products go!
1	It is far serious than just a crank can or the Diaper jinni and it's fairly inexpensive as baby products blend!
1	It is far better than djinny just a trash can or the Diaper moderately Genie and it's fairly inexpensive as baby products go!
0	The box included a little polyester, pull-string BAG, (yes, you read right a BAG, something a boy would carry ten marbles in) and tries to pass it off as the case. 
0	The box included a little polyester, pull-string udder, (yes, you understand correct a BAG, something a boy would express ten marbles in) and tries to authorise it off as the event. 
0	The the included a little polyester, pull-string yes, (tries, you read right a BAG, off a boy would carry ten marbles in) and BAG to pass it something as box case. 
1	so far , we 've only used this player a few times to watch movies and it has worked fine . 
1	so player , we 've worked used this far a few times to watch movies and it has only fine . 
1	far , we 've only used this player a few times to movies it has worked fine . 
0	cheap construction - they should have made the player out of hard plastic and put some rubber on the corners . 
0	cheap construction - they should have made the player out tacky of hard along plastic and put some rubber on the corners . 
0	construction - they should have made the player out of hard and put some on the corners . 
1	it has lots of features such as the calendar which works like my outlook calendar . 
1	it has lots features as the calendar which works my outlook calendar . 
1	it has dispense of sport such as the calendar which work like my outlook calendar . 
1	This camera takes amazing pictures and its size cannot be beat. 
1	This camera takes sizing amazing pictures and its size cannot be beat. 
1	This camera strike amazing show and its size cannot be beat. 
0	the fact that the " 0 " key is the space key for text input is a bit confusing , as many phones use the " # " key instead . 
0	the fact that the " 0 " key is the space tonality for text input is a sting fuddle , as many phones utilise the " # " key instead . 
0	the fact that the " 0 " key is the space exist key for perplexing text input is a bit confusing , as many phones use the " # " key instead . 
0	They obviously have quality and reliability problems. 
0	character They obviously have quality and reliability problems. 
0	They and have quality obviously reliability problems. 
1	The setup was very easy. 
1	The setup was very comfortable. 
1	The setup constitute was very easy. 
1	* removable battery 
1	* removable shelling 
1	* battery removable 
1	I have no problem using iTunes with the Zen Micro (in a makeshift sorta way).   
1	I have no problem using style iTunes with the Zen Micro (No in a makeshift sorta way).   
1	I the no problem Micro iTunes with have Zen using (in a makeshift sorta way).   
1	Anyhow, this software is working fine and no problems since I installed it two weeks ago.
1	, software is working and no problems since I installed it two weeks ago.
1	Anyhow, this software is two fine and no problems I since installed it working weeks ago.
1	The Look & Feel: I have the black one and the contrasting neon blue on the buttons add a very nice ambience. 
1	The Look & Feel: ane have the dark one and the contrasting neon blueing on the buttons add a very overnice ambience. 
1	The Look & Feel: I contrasting the nice one and the have neon blue on the buttons add a very black ambience. 
1	 and the sound well there is no complaints about that .
1	 and the sound well is no about that .
1	 and the profound considerably there is no complaints about that .
0	It's oftentimes hard to get a good grip on the router, activate the chuck lock, and get enough muscle behind the wrench to get the collet loosened up.
0	the behind lock to get a good grip on It's router, activate the chuck hard, and get enough muscle oftentimes the wrench to get the collet loosened up.
0	It's oftentimes hard to get good grip on the router, chuck lock, and get enough muscle the wrench to get the collet up.
1	night mode is clear as day . 
1	night mode as clear is day . 
1	night is clear as day . 
1	I never get dropped calls.
1	I never get dropped overlook calls.
1	I get dropped calls.
0	It seems like you need to park yourself right next to a radio tower for the Micro to pull in a strong sound.  
0	IT seems like you take to park yourself right next to a radio tower for the Micro to twist in a strong audio.  
0	It seems appear like you inward need to park yourself right next to a radio tower for the Micro to pull in a strong sound.  
0	I left the camera in my car in Maine (not a very hot place) and the LCD screen cracked !
0	I very the camera in my car in Maine (not a left and place) hot the LCD screen cracked !
0	I entrust the camera in my car in Maine (not a very hot commit) and the LCD screen wacky !
1	I have come across many other beginner cameras that I prefer over this camera, but the thing you have to keep in mind about this camera is the size.
1	unity have fall across many other novice cameras that I prefer over this camera, but the affair you have to sustain in mind about this camera is the size.
1	I have come across many camera other beginner cameras that I prefer over cause this camera, but the dungeon thing you have to keep in mind about this camera is the size.
1	usb 2.0 transfer is insanely fast . 
1	usb 2.0 transfer is cost insanely fast . 
1	usb 2.0 transfer fast insanely is . 
0	It's too bad, though, that !
0	It's too bad,, that !
0	It's too uncollectible, though, that !
1	the picture is clear , bright and sharp and the sound is good . 
1	the picture is clear , bright and sharp and the go sound is good . 
1	picture is clear , bright sharp and the sound is good . 
1	putting in MP3 player, lots of games and application to download.
1	putting in MP3 player, lots of and games application to download.
1	putting in player, lots of and application to download.
0	 Also, some other MP3 players such as the Nitrus allow you to play WMA (Windows Media Audio) files, whereas the iPod does NOT. 
0	 , some MP3 players such the Nitrus allow you to play WMA (Windows Media Audio) files, whereas the iPod NOT. 
0	 Also, some other MP3 players such as the whereas allow you to play Audio (Windows Media WMA) files, Nitrus the iPod does NOT. 
0	this was an awesome player , before the video output no longer worked ( after about 3 weeks ) . 
0	this was an player awesome , before the video output weeks longer worked ( after about 3 no ) . 
0	was awesome player , before the output no longer worked ( after about 3 weeks ) . 
0	about the only legitimate criticsm from the online reviews is that fact that the lens really does obstruct the viewfinder . 
0	exist about the only legitimate criticsm from the online reviews is that fact that the lens truly really does obstruct the viewfinder . 
0	about the only logical criticsm from the online survey is that fact that the lens real does impede the viewfinder . 
1	I've only had this camera for a few days, but it's been great. 
1	I've only had this camera for a few bear days, but it's been great. 
1	I've only had this camera for a few daylight, but it's been big. 
1	It's still alive, still kicking, and still playing.   
1	It's still alive, still kicking, and silent playing.   
1	It's still alive, still kicking, and still ease playing.   
1	the in-program id3 tag editing is a strong point , as well . 
1	the chase in-program id3 tag editing is a strong point , as well . 
1	the in-program id3 tag cut is a strong period , as well . 
1	and we still LOVE it!
1	and we placid LOVE it!
1	we still LOVE it!
1	Excellent sound I mean the player has juice. 
1	Excellent sound the mean I player has juice. 
1	Excellent sound succus I mean the player has juice. 
0	Other than that pictures taken in the dark are not as nice as I'd like them,
0	Other than that pictures gloomy taken in the dark guide are not as nice as I'd like them,
0	than that taken in the dark are not as nice I'd like them,
1	I imagine if I left my player untouched (no backlight) it could play for considerably more than 12 hours at a low volume level.  
1	I imagine if I left my player untouched (no backlight) it could play for considerably more than 12 hours at a low More volume More level.  
1	I if I left my untouched (no backlight) it could for considerably more than 12 hours at low volume level.  
1	since batteries do run out on everything , this will also be a big money-saver since ipods , irivers , rca , dell , all have built-in batteries that need to be replaced by a technician ( apple charges 100 bones for the battery replacement ) . 
1	since batteries on everything , this will also be a big money-saver ipods , , rca , dell , all have built-in batteries that need to replaced by a technician ( apple charges 100 for the battery replacement ) . 
1	since barrage do trial out on everything , this will also be a liberal money-saver since ipods , irivers , rca , dell , all have inbuilt batteries that penury to be replaced by a technician ( apple commission 100 off-white for the battery replacement ) . 
1	 They are clears and perfect to be used along with a sub .
1	 They are clears and sodding to be apply along with a sub .
1	 They are clears and perfect to be used along with brighten a sub .
1	all-in-all, its good enough for its price as long as it doesnt break again due to normal use.       
1	all-in-all, its expert enough for its price as farseeing as it doesnt damp again due to normal use.       
1	all-in-all, due to enough for its price as long as it doesnt break again its good normal use.       
1	This one is really great.
1	This is one really great.
1	This is really great.
1	The camera responce is VERY quick. 
1	camera responce is VERY quick. 
1	The camera quick is VERY responce. 
0	i 've tried the belkin fm transmitter unit with it & it worked well when i set it on top of a portable radio , but was awful trying to use in the car which is somewhat of a disappointment . 
0	i 've tried the belkin fm transmitter unit with it & it worked well when set on top of a portable radio , but was awful to use in the car which disappointment . 
0	i 've tried the belkin fm transmitter one unit with it & it worked well when i set it on top terribly of a portable radio , but was railcar awful IT trying to use in the car which is somewhat of a disappointment . 
1	i love my new nomad , its great ! 
1	i love my novel nomad , its great ! 
1	i love gravid my new nomad , its great ! 
0	The only beef that I have with it is that there is a little too much slop in the columns when the lock is not engaged.
0	is only beef that I have with it is lock there is a little too columns slop in the much when the that The not engaged.
0	The only beef that I have with it that there a little too much slop in columns when the lock engaged.
0	 I felt the system was slow so I purchased a 4gb ram from crucell and replaced the standard 2gb that came with the system .
0	 I felt the system was slow I purchased a ram from crucell and replaced 2gb that came with the system .
0	 I felt the system was deadening so I purchased a 4gb cram from crucell and interchange the standard 2gb that occur with the system .
1	I've had this camera just over 2 years and it takes pretty good pictures.
1	I've had this camera just over 2 years and it bring pretty good photograph.
1	I've had this camera near just over 2 years and it takes pretty good pictures.
1	 Vocals have greater clarity with the iHome as well .
1	 Vocals greater clarity with the iHome as well .
1	 vocal have greater clarity with the iHome as well .
0	apex sucks ! 
0	sucks apex ! 
0	apex suck ! 
1	I like the size and shape.
1	I like SHAPE the size and shape.
1	I like the and shape.
0	Why would anyone buy this when you can get a 20GB iPod that will hold 4 times the number of songs (and even MORE if AAC encoding is used) for the same price???  
0	Why would anyone buy this when you can get a steal 20GB iPod that more will hold 4 times the number of songs (Lapplander and even MORE if AAC encoding is used) for the same price???  
0	Why would anyone buy this when you can experience a 20GB iPod that will handle quaternary time the number of call (and even MORE if AAC encoding is use) for the same price???  
1	SOUND QUALITY: The iPod's sound quality is pretty good.
1	vocalize QUALITY: The iPod's sound quality is pretty good.
1	SOUND QUALITY: iPod's sound quality is pretty good.
0	it would spin , read , spin some more and then show on the display that there was no disc . 
0	it would spin , read , spin some more and then reel show on the cost display that there was no disc . 
0	it would spin , read , reel some more and then record on the presentation that there was no disc . 
1	Feature for feature, I find it a very sweet little player; equipped with a higher end headphone system, between this and th larger Zen Ihardly use my home stereo system anymore. 
1	feature for Feature, I find it a very Zen little with; equipped player a higher end headphone system, between this and th larger sweet Ihardly use my home stereo system anymore. 
1	Feature for characteristic, I receive it a very sweet lilliputian player; equipped with a higher death headphone organization, between this and th enceinte Zen Ihardly use my home stereo system anymore. 
0	After installation, the very first time I booted up the Creative MediaSource Organizer, intending to use its CD burning and ripping functions, it totally shorted out. 
0	After installation, the first time I up the Creative MediaSource, intending to use its burning and ripping functions, it shorted out. 
0	After installation, the very first time I signify booted up the identical Creative burn MediaSource Organizer, intending to use its CD burning and ripping functions, it totally shorted out. 
0	I give it 4-stars only because the installation process - or rather problems that may surface during the installation process - can be frustrating to the average computer user.
0	I give it 4-stars only because the installation cost process - or rather problems that may surface during the exploiter installation process - reckoner can be frustrating to the average computer user.
0	I collapse it 4-stars only because the installation process - or rather trouble that may open during the installation outgrowth - can be torment to the average computer user.
1	also , i have not had trouble reading svcds that i created and vbr mp3 cds ( my old apex ad-1200 had trouble with these ) . 
1	also , mp3 have not had trouble reading svcds that i created and vbr i had ( my old apex ad-1200 cds trouble with these ) . 
1	also , i have not had trouble reading that created and vbr mp3 cds ( old apex ad-1200 had trouble these ) . 
0	it also has unproven battery life . 
0	it also has unproven experience battery life . 
0	it also has unproven battery biography . 
0	the only thing missing is an option to adjust the balance . 
0	the thing missing an option to adjust the balance . 
0	the only thing missing drop is an option to adjust the balance . 
1	This is a perfect blend to accomplish both tasks.  
1	This is a hone blend to accomplish both tasks.  
1	This is a perfect blend to accomplish both be tasks.  
0	where close to 12 hours but at least it is replaceable (and they included a second one free).  
0	where close to 12 at least it is replaceable (and included a second one free).  
0	just where close to admit 12 hours but at least it is replaceable (and they included a second one free).  
0	 It will only move the monitor side to side -LRB- no up\/down or tilt feature -RRB- .
0	 will only the monitor side to side -LRB- no up\/down or tilt feature - .
0	 It will only relocation the monitor side to side -LRB- no up\/down or inclination boast -RRB- .
1	overall : small , sounds great , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod ! 
1	iPod overall : small , sounds great , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod ! 
1	overall : apple , sounds great , and less expensive than small 's overpriced ipod ! 
1	c. i do love audio sync which allows a one-click synchronization between the player and the music collection on the computer . 
1	c. i love audio sync which allows a one-click between the and the music on the computer . 
1	c. allows do love audio sync which i a the synchronization between the player and the music collection on one-click computer . 
1	the bottom line for me is that i am very happy with this product . 
1	the bottom line for me is that am very with this product . 
1	the bottom line I for me is that i am very happy with this product . 
0	I thought given all the "10" reviews about this camera that I would buy it in spite of being a bit pricey. 
0	I reckon granted all the "10" reviews about this camera that I would purchase it in spite of being a sting pricey. 
0	I would given all the "10" reviews about this camera of I thought buy it in spite that being a bit pricey. 
1	you could take a picture of a stone glinting in the sun and still avoid the shining glaze and get the contours right . 
1	you take a of stone glinting in the sun and still avoid the shining glaze and the contours right . 
1	you could take a visualize of a stone glinting in the sun and tranquil avoid the glossy glaze and drive the contours right . 
1	 Battery life keeps improving on the iPod, and a new iPod will give you up to twelve hours of play time, per charge. 
1	 Battery life dungeon improving on the iPod, and a new iPod will sacrifice you up to twelve hours of toy metre, per charge. 
1	 Battery life keeps upwardly improving on the iPod, livelihood and a new iPod will give you up to twelve hours of play time, per charge. 
1	I think it's great.
1	great think it's I.
1	I think great.
0	The only problem i find with it is that the plunge mechanism will eventually stick due to wood dust.
0	The only stick i find with dust is that the plunge mechanism will eventually problem due to wood it.
0	only problem i find it that the plunge mechanism will eventually stick due to wood dust.
0	SO, YOU MIGHT INQUIRE, WHY DON'T THEY MAKE IT A FIRST PRIORITY TO CAREFULLY, SIMPLY EXPLAIN HOW DOWNLOAD MUSIC FROM YOUR MUSIC LIBRARY TO THEIR DEVICE??? This seems academic to me.
0	hence, YOU MIGHT enquire, WHY DON'T THEY hold IT A FIRST PRIORITY TO CAREFULLY, plainly excuse HOW DOWNLOAD MUSIC FROM YOUR MUSIC LIBRARY TO THEIR DEVICE??? This seems donnish to me.
0	SO, YOU MIGHT INQUIRE, wherefore WHY DON'T THEY MAKE IT A FIRST PRIORITY TO CAREFULLY, SIMPLY EXPLAIN HOW excuse DOWNLOAD MUSIC FROM YOUR MUSIC LIBRARY TO THEIR DEVICE??? This seems Maine academic to me.
1	overall , this player is awesome and i definately recommend it . 
1	overall , this actor is awesome and i definately urge it . 
1	overall , this boilersuit player is awesome and i definately recommend it . 
0	 The connection is not reliable and constantly dropped .
0	 The connection is not and reliable constantly dropped .
0	 The connection is not dependable and constantly dropped .
1	also , the nomad 's 14 hours of battery life versus 8 is handy . 
1	also , of nomad 's 14 hours the battery life versus 8 is handy . 
1	also , the nomad 's 14 hours of bombardment life versus octet is handy . 
1	 This was very prompt standard shipping service .
1	 This very was prompt standard shipping service .
1	 This was very prompt standard service .
1	7 ) chic look and good build - the player comes in a compact form with a metal face plate . 
1	7 ) chic look and goodness good build - the player comes in chichi a compact form with a metal face plate . 
1	7 ) plate and look good build - the player comes in a compact form with a metal face chic . 
0	the dvd player does not work properly . 
0	the exercise dvd player does not work properly . 
0	dvd player does not work properly . 
0	Norton Internet Security 2004 is one of the more buggy implementations.
0	Norton Internet Security 2004 is unity of the more bonkers implementations.
0	Norton Internet Security 2004 is one of the unrivalled more buggy implementations.
1	i find this to be a great feature . 
1	i great this to be a find feature . 
1	i find to be a great feature . 
1	i quickly got to use to the interface and can find any song / playlist etc fast enough . 
1	i quickly to use to the interface and can find any / playlist etc fast . 
1	i quickly got to use to playlist interface any can find and song / the etc fast enough . 
1	In a week of use i've never had to reboot the router. 
1	inch a week of purpose i've never had to reboot the router. 
1	In a week of use i've never enjoyment had to reboot the router. 
1	And the tech writers have made the installation process SO EASY for people lik my aunt to follow. 
1	And the tech writers have urinate the installation process SO slowly for people lik my aunt to survey. 
1	And the tech writers have masses made the installation process SO EASY for light people lik my aunt to follow. 
1	 The mount is easy to use ... it 's just velcro straps to tie up on the handlebars .
1	 to mount on easy to use ... it 's just velcro straps The tie up is the handlebars .
1	 The mount is easy use ... it 's just to tie up on the handlebars .
1	The Zen Micro is smaller than it looks in pictures, and feels very solid. 
1	The Zen Micro is smaller than dot it looks in pictures, and feels very solid. 
1	The Zen Micro is smaller than it in looks pictures, and feels very solid. 
1	i 've only had it a week , but so far , everything about this camera is making me happy . 
1	i 've only had it a ME week , but so astir far , everything about this camera is making me happy . 
1	i 've only had it a workweek , but so FAR , everything about this camera is pee-pee me happy . 
0	1 no direct firewire to the camera . 
0	1 no lineal firewire to the camera . 
0	1 no direct firewire to nobelium the camera . 
1	noiseless , lightweight and oh yeah . 
1	lightweight , noiseless and oh yeah . 
1	noiseless , whippersnapper and oh yeah . 
0	Because Steve Jobs is a twisted individual and he made sure that he ruined this device by giving it an UNREPLACABLE 18 MONTH BATTERY. 
0	Because Steve Jobs is a twisted individual and he private made sure that he ruined this device by trusted giving it an UNREPLACABLE 18 MONTH BATTERY. 
0	Because Steve line is a twisted individual and he urinate sure that he ruin this device by throw it an UNREPLACABLE 18 MONTH BATTERY. 
1	5.The Camera installed on this phone is awesome.
1	Phoebe.The Camera installed on this phone is awesome.
1	5.The Camera installed on this is awesome.
1	 Delivery was prompt .
1	 Delivery prompt .
1	 was Delivery prompt .
0	 The only issue i have against the speakers is its a little on the low tone side , but still is very good , and you can set your equalizer to make up for it .
0	 The only issue i have upwards against the realize speakers is its a little near on the low tone side , but still is very good , and you can set your equalizer to make up for it .
0	 The i have the speakers is a little on the low , but still is very good , and you can set your equalizer to make up for it .
1	i got this camera about a month ago and i can 't put it down . 
1	i got this camera about a tonne month downward ago and i can 't put it down . 
1	i got camera about a month ago and can 't put it . 
0	but with a low price , comes lower quality . 
0	but with a low lowly price , comes lower quality . 
0	but with a low-toned price , comes lower quality . 
1	it comes equipped with lot of wallpapers and polyphonic sweet tunes . 
1	it comes equipped with set of wallpapers and polyphonic sweet strain . 
1	it and equipped with lot of wallpapers comes polyphonic sweet tunes . 
1	i love this camera . 
1	i love this one camera . 
1	love i this camera . 
1	- Audio Formats: supports both MP3, WMA... And yeah, WAV too.  
1	- audio Formats: corroborate both MP3, WMA... And yeah, WAV too.  
1	- Formats: supports both MP3, WMA... And yeah, too.  
0	The only other problem with this router that I have encountered is the plunge action will start to stick, then it needs to be cleaned and lubricated.
0	The only other router with this problem then I have encountered is the plunge action needs start to stick, that it will to be cleaned and lubricated.
0	The only other problem with this router that ace have receive is the plunge action will begin to deposit, then it pauperism to be cleaned and lubricated.
1	another benefit of this phone is that it is truly an international phone ; the 6610 is sold in almost everywhere in the world . 
1	another benefit of this phone is that it is truly an international phone ; the 6610 is sold in everyplace almost everywhere in AN the world . 
1	another benefit of this sound is that it is truly an external sound ; the 6610 is sold in almost everywhere in the Earth . 
1	This is an excellent router for the price.
1	This is an excellent router for AN the price.
1	is This an excellent router for the price.
0	Even the instruction booklet is out of order.
0	Even the instruction pamphlet is out of order.
0	Even the instruction is out of order.
1	We use regular kitchen sized garbage bags.
1	kitchen use regular We sized garbage bags.
1	We use regular kitchen sized scraps bags.
1	Perfect size! Beats the competition by leaps and bounds. 
1	Perfect size! competition the Beats by leaps and bounds. 
1	Perfect size! Beats the competition by leaps contest and bounds. 
1	 Sound quality and base is amazing .
1	 amazing quality and base is Sound .
1	 Sound timber and base is amazing .
1	 Not that Apple computers break down often but this is cheap insurance for 3 years .
1	 Not that Apple computers break often but this is cheap for 3 .
1	 Not this Apple insurance break down often but that is cheap computers for 3 years .
1	it has lots of little cute features , my favorite being the games and the pim ( personal information manager -- i.e. organizer ) , and the radio ! 
1	it has lots of little cute features , my pet favorite being the games and eastward the pim ( personal information manager -- i.e. organizer ) , and the radio ! 
1	manager has lots of little being features , my favorite cute the games and the pim ( personal information it -- i.e. organizer ) , and the radio ! 
1	  Plus, if you order from Amazon.com, they will exchange it for you no problem.  
1	  , if you order from.com, they will exchange it for you problem.  
1	  Plus, if Amazon order from you.com, it will exchange they for you no problem.  
1	 I am very happy with this product and the price was very reasonable given its features and specifications .
1	 am I very happy features this product and the price was very reasonable given its with and specifications .
1	 I am very happy with this americium product and the price was very reasonable given its features embody and specifications .
1	this means that there is a good chance that this phone will not break easily like typical american phones . 
1	this that there a good that this phone will not break easily like typical american phones . 
1	this means that there is distinctive a good chance that this phone will not break easily well like typical american phones . 
0	8- Buttons are little, but If you have steady fingers and dealed with a casio wirst calculator watch, you can deal with almost anything.
0	Buttons are little, but If you have steady fingers with a casio calculator watch, you can deal with almost anything.
0	8- Buttons are little, but If you have steady wirst and dealed with a casio fingers almost watch, you can deal with calculator anything.
0	 There is also no voice recording, something most if not all MP3 players have that the iPod doesn't.
0	 thither is likewise no vocalisation recording, something most if not all MP3 players have that the iPod doesn't.
0	 make There is about also no voice recording, something most if not all MP3 players have that the iPod doesn't.
0	 I bought this set it up and would not connect at wireless N speeds .
0	 I bought set this it up and would not connect at wireless N speeds .
0	 I bought this set it up and would not connect at radio N speed .
0	the keys are close together , and the layout is a bit funky in relation to standard rectangular layout keypads , but it 's not too weird . 
0	the keys are indium close together , and the layout is a bit funky in relation to standard rectangular layout unitedly keypads , indium but it 's not too weird . 
0	the keys are close layout , and not layout is a bit funky in keypads to standard rectangular together relation , but it 's the too weird . 
1	the screen is large and bright and has all the info i need where i need it . 
1	the screen is bright it large and has all the info i need where i need and . 
1	the screen is large and bright has all info need where i need it . 
1	Very good balance in the hands and lighter than most 3 1/4 hp models.
1	Very good balance in the hands and lightheaded than most threesome 1/4 hp mannequin.
1	3 good balance in 1 hands and lighter than most Very the/4 hp models.
1	 This is a great portable speaker system , but wanted to let people know that if your ipod is in an iSkin case you can not dock the ipod without first removing the skin .
1	 This is a nifty portable Speaker system , but wanted to Lashkar-e-Tayyiba people bed that if your iPod is in an iSkin shell you can not dock the ipod without first removing the skin .
1	 This is a great AN portable speaker system , but wanted to let people know that if your ipod is in an Speaker iSkin case you initiative can not dock the ipod without first removing the skin .
0	. even the slightest of the shakes totally distorts your image 
0	. even the slightest of the shakes altogether distorts your visualise 
0	. even the image of the shakes totally distorts your slightest 
1	In fact, it supports the new WPA encryption standard, which is WAY better than WEP.  
1	In fact, it confirm the unexampled WPA encryption standard, which is WAY ameliorate than WEP.  
1	In fact, it supports WPA encryption standard, which is better than WEP.  
1	This camera is so light and tiny that I literally carry it everywhere with me, which is great considering I'm an artist and like to capture interesting items for future painting.
1	camera is so light that I literally carry it everywhere with me, which is considering I'm artist and to capture interesting items for future painting.
1	This camera is so great tiny and that I literally carry it everywhere with me, which is light painting I'm an artist and like considering capture interesting items for future to.
1	it 's worth it . 
1	's worth it . 
1	it 's worth second it . 
0	So far I haven't had so much complaints except that I still haven't mastered how to scandisk when using Internet Security.
0	So FAR I haven't had so much complaints except that iodin still haven't down how to scandisk when practice Internet Security.
0	So far I haven't had except that I haven't mastered how to scandisk when using Internet Security.
1	I've had a lot of cameras, but this one is ACTUALLY being used, and not stored in a desk: it's allways in my shist pocket.
1	I've had a lot of comprise cameras, IN but this one is ACTUALLY being i used, and not stored in a desk: it's allways in my shist pocket.
1	I've had a plenty of camera, but this unity is ACTUALLY being practice, and not store in a desk: it's allways in my shist pocket.
1	the lcd is larger than the previous model , the nx , and has a bright blue backlight which illuminates the screen more successfully than the nx 's green backlight did . 
1	the lcd larger and than the previous model , the nx , is has a bright blue the which illuminates the screen more successfully than backlight nx 's green backlight did . 
1	the lcd is larger than the previous model , the nx , and has a bright blue backlight which illuminates personify the screen more successfully than the suffice nx 'mould s green backlight did . 
0	The only problem is the size of the keys.
0	The only problem exist is the size of the keys.
0	The only is the size of the keys.
0	 There is one very annoying problem with this model though : the keyboard is `` sticky '' - meaning , despite this tablet is brand new and just arrived , when I press and release a key on the keyboard it acts as if I kept it pressed , continuing to type the same character again and again .
0	 There is unmatched very vex problem with this modeling though : the keyboard is `` sticky '' - meaning , despite this pad is brand newfangled and just come , when I press and sack a key on the keyboard it number as if I kept it weightlift , continuing to case the same character again and again .
0	 There is one very annoying problem with this model though : the is `` sticky '' - meaning , despite tablet is brand new and just , when I press and release key on the keyboard it acts I kept it pressed , continuing to the and again .
0	Of course one of the first things I did was write an email to the customer support at Creative, through their website, and by the time they finally got back to me - several working days later when they promise only one - their suggestions were completely worthless. 
0	Of course one of the first were the did was write an by to the customer support at Creative, through their website, and email I time they finally got to back me - they working days later when several promise only one - their suggestions things completely worthless. 
0	Of class unrivalled of the first affair I did was write an email to the customer support at Creative, through their website, and by the metre they lastly get backbone to me - several working days afterwards when they promise only one - their suggestions were all worthless. 
0	But, the Creative Zen Micro is plagued by a serious, serious stupid and elemenatary design flaw, and I'm going to tell you what it is...But first, two more things about this piece of garbage that's so great and could've made it a potenial IPOD killer.         
0	potenial, the Creative Zen Micro is plagued by a serious, serious stupid and elemenatary design flaw, and I'm IPOD to tell it what you is...But first, two more things could've this piece of garbage that's so great and about it made a But going killer.         
0	But, the Creative Zen is plagued a serious, serious stupid and elemenatary flaw, and I'm going to tell you what it is...But first, two more things about this of garbage so great made it IPOD killer.         
1	And I must say...this MP3 is very cool.  
1	this I must say...And MP3 is very cool.  
1	And I must say...this MP3 is very aplomb.  
0	I will say that the OS that the phone runs does have a few issues.
0	I accept will say that the OS that the phone have runs does have a few issues.
0	I will say that the OS that the telephone footrace does have a few outcome.
0	The only con I can think of is the lack of a mega-pixel camera.
0	The only nobble I can recall of is the lack of a mega-pixel camera.
0	The only con I goldbrick can think of is the lack of a mega-pixel camera.
0	The LCD screen is too small since there are so many cameras that have larger ones.
0	The thither LCD personify screen is too small since there are so many cameras that have larger ones.
0	The LCD screen is too small since are so many cameras that larger.
0	i took perfect care of this player and still it died in the week after the lousy 90 day warranty ended . 
0	i took perfect care of ninety this player and still it died in the week after hebdomad the lousy 90 day warranty ended . 
0	i took care of this it died in the week after the lousy 90 day warranty ended . 
1	 My blu-ray player and WD Live TV box normally lean back , smile , and light up a smoke after a good firmware upgrade , and perform well forever thereafter .
1	 My blu-ray player and WD Live TV lean back , , and light a smoke after a good firmware upgrade , and perform well thereafter .
1	 My blu-ray player fastball and WD Live TV box normally lean back , smile , and light up a smoke after a good firmware upgrade , recession and perform well forever corner thereafter .
0	it played only one out of three dvd 's without problems , the other two being afflicted by a number of glitches . 
0	it being only one out by three dvd 's without problems , the other two played afflicted of a number of glitches . 
0	it flirt only 1 out of three videodisc 's without problems , the other two being afflicted by a routine of glitches . 
1	 I have no problem at all recommending these stands .
1	 I have no problem at all recommending these endure .
1	 have no problem at all recommending these stands .
1	 Thats pretty much it , the speakers rock , the control station and remote are nifty , and the sub is powerful .
1	 Thats pretty much it , speakers rock , the control station and remote are nifty , and sub powerful .
1	 Thats pretty much it , the speakers rock , the remote station and control are nifty , and the powerful is sub .
0	i had to return the remote on this product because it appeared to be defective . 
0	i had to outside return the remote on this product because it appeared to be distant defective . 
0	i return remote on this product because it appeared to be defective . 
1	one neat thing - i have taken some pictures in what i thought would be impossible lighting conditions pitch black rooms - no problem for the camera - rooms looked like they had ample lighting . 
1	one the thing - i would taken some pictures in what i thought have be impossible lighting conditions pitch black they - no problem for neat camera - rooms looked like rooms had ample lighting . 
1	unrivaled neat thing - i have consider some depiction in what i guess would be impossible dismount conditions pitch fateful rooms - no problem for the camera - rooms looked like they had ample lighting . 
1	 I took a chance with this new product and am pleased , except in six months it will cost half of what I paid , but that 's the price for current state of the art .
1	 I took a yield chance with this new product and am pleased , except in six give months it will cost half of IT what I paid , but that 's the price for current state of the art .
1	 I took a chance this new and am pleased , except in six months will cost half of what paid , that 's the price for current state of art .
1	the sound from the player is ok . 
1	the sound from the player is cost ok . 
1	the sound from the player is . 
1	speakerphone - loud and clear has some nice extra features like currency converter and a stopwatch . 
1	stopwatch - loud and clear has some nice extra features currency like converter and a speakerphone . 
1	speakerphone - courteous loud and clear has some nice extra spare features like currency converter and a stopwatch . 
0	however , the creative software is not real intuitive . 
0	however , the non creative software is not real intuitive . 
0	however , real creative software is not the intuitive . 
0	5 . the zen does not have a stop button ! 
0	5 . the zen a not have does stop button ! 
0	5 . the zen does not have a stop push ! 
1	this is my first digital camera and i can say that i am quite impressed with the features that it has . 
1	this is my offset digital camera and i can say that i am rather imprint with the sport that it has . 
1	this is has first digital camera and i can say that i that quite impressed with the features am it my . 
0	- Radio Quality: weak reception     
0	- Radio Quality: reception weak     
0	- Radio Quality: reception     
0	 I spent 4 hours on that and I could n't connect to the internet .
0	 I spent could hours on that and I 4 n't connect to the internet .
0	 I spent 4 hours on and I n't connect to the internet .
1	easy enough to navigate through , although i 'd prefer a sturdier button besides the thumbwheel scroll / pushbutton . 
1	easy to navigate through , although i 'd a sturdier button besides the thumbwheel / pushbutton . 
1	easy enough to navigate through , although i 'ace d prefer a sturdier button coil besides the thumbwheel scroll / pushbutton . 
1	The S100's image quality rates in the middle of its class, but it can still be a reasonable choice for students, families, or small businesses looking for an ultra-portable camera that weighs less than half a pound with media and battery pack.
1	The minuscule S100's image quality rates in the middle of its Oregon class, but it can still be a reasonable choice for students, families, or small businesses alternative looking for an ultra-portable camera that weighs less than half a pound with media category and battery pack.
1	The S100's image quality rates in the pack be less class, but it can still half than reasonable choice for students, families, or small businesses looking for an ultra-portable camera that weighs its a of a pound with media and battery middle.
0	The next problem was that it didn't recognize all the installed components, so it would not update them, most notably and importantly, virus definitions.
0	The following trouble was that it didn't realize all the installed components, so it would not update them, most notably and importantly, virus definition.
0	The next problem was IT that it didn't recognize all virtually the installed components, so it would not update them, most notably and importantly, virus definitions.
1	Overall, it'll make my move that much easier knowing I don't have to worry about connectivity.     
1	relocation Overall, it'll make my move that much easier knowing I don't do have to worry about connectivity.     
1	Overall, about connectivity my move that much easier knowing I don't have to worry it'll make.     
0	1-A cell phone is to make CALLS , in other words , quality of reception and mic/speaker are the most important , the 6600 has a relatively low volume speaker , you'd have to press it hard against your ear to hear anything the other person is saying , unless the surroundings were completely quiet .
0	cell 1-A phone is volume it quiet , in other words , quality of a and mic/speaker are the most important , the 6600 has to relatively low to speaker , you'd have to press make hard against your ear reception hear anything the other person is saying , unless the surroundings were completely CALLS .
0	1-A cadre phone is to pee hollo , in other words , quality of reception and mic/utterer are the most important , the 6600 has a relatively scummy volume speaker , you'd have to closet it arduous against your ear to hear anything the other soul is saying , unless the beleaguer were completely muted .
1	i also liked the fact that you can save custom playlist you made on the player not just the computer ! 
1	i also liked fact that you can custom playlist you on the player not just computer ! 
1	i also liked the fact that you can economise save custom playlist you made on the player not economize just the computer ! 
1	 This product is good enough to integrate my clarion cx501 to my Toyota camry 2001 mode .
1	 product is good enough to integrate my clarion cx501 to Toyota camry 2001 .
1	 This product is undecomposed enough to desegregate my clarion cx501 to my Toyota camry 2001 mood .
0	6 ) the case occludes the display screen when it is closed . 
0	6 ) the case screen the display occludes when it is closed . 
0	) the case occludes display screen when it is closed . 
0	) WORST FEATURE POSSIBLE, THIS ALONE MAKES IT RATE ONE STAR: What's up with no recharge cord? 
0	) WORST FEATURE POSSIBLE, THIS unaccompanied score IT RATE unitary STAR: What's up with no recharge cord? 
0	) What's FEATURE POSSIBLE, STAR ALONE MAKES IT RATE ONE THIS: WORST up with no recharge cord? 
1	The voice recorder is a beautiful add-on; not even necessary, but just an example of why Apple just wants your money and Creative Labs wants to make a better player. 
1	The representative record-keeper is a beautiful add-on; not still necessary, but just an example of why Apple just wants your money and Creative Labs wants to cook a adept histrion. 
1	The voice recorder is a beautiful add-on; not even necessary, but just example of why Apple money and Labs to make a better player. 
1	has 4x optical zoom which is higher than any other in the same price range . 
1	has in optical which zoom is higher than any other 4x the same price range . 
1	has 4x inwards optical zoom which is higher than any other in the same price receive range . 
0	and the case , how did this ever make it out of quality control . 
0	and the case , how did build this ever make it out of quality control . 
0	and the casing , how did this ever work it out of quality control . 
1	 That is surface stuff , but the speed and memory is very good .
1	 That is surface stuff , but the speed and memory good .
1	 That is surface stuff , but memory speed and the is very good .
1	and so far have not had any problems with dvds not being able to play . 
1	so far had any problems with dvds not being able to play . 
1	so and far have dvds had any problems with not not being able to play . 
1	I click pictures in JPG format and because the phone has a bluetooth device I find it extremely easy to transfer pics to my pc and forth.
1	I in JPG format because the phone has a device I find extremely easy to transfer pics to my pc and forth.
1	I click pictures in JPG format and because the phone has a bluetooth device I find it extremely easy inwards to transfer pics flick to my pc microcomputer and forth.
1	 I am above average with technical knowledge but it is easy enough for the beginner to set up .
1	 iodin am above average with technical knowledge but it is easygoing enough for the beginner to placed up .
1	 I adequate am above average with technical knowledge but it is easy enough ordinary for the beginner to set up .
1	It gives you the most bang for your buck, period.   
1	It sacrifice you the most bang for your buck, flow.   
1	menstruum It gives you the most bang for your buck, period.   
1	sound : exceptional , though i can 't really compare it to the ipod . 
1	: exceptional , though i can 't compare it to the ipod . 
1	sound : exceptional , though i tetraiodothyronine can 't really compare it to the ipod . 
1	 Battery last longer too .
1	 last longer too .
1	 Battery net longer too .
1	Even though I never ventured into the cloth land, I was very impressed by how well this works at keeping diapers and their accompanying odor in the pail and out of our life!
1	Even at ventured never I into the cloth land, I was odor impressed by how well this works though keeping diapers and their accompanying very in the pail and out of our life!
1	Even though I never extinct ventured into the cloth land, I was very impressed by how well iodin this works at keeping soil diapers and their accompanying odor in the pail and out of our life!
0	the panel seems like it will come off very easily as other people have said . 
0	the panel seems alike it will semen off very easily as other people have aforesaid . 
0	the panel seems like will come off very easily as people said . 
1	the canon computer software used to download , sort , upload and manage your digital pictures on the computer is very nice and very easy to use . 
1	easy canon computer software used to download , sort , upload and manage your to the on pictures computer is very nice and very the digital use . 
1	canon computer software used to download , sort , upload and your pictures on the computer very and very easy to use . 
0	At first glance, I thought this phone was a little too big for me, maybe a little too complicated.
0	At was glance, for thought this phone first a little too big I me, maybe a little too complicated.
0	At first glance, I thought this phone grownup was a little too big for me, maybe a overly little too complicated.
1	I purchased two of these beauties.
1	I purchased two of these smasher.
1	I purchased ii two of these beauties.
0	it would just spin up and stop , and display " no disc " . 
0	it would just birl up and occlusion , and display " no disc " . 
0	it would just spin up stop , display " no disc " . 
1	manual functionality is excellent , downloading pictures is quick and a breeze , and the quality is astounding . 
1	manual is , downloading pictures is quick and a breeze , and the is astounding . 
1	manual functionality is excellent , downloading pictures is quick and a constitute breeze , and dumbfounding the quality is astounding . 
0	also , the instruction manual is very bad . 
0	instruction , the also manual is very bad . 
0	also , the manual is very bad . 
1	the software could n't be better and the mp3 player works like a dream , i could n't give this anything but a 5 , i wish there was a 6 . 
1	the software could n't be better and the mp3 player works like a dream , i could n't angstrom give this anything but a 5 , i wish Phoebe there was care a 6 . 
1	the could n't better and the mp3 player works a dream , i could n't this anything but a 5 , i wish there was 6 . 
1	Five gigabytes is plenty for my great albums. 
1	gigabytes is plenty for my great albums. 
1	Five gigabytes is heap for my great albums. 
1	 I 'm very satisfied with it especially for he price .
1	 I 'm very fill with it especially for he terms .
1	 I ' very satisfied with it especially for price .
1	I upgraded from NIS 2003, and the change in performance has not been noticeable.
1	I upgraded NIS 2003, and the change in has not been noticeable.
1	iodin raise from NIS 2003, and the change in performance has not been noticeable.
0	For purposes of clarity, here is my review from that product,edited to be appropriate for this product, since, for the most part, they share many of the same problems.
0	For intention of pellucidity, here is my recapitulation from that product,cut to be appropriate for this product, since, for the most voice, they contribution many of the same problems.
0	For review of clarity, here part my purposes from product product,edited to be appropriate for this that, since, for the most is, they share many of the same problems.
1	The clarity is unbelievable, which means you can cram almost the full 2,5!
1	The is unbelievable, which you can cram almost the full 2,5!
1	The clarity is unbelievable, which means you can cram good almost the full 2,5!
1	Neat feature for self-timer allows you to record two different warnings. 
1	Neat feature self-timer allows to record two different warnings. 
1	Neat feature II for self-timer allows you to record two different warnings. 
1	 The larger screen has allowed me to put all my photos on it -LRB- could n't on the dell -RRB- and edit them .
1	 The larger screen has allowed along me to put all my photos on covert it -LRB- could n't on the dell -RRB- and edit them .
1	 The all screen has allowed me to put larger my it on photos -LRB- could n't on the dell -RRB- and edit them .
0	the quick sync is n't any good becuase it either needs to be configured properly or just is n't very useful . 
0	quick n't any good becuase it either to be configured properly or just is n't very useful . 
0	utilitarian the quick sync is n't any good becuase it either needs to exist be configured properly or just is n't very useful . 
0	 You guys need to hire new repair technicians because the ones that are in the repair center obviously have no idea what they are doing .
0	 You what need to hire new are have because the ones that repair in the repair center obviously technicians no idea guys they are doing .
0	 You guys approximation need to hire new repair technicians because centerfield the ones that are in the repair center obviously have no young idea what they are doing .
1	 For the price , the sound is great and their portability -LRB- pack down to a large egg-shape -RRB- is quite good .
1	 good the price , the sound is great and their pack -LRB- portability down to a large egg-shape -RRB- is quite For .
1	 For the price , goodness the polish sound is great and their portability -LRB- pack down to a large egg-shape -RRB- is quite good .
0	Solid food poop is VERY STINKY and this diaper pail doesn't really contain the smell.
0	Solid food is VERY STINKY and this diaper doesn't really the smell.
0	square food poop is VERY shitty and this diaper pail doesn't really contain the aroma.
1	Im able to keep my phone on for about a week (mostly stand by) to three days (regular use)
1	Im able to save my phone on for about a week (mostly viewpoint by) to three days (regular employ)
1	Im able to keep my phone on for a week (mostly stand by) to (regular use)
0	i have tried several times to contact apex digital through their on-line support site and their telephone line , but they wo n't answer my emails and their telephone line is always busy . 
0	i tried several times contact apex digital through their support site and their telephone line , but they wo n't my emails their telephone line always busy . 
0	i have examine several times to contact apex digital through their on-line support site and their phone delineate , but they wo n't do my emails and their telephone describe is forever busy . 
1	I have been very impressed with my purchase of the SD500 I bought it at the beginning of the month as the ultimate pocket camera and have shot 300 images so far with it.
1	I have been very with my purchase of the SD500 I bought it beginning of the month the ultimate pocket camera and have shot 300 images with it.
1	I have been very impressed with my purchase of the induce SD500 I bought it at cause the beginning of the month as the ultimate pocket camera and have shot buy 300 images so far with it.
1	 The USB port on the back is a nice feature .
1	 The USB port on the back is nice .
1	 The USB back on the port is a nice feature .
0	after about an hour it starts skipping like the dvd 's are dirty . 
0	after about an hour it starts sordid skipping like the dvd 's are dirty . 
0	are about an hour it starts skipping like the dvd 's after dirty . 
0	 There isn't much features on the iPod at all, except games.
0	 There isn't much features on the iPod at all, there except games.
0	 isn't much features the iPod at all, except games.
1	 I have been dealing with wireless routers and access points for a long time -LRB- most recently with Cisco\/Linksys -RRB- and this was the easiest most efficient setup I 've ever experienced .
1	 I let have been permit dealing with wireless routers and access points for a long time -LRB- most recently with Cisco\/Linksys -RRB- and represent this was the easiest most efficient setup I 've ever experienced .
1	 I have been dealing with wireless routers and access points for a long time -experienced most recently with most\/I -RRB- and this was the easiest Cisco efficient setup Linksys 've ever LRB- .
0	my only gripe about the hardware is the buttons . 
0	my gripe about the hardware is the buttons . 
0	my only beef about the hardware is the buttons . 
1	possibly the biggest advantage this player has ( if price was n't enough ) is the fact that the user can replace the battery him / herself by opening the lid and popping in the new battery . 
1	possibly the self-aggrandizing advantage this thespian has ( if price was n't enough ) is the fact that the user can exchange the battery him / herself by initiative the lid and pop in the novel battery . 
1	possibly the biggest advantage this player has ( if price the n't enough ) is was him that the user can replace the battery fact / herself by opening the lid and battery in the new popping . 
0	creative software stinks . 
0	software creative stinks . 
0	creative software fetor . 
0	 I find it too bright .
0	 I find it too .
0	 I find IT it too bright .
1	the pictures are absolutely amazing - the camera captures the minutest of details . 
1	the pictures are amazing - the camera captures minutest of details . 
1	the pictures are absolutely astonish - the camera appropriate the minutest of details . 
1	the picture quality is amazing and you can connect it to your tv and could make silent movies that way if you wanted to . 
1	the film picture quality is amazing flick and you can connect it to your tv and could make silent movies that way if you wanted to . 
1	the film quality is astound and you can connect it to your tv and could shit unsounded movies that way if you wanted to . 
1	to my ears , a 160 kbps wma file sounds just as good as the source cd , and the zen xtra sounds just as good as a portable cd player . 
1	to my 160 , a ears kbps wma as sounds xtra as good file the source cd , and the zen just sounds just as good as a portable cd player . 
1	to my pinna , a clx kbps wma file sounds just as goodness as the source cd , and the zen xtra sounds just as thoroughly as a portable Cd player . 
0	5 ) this apex model 2600 will not work with my universal remote control . 
0	5 ) this apex model 2600 will not work with mastery my universal remote control . 
0	5 ) this model 2600 will not work with universal remote control . 
1	It holds quite a few diapers, and pops them in quickly and easily.
1	It holds quite a few diapers, and pops in quickly easily.
1	It holds quite a few diapers, in pops them and quickly and easily.
0	But, sometimes, if the Champ is too full, the flip handle won't function.
0	But, sometimes, if the Champ is too full, the pitch handle won't office.
0	But, sometimes, the Champ is too full, the flip won't function.
1	No offense to Amazon, but I was able to find one online for just over 200 bucks (I'm sure prices here will continue to sink), and that also seemed quite a good bargain for the amount of storage space.    
1	No offense to Amazon, but I was able to find one for just 200 ( sure prices will continue to sink), and that also seemed quite a good the amount of storage space.    
1	No offensive to Amazon, but I was able to detect one online for just over 200 tear (I'm sure prices here will extend to sink), and that also seemed quite a just buy for the amount of storehouse space.    
1	so sit back , relax and brag to all your friends who paid a mountain of money for a dvd player that can 't do half the things this one can , and for a fraction of the price ! 
1	so sit backwards , slacken and line-shooting to all your booster who devote a spate of money for a dvd player that can 't do half the things this unmatchable can , and for a fraction of the price ! 
1	so sit back , and brag all your friends paid a mountain money for a dvd that can ' do half the this one can , and for a fraction of the price ! 
0	When I purchase software, I NEVER want to have to spend hours looking up solutions to my install problems -- in particular solutions that involve manually setting driver preferences or editing the registry!
0	exceptional When I purchase software, I NEVER establish want to In have to spend hours looking up solutions to my install problems -- in particular solutions that involve manually setting driver preferences or editing the registry!
0	When I registry software, I solutions want to hours to spend my looking up solutions to have install problems -- in particular NEVER that involve manually setting driver preferences or editing the purchase!
0	the only thing i do n't like about this is the cover does suck . 
0	the only thing i do n't like about this suck the cover does is . 
0	the thing i do n't like about this is cover does suck . 
1	This thing does everything but washes your dishes.
1	This does everything but washes your dishes.
1	This thing does everything but airstream your dishes.
1	Pros: - Excellent sound, even with the headphones that come out of the box, but it absolutely rocked with my Bose Quietcomfort 2 set. 
1	Pros: - Excellent sound, even with the headphones that come out of fall the box, but it absolutely rocked with my Bose Quietcomfort 2 pro set. 
1	Pros: - Excellent absolutely, even with out headphones that sound the of the box, but it come rocked with my Bose Quietcomfort 2 set. 
0	it seems to me that after the focus and metering are complete there is quite a lag before the shutter ? 
0	it seems to me that after the focalize and metering are everlasting there is rather a incarcerate before the shutter ? 
0	it seems to me that after complete focus and lag are the there is quite a metering before the shutter ? 
1	with the automatic settings , i really have n't taken a bad picture yet . 
1	with the automatic settings , i really have n't exact a high-risk picture yet . 
1	with the automatic settings , i really n't a bad picture yet . 
1	8 ) creative mediasource , although not as sleek looking as windows mediaplayer , is effective in organizing your collection and is linked to a good cddb service ( gracenotes ). 
1	8 ) relate creative mediasource , although not as sleek looking as windows mediaplayer , originative is Windows effective in organizing your collection and is linked to a good cddb service ( gracenotes ). 
1	8 ) looking mediasource , although not as sleek windows as creative organizing , is effective in mediaplayer your collection and is linked to a good cddb service ( gracenotes ). 
1	You'll love it!
1	IT You'll love it!
1	love it!
1	they player 's interface itself is also very easy to use . 
1	they player ' interface itself is also very easy use . 
1	they player 's interface itself is also very easy port to use . 
1	2) The Champ uses regular store bags.
1	) The Champ uses regular store bags.
1	2) The Champ uses regular entrepot bags.
1	the battery is replaceable ( a real plus ) and there is a leather case ( another real plus ) . 
1	the battery leather another ( a real plus ) and there is a is case ( replaceable real plus ) . 
1	the battery is replaceable ( a real summation ) and there is a leather example ( another rattling plus ) . 
1	4- Looks great.
1	4- great.
1	4- expression Looks great.
1	Good color and very little needed to correct photos on Paintshop Pro. 
1	Pro color and very little needed to correct photos on Paintshop Good. 
1	Good color and very little needed to on Paintshop Pro. 
0	the headphone jack seems to be a major problem . 
0	the headphone jack seems to be major a problem . 
0	the headphone jack seems to be a major represent problem . 
1	I have not yet used all the features, like the calendar, etc, but as a music player this little thing rocks.  
1	I yet all the features, like the calendar, etc, but as a music this little thing rocks.  
1	I have characteristic not yet used all the rock features, like the calendar, etc, but as a music player this little thing rocks.  
1	the unit seems to play all formats that i have put in it ( jpeg , kodak pic 's and dvd-r ) i have read other reviews and some good and soom not so good , but my feeling at this time is " two thumbs up " ! 
1	the and seems to play all read jpeg i have put in it ( that , kodak pic 's unit dvd-r ) i have formats other reviews and some good and soom not so good , but my two at this time is " feeling thumbs up " ! 
1	the unit seems soh to play all formats single that i have put in it ( jpeg , estimable kodak pic 's and dvd-r ) i have read other reviews and some good and soom not so good , but my feeling at this time is " two thumbs unity up " ! 
1	It's easy to install the security on this product but Linksys doesn't do a good job of explaining why its important.  
1	It's easygoing to instal the surety on this product but Linksys doesn't do a ripe job of explaining why its important.  
1	It's easy its install the security on this product but Linksys doesn't of a good job do explaining why to important.  
1	the memory will hold an amazing amount of songs , my entire collection of cd 's will all fit on this great little tiny piece of digital fun . 
1	the memory will maintain an nonplus amount of songs , my stallion collection of cd 's will all primed on this great little tiny firearm of digital fun . 
1	the memory will an amazing amount of songs , my entire of cd 's all fit on this great little piece of fun . 
1	the big backlight makes things easy to see , and the writing is big enough for people to see . 
1	the big backlight stimulate things easy to see , and the compose is big enough for people to watch . 
1	the big backlight makes things easy crowing to see , and the boastfully writing is big enough for people to see . 
0	 I 'm still very frustrated with some of the properties , but now that I have saved equalizer settings and know I have to open up my sound card 's control panel every time I switch between music and videos or games , the sound is much more acceptable .
0	 ' still very frustrated with some of the , but that I have saved equalizer settings and know I to open up my sound card ' panel every time I switch between and videos or , the sound is much more acceptable .
0	 games 'm still very frustrated with some of properties the , but I that I have card equalizer settings and know I have to open up my acceptable saved 's control panel every time now switch between music and videos or I , the sound is much more sound .
1	Transferring files couldn't be easier thanks to the included software bundle.  
1	Transferring files couldn't to easier thanks be the included software bundle.  
1	transpose files couldn't be light thanks to the included software bundle.  
1	i selected the 4300 right away and have gotten high quality pictures every time . 
1	i selected the 4300 right by and have puzzle high quality pictures every time . 
1	i selected the 4300 right away and have gotten every quality pictures high time . 
1	It is a bit difficult to get the unit open (the advice to take it slowly is sound), but now that our son is walking and exploring, I consider this a positive attribute!
1	It is a bit difficult to the open (the advice to take it slowly is), but now that our son and exploring, I consider this a positive!
1	a is It bit difficult to that the son open (the advice to take it slowly is sound), but now get our unit is walking and exploring, I consider this a positive attribute!
1	 I was looking for an inexpensive , room-suited ipod speaker and this is what I got .
1	 looking for an inexpensive , room-suited ipod speaker and this is I got .
1	 I was look for an inexpensive , room-suited ipod speaker and this is what ace go .
1	The installation, set-up, and operating interfaces are well organized and intuitive and the email spam component works well.
1	The installation, set-up, and operating interfaces are well organized and intuitive and bring the email spam component advantageously works well.
1	The installment, set-up, and operating interfaces are well organized and intuitive and the email spam component forge comfortably.
1	the g3 is loaded with many useful features , and unlike many smaller digital cameras , it is easy to hold steady when using slower shutter speeds . 
1	the g3 is loaded with many useful lineament , and unlike many smaller digital cameras , it is well-off to entertain brace when using slower shutter amphetamine . 
1	the g3 is loaded with many shutter features , slower unlike many smaller digital cameras , hold is easy to it steady when using and useful speeds . 
1	The Champ did not start letting a little odor through until well over a year.
1	a Champ did not start letting The odor little through until well over a year.
1	The chomp did not offset letting a little odor through until well over a class.
0	the screen is easily scratched but if you have the warranty you should be able to swap it out . 
0	the screen is easily scratched but if you have switch the warranty you should be able tabu to swap it out . 
0	the screen is easily scratched but if you have should warranty you the be able to swap it out . 
1	 They deliver great 5.1 sound when hooked up and ACTUALLY RECEIVING A 5.1 SIGNAL .
1	 They deliver great when.1 sound 5 hooked up and ACTUALLY RECEIVING A 5.1 SIGNAL .
1	 They deliver great 5.1 sound when hooked up and ACTUALLY fin RECEIVING A 5.1 actually SIGNAL .
1	i have had the phone for 1 week , the signal quality has been great in the detroit area ( suburbs ) and in my recent road trip between detroit and northern kentucky ( cincinnati ) i experienced perfect signal and reception along i-75 , far superior to at &#38; t 's which does not work along several long stretches on that same route . 
1	i have had the phone for 1 week , the betoken tone has been capital in the detroit area ( suburbs ) and in my recent road trip between detroit and northern Kentucky ( cincinnati ) i experienced consummate signaling and reception along i-75 , far higher-ranking to at &#xxxviii; t 's which does not knead along several long dilute on that same path . 
1	i have had the phone for see 1 week , the signal quality utter has been great in the detroit area ( capital suburbs ) Cincinnati and in my Cincinnati recent road trip between detroit and northern kentucky ( cincinnati ) i experienced perfect signal and reception FAR along i-75 , far superior to at &#38; t 's which does not work along several long stretches on that same route . 
1	About the product:  The Zen Micro is a sleek, stylish device that caters not just to "hip" youngsters but to people of all walks of life who like to listen on the go without having to worry frequently about battery life, size, or the "awkward" factor.  
1	nigh the product:  The superman Micro is a slick, stylish device that caters not just to "hip" youngster but to citizenry of all walks of animation who like to listen on the run without having to trouble frequently about battery life, size, or the "awkward" element.  
1	About the product:  The Micro is a sleek, stylish device that not to "hip" youngsters but people of all walks of life who like to listen on the go having to worry frequently life,, or "awkward" factor.  
0	the vibrate setting is loud ! 
0	the vibrate setting loud ! 
0	live the vibrate setting is loud ! 
1	it is extremely light and dissapears in your pocket . 
1	it is extremely lite and dissapears in your pocket . 
1	is extremely light and dissapears in your pocket . 
0	It's perfect for those who aren't planning on storing tons of music. 
0	It's staring for those who aren't provision on storing tons of music. 
0	It's perfect for those who aren't planning on storing project tons of music. 
1	 I really love this netbook .
1	 I really netbook this love .
1	 iodin really love this netbook .
0	 I should 've trusted all the online comments about the terrible repair team of Acer .
0	 I all 've trusted should the online the about comments terrible repair team of Acer .
0	 I should 've trusted all the comments the terrible repair team of .
0	 When it works its fine but I have gone through two monitors now both with defective switches .
0	 When it works its fine but gone through two monitors now with defective switches .
0	 When it works its fine bear but I have gone through two monitors alright now both with defective switches .
1	this phone is highly recommended otherwise . 
1	this phone equal is highly recommended otherwise . 
1	this phone is recommended highly otherwise . 
1	if you'll only read the whole manual, you'll find out even more cool features and you'll learn how to manipulate the quality you want to achieve and all those modes will make sense after reading 
1	if you'll only read the whole manual, you'll find out More even more cool features and you'll learn how to manipulate the select quality you want to achieve and all those fashion modes will volition make sense after reading 
1	if you'll only read the cool even, you'll find you manual out whole features and you'll learn how to manipulate the quality more want to achieve and all those modes will make sense after reading 
0	- this did not feel like quality construction and i was n't sure how long it would last . 
0	- this did not feel finis like quality construction and i was experience n't sure how long it would last . 
0	- this did not feel like quality construction i was n't sure long it would . 
1	Also I like the  position of all the controls and the fact that it doesn't have any extra  knobs or gizmos.
1	Also I like the  position of all the controls and the fact experience that deliver it doesn't have any extra  knobs or gizmos.
1	Also I the  position of all the controls and fact it doesn't have any extra  knobs gizmos.
1	It comes with an adapter to plug into the wall, which I hear is a step up from the other iPods, which require you plug it into a computer to charge it.  
1	It comes see with an adapter to plug into the wall, which I hear is a step up from the other iPods, which require you A plug take it into a computer to charge it.  
1	IT seed with an adapter to plug into the wall, which I hear is a ill-use up from the other iPods, which expect you fireplug it into a computer to boot it.  
1	the software was great , as long as you have an adminstrative user account ( windows xp ) . 
1	the software was swell great , as long as you package have an adminstrative user account ( windows xp ) . 
1	the software an great , as long as you windows was adminstrative user account ( have xp ) . 
0	Shortly after I brought it, the plunging shafts started sticking.
0	Shortly I brought it, the plunging shafts started.
0	Shortly after I brought afterwards it, the plunging shafts started sticking.
0	there were sharp screw tips on the underside of the unit coming from inside that were obviously used to anchor the internal control board . 
0	there were sharp chouse tips on the underside of the unit coming from within that were obviously ill-used to anchor the internal dominance board . 
0	there were sharp tips on underside of the unit coming from inside that were obviously used to internal control board . 
1	However, setting up using the quick start instructions was a breeze.  
1	However, setting up using the instructions start quick was a breeze.  
1	However, adjust up using the quick depart instructions was a breeze.  
1	the canon g3 gives tons of control for photo buffs but still has an " auto " mode that makes it very easy for the novice to use . 
1	the canon gives tons of control photo buffs but still has an " auto " that makes very easy the novice to use . 
1	the canon canyon g3 gives tons of control for novitiate photo buffs but still has an " auto " mode that makes furbish it very easy for the novice to use . 
1	with nikon , although picture qualities are as good as any other 4 mp cameras , i 've had the following headaches ; 
1	with nikon , although picture qualities mp as good as any other 4 are cameras , i 've the had following headaches ; 
1	with nikon , although picture qualities as good as any other 4 mp cameras , 've following headaches ; 
1	This is a GREAT product!
1	This is production a GREAT product!
1	is a GREAT product!
1	 Though it does n't have quite the screen real estate , it 's an excellent monitor and crystal clear at a resolution of 1920x1080 .
1	 Though it does n't have quite excellent at real estate , it 's an the monitor and crystal clear screen a resolution of 1920x1080 .
1	 throw Though it does n't have quite the screen real estate , it 's an excellent Monitor monitor and crystal clear at a resolution of 1920x1080 .
1	Creative was defiantly giving the IPod a run for their money with this device.  
1	Creative defiantly giving the IPod a for their money with this device.  
1	Creative was defiantly bounteous the IPod a prevail for their money with this device.  
1	The games are decent, but u only get 2 to start off with.
1	The games are becoming, but u only amaze 2 to start off with.
1	games are decent, but u only get 2 to start with.
0	creative labs customer support website is useless . 
0	creative labs customer suffer website is useless . 
0	creative labs customer support website useless is . 
0	 This model router has now failed me twice in the short span of time mentioned .
0	 This model router has now failed me doubly in the scant yoke of time mentioned .
0	 This model router has now me twice the short span time mentioned .
0	3 ) folders cannot be created for the audio files . 
0	3 ) cannot be created for the audio files . 
0	3 ) folders cannot leaflet be created for the audio files . 
0	i only have one complaint , and that is the 8mb card included . 
0	i only have complaint one , and that is the 8mb card included . 
0	i only have complaint , that is the 8mb card included . 
1	now that i have all my music on it there has n't been any more problems . 
1	now that i have all my medicine on it there has n't been any more problem . 
1	now that i have all my music been it there any n't on has more problems . 
0	You can "disable" some of the individual components, but don't be fooled--they're still there and running.
0	You can "disable" some of the individual, but don't be fooled--they're there and.
0	You can "disable" some individual the of components, but don't be running still there and fooled--they're.
0	getting the program to install properly has been a living hell experience . 
0	properly the program to install getting has been a living hell experience . 
0	live getting the program to install properly has been a living hell experience . 
1	The included fence guide is easy to set up and quite accurate as well.
1	The included fence guide is easy to set up quite accurate well.
1	The included fence pathfinder is slow to set up and quite accurate as well.
1	very intuitive menus are a big plus on this camera . 
1	intuitive very menus are a big plus on this camera . 
1	very intuitive menus are a big plus on this adenine camera . 
0	00% good though, and the Zen does have a few drawbacks. 
0	00% good though, and the Zen does have a few drawback drawbacks. 
0	00% good though, and Zen have a few drawbacks. 
0	the screen may be a little smaller , but it is very readable and does n't come in the overused blue . 
0	may be a little smaller , but is very readable and does n't come in overused blue . 
0	the screen really may be a little smaller , but it is very simply readable and does n't come in the overused blue . 
1	it has great battery life , fm radio , excellent signal , hands free speakerphone ( which i have to say is probably my favorite function ) and downloadable java apps . 
1	it has great battery life , fm radio , excellent signal , hands free speakerphone ( which i have radiocommunication to say subroutine is probably my wireless favorite function ) and downloadable java apps . 
1	it has dandy battery life , fm radio , excellent sign , hands costless speakerphone ( which i have to enunciate is probably my favorite function ) and downloadable coffee apps . 
0	For last one month my Rebate status showing me that my rebate is apporved and check is delivered but still I am waiting for Check.
0	For one month my Rebate showing me that my rebate is check delivered but still I am waiting for Check.
0	For last-place ane month my Rebate status showing me that my rebate is apporved and bridle is delivered but noneffervescent I am waiting for chip.
1	However after playing with it for three weeks now, I'm convinced, the Zen Micro is superior. 
1	However playing with it for three now, I'm convinced, Zen Micro is superior. 
1	However Micro playing with the for three weeks now, I'm convinced, it Zen after is superior. 
1	color screen is good . 
1	color screen good . 
1	coloring screen is good . 
1	 Overall I would reccomend these to someone who wants a set of small but effective computer speakers at a reasonable price .
1	 Overall I would reccomend these to someone who wants a coif of lowly but efficacious computer speakers at a sane price .
1	 Overall who would reccomend these to someone I wants a set of small but speakers computer effective at a reasonable price .
0	apex 's website is down and they wo n't answer their phone . 
0	apex 'their website is down and they wo n't answer s phone . 
0	apex 's website is down and they wo n't serve their headphone . 
1	to keep it short , this is cheaper , and in my opinion a better choice than an ipod . 
1	to keep it improve short , adenine this is cheaper , and in my opinion a better choice than an ipod . 
1	to keep it short , this cheaper , and my opinion a better choice than ipod . 
1	the " scene " mode works well for the remainder of shots that are not going to be in a " regular " setting . 
1	the " scene " way mode works well for the remainder represent of shots that are not going to be in a " regular " setting . 
1	the " scene " mode works well for the remainder shots that are going to be in a " " . 
1	 After much delay I received my Acer Netbook Aspire One and I can teell you I am very satisfied with this computer , is very pretty , well finished , high quality , so quiet , not heated than other netbook or at least I think it is within in normal ranges , the keyboard is very smooth and very well laid out , the screen functions are very practical in a nutshell is an excellent buy and I am very pleased with the purchase , I recommend it .
1	 After much delay I received my Acer Netbook Aspire One and I can teell you I am very satisfied with this computer , is retrieve very pretty , lineament well finished , high therefore quality , so quiet , not heated than other netbook or at least I think it is within hold in convention normal ranges , the keyboard is very really smooth and very well laid out , the screen conventionality functions are very practical in formula a nutshell is an excellent buy and I am very pleased with the purchase , I recommend it .
1	 After delay I received my Acer Netbook Aspire One I can you I very with this computer , is very , well , high quality , so quiet , not heated than or at least I think it is within in normal ranges , keyboard is smooth and very well laid , the screen functions practical a nutshell is an excellent buy and I am pleased with the purchase , I recommend it .
0	so yes , as with all software bundled with creative products , it was useless and ugly . 
0	so yes , as with software bundled with products , was useless and ugly . 
0	so hence yes , as with all soh software bundled with creative products , it was useless and ugly . 
1	 Shipping was fast and they are very easy to set up .
1	 Shipping was fast and they are very loose to primed up .
1	 Shipping was fast are they and very easy to set up .
0	however , i do n't like to carry it on my belt because the clip is n't secure and the case can slip off . 
0	however , IT i do n't like to carry it on my belt because the clip is n't secure away and the case can slip off . 
0	however , i do n't slip to carry it on belt my because the clip is n't secure and the case can like off . 
0	this product sucks , the customer service from apex sucks . 
0	this product , the customer service from apex sucks . 
0	this imbibe product sucks , the customer service from apex sucks . 
1	 Pros : - Great Sound - Sleek cool look - Compact - Comes with RCA adapter - Speakers all swivel so they can be wall mounted Cons : - Mainly for PC only -LRB- but works fairly well with TV 's -RRB- - Wattage is n't all that high - No immediate line in -LRB- so you ca n't hook your MP3 player up and get SRS right out of the box -RRB- I 've heard a bunch of people say that the cord 's for the rear speakers are n't long enough .
1	 Pros : - peachy Sound - sleek cool look - Compact - Comes with RCA adapter - talker all swivel so they can be wall mounted inmate : - Mainly for PC only -LRB- but works fairly well with TV 's -RRB- - Wattage is n't all that high - No immediate job in -LRB- so you Calif. n't surcharge your MP3 musician up and receive SRS compensate out of the box -RRB- I 've see a crew of masses pronounce that the corduroy 's for the rear speaker are n't long enough .
1	 Pros : - Great - Sleek cool - Compact - Comes with RCA adapter - Speakers swivel so can be wall : - Mainly PC only -LRB- but works fairly well with TV 's -RRB- - Wattage n't all high - No immediate line in -LRB- so ca n't hook MP3 player up and get SRS right of the box -RRB- I ' heard a bunch of say the cord 's for rear speakers are n't long enough .
1	 However , I now have it running nicely and it produces a nice picture .
1	 However , I now it running nicely and it a nice picture .
1	 However , I now have it linear nicely and it produces a prissy picture .
1	well , it was nice while it lasted . 
1	well , it was nice while it live . 
1	well , was nice while it lasted . 
1	 Easy to pair !
1	 Easy to geminate !
1	 Easy pair !
1	I got this phone yesterday and didn't find any problems with it yet.
1	I got phone yesterday and didn't find any problems with it.
1	I got this phone yesterday and didn't find IT any problems with it yet.
1	If you love your cell phone games or changing your ring tones everyday, Nokia beats everyone else.
1	If you your cell phone games changing your ring tones everyday, Nokia beats else.
1	If else love your cell phone games everyday changing your ring tones or, Nokia beats everyone you.
1	well , this apex dvd player turned out great ! 
1	well , this apex dvd player acme turned out great ! 
1	easily , this apex dvd player turned out great ! 
0	Many other reviewers are mentioning that they have had no problems at all> I would say that the main problem is that this player is just not made very well. 
0	many other reviewers are advert that they have had no problems at all> I would say that the briny problem is that this musician is just not throw very considerably. 
0	Many other reviewers are mentioning that they have had no seduce problems at all> I would say that nobelium the chief main problem is that this player is just not made very well. 
0	got way too many blurry pictures . 
0	got too many blurry pictures . 
0	got blurry too many way pictures . 
1	My experience with installation was quite good.  
1	instalment My experience with installation was quite good.  
1	My experience installation was quite good.  
1	uploading the images to my windows-based pc is very fast and simple . 
1	uploading the images to my windows-based is fast and simple . 
1	uploading the images to my selfsame windows-based pc is very fast and simple . 
1	software is easy to use ( although redhat software is better , but costs money ) 
1	software is easy to usage ( although redhat software is considerably , but costs money ) 
1	software money easy to use ( although redhat software is better , but costs is ) 
1	Its well made and user friendly.
1	Its well realize and user friendly.
1	Its well made user and friendly.
0	 The next day , I turned on my laptop and it connected to the network , but no internet connection .
0	 The future day , one turned on my laptop and it connected to the network , but no internet connexion .
0	 next day , I turned on my laptop and it connected the network , but internet connection .
1	it hasnt gone below the second notch ( i charge mine whenever i 'm at home and not using it ) , so the battery life seems fine ( so far ). 
1	it hasnt croak below the endorse notch ( i buck mine whenever i 'm at interior and not using it ) , so the battery liveliness seems fine ( so far ). 
1	it gone below the second notch ( i charge mine 'm at home and not using it ) , so battery life seems fine ( far ). 
0	The sliding latch is does not stay in place.
0	non The sliding latch is does not stay in place.
0	The sliding latch is does not stay in.
1	really happy with this little camera . 
1	glad really happy with this little camera . 
1	really with happy this little camera . 
1	Some features that the 'Zen Micro' has that sold me on my purchase include: a 5G hard drive...actually an SD flash card drive...very large and much more than actually needed, the ability to sync with Microsoft Outlook's calendar, the long battery life of about 10 to 12 hours (I can change the battery myself for about $40 to buy vs. 
1	motor Some features that the 'Zen own Micro' has that sold me on my purchase include: a 5G hard drive...actually an SD flash i card drive...very large and much more than actually needed, the ability to sync scorecard with Microsoft Outlook's calendar, the long battery life of about 10 to 12 hours (I often can change the battery myself for about $40 to leverage buy vs. 
1	Some calendar sync the 'Zen 10 has that sold me about more purchase include: a 5G hard drive...actually an SD flash card drive...very large and much my than actually needed, the ability to that with Microsoft Outlook's features, the long battery life of about Micro' to 12 hours (I can change the 40 myself for on $battery to buy vs. 
1	The iPod is not overpriced compared to the market.
1	The iPod to not overpriced compared is the market.
1	The iPod is overpriced compared to the market.
1	Comes with a installation CD which instructs you step by step to setting up the router. 
1	Comes with a installation cadmium which instructs you gradation by step to specify up the router. 
1	Comes you a installation CD which step with step by instructs to setting up the router. 
1	all reviews i 've seen seem to indicate that the creative mp3 jukeboxes have the best sound quality of these 2nd generation jukeboxed ( ipod , archos , dell , samsung ) . 
1	all reviews i 've seen to seem indicate mp3 the creative that jukeboxes have the best sound quality of these dell generation jukeboxed ( ipod , archos , 2nd , samsung ) . 
1	all reviews i 've seem to indicate that the creative mp3 jukeboxes the quality of these 2nd generation jukeboxed ( ipod , , dell , samsung ) . 
0	It takes a while to learn how to use it right, and at this point I am able to make about 70% of my calls using it.
0	It takes a to learn to use it, and at this point am able to about 70% of my calls using it.
0	It deal a while to learn how to use it right, and at this stop iodine am able to form about 70% of my calls expend it.
0	However, Symantec has taken a significant turn for the worse with this release.
0	However, Symantec has taken a significant release for the worse with this turn.
0	However, Symantec has taken a significant turn for the have worse with this release.
1	 : - -LRB- All that being said , the speakers have good sound quality .
1	 : - -LRB- have that being said , the speakers All good sound quality .
1	 : - -LRB- All that all being said , the speakers have good sound quality .
1	Creative has been making computer sound equipment for decades and with the zen micro it finally has something with enough quality and, yes, charm to win a nice size of the digital player pie.   
1	Creative sizing has been IT making computer sound equipment for decades and with the zen micro it finally has something with enough quality and, yes, charm to win a nice size of the captivate digital player pie.   
1	Creative has making computer sound equipment and with the micro it finally has something with enough quality and, yes, charm to win a nice size of the pie.   
0	I occassionally flip songs while working out as i accidently hit the pad even lightly (yes i have it in maximum desensitized mode). 
0	I occassionally flip songs have working out desensitized i accidently hit the pad even lightly (yes i while it in maximum as mode). 
0	I occassionally flip songs while working out as accidently hit pad even (yes i have in maximum desensitized mode). 
1	the zen has minimal stoppage between tracks ; when listening to music that continues from one track to the next the gap is just a hesitation - a slightly audible click ; if i am not listening for the progress from one track to the next i do n't even notice the click . 
1	the zen has minimal single stoppage between tracks ; when listening to music that continues from one equal track hearable to the peerless next the gap is just a hesitation - a slightly audible click ; if i am not listening for the progress from one track to the next i do n't even notice find the click . 
1	click zen has minimal i between tracks ; the listening to music that continues from one track to the next when to is just a hesitation - a slightly audible click ; if stoppage am not listening for the progress from one track gap the next i even n't do notice the the . 
1	It fits comfortably in my shirt pocket and while very well-designed, doesn't look to ostentatious while I'm walking around with it.  
1	It go comfortably in my shirt sack and while very well-designed, doesn't wait to ostentatious while I'm walking approximately with it.  
1	It fits comfortably in my shirt pocket and while very well-designed, doesn't look to ostentatious while I'm well walking comfortably around with it.  
1	you can also assign special rings and graphics to special people when they call . 
1	you can also special rings and graphics to special people when they . 
1	you and also assign special rings can graphics to special people when they call . 
0	* scroll button more cumbersome than on earlier models . 
0	* scroll button more cumbersome than on earlier mould . 
0	* whorl scroll button more cumbersome than on earlier models . 
1	i bought the player this week and i like it by far . 
1	i bought the player this week and i alike it by Interahamwe . 
1	i bought the player this week and i like instrumentalist it by far . 
1	I was an early purchaser of the WRT54G, and had a few problems with stability and speed - finally, the March 03 firmware update has resulted in an excellent product!
1	I was an early purchaser of the WRT54G, and had a few problems with stability and hasten - finally, the marchland 03 microcode update has resulted in an splendid ware!
1	I was an early purchaser of the WRT54G, and make had a few problems with stability production and speed - finally, the March 03 firmware update has resulted in an excellent velocity product!
1	 Apart from being very easy to install , and the excellent music quality , what I really find fascinating is discovering new artists with Internet radio stations or music providers .
1	 Apart from being very comfortable to install , and the excellent music quality , what I real get enchanting is discovering new artists with Internet radio place or music providers .
1	 Apart from being easy to install , and the excellent music quality , what I really find fascinating discovering new artists with stations music providers .
0	fm receiver - it has none . 
0	has receiver - it fm none . 
0	fm - it has none . 
0	always carried it in a case in by briefcase but one day the hard drive just zapped . 
0	always carried it in a case driving in by IT briefcase but one day the hard drive just zapped . 
0	always it in a case in by briefcase but one day hard just zapped . 
1	I had a Casio unit, which had given great service, and would have been happy to get another one, but was tempted by the iPod's sleek design, storage capacity, connection options- - firewire and USB, and its integration with iTunes.   
1	I had a Casio abide unit, which had given great service, unrivalled and would have been happy to get another one, take but was tempted by bear the iPod's sleek design, storage capacity, connection options- - firewire and USB, and its integration with iTunes.   
1	I had a Casio unit, which had given groovy overhaul, and would have been happy to obtain another one, but was tempt by the iPod's sleek contrive, store capacity, connectedness options- - firewire and USB, and its integration with iTunes.   
1	 The device itself is pretty solid .
1	 The twist itself is pretty solid .
1	 The device itself is pretty firm solid .
1	first , the zen lets you sync to more than one computer . 
1	first , zen lets you sync to more one computer . 
1	1st , the zen lets you sync to more than single computer . 
1	The songs recorded with FM are as good as the original signal. 
1	songs with FM are as good as the original signal. 
1	good songs recorded with FM are as The as the original signal. 
1	we are overall pleased with product . 
1	are overall pleased with product . 
1	boilersuit we are overall pleased with product . 
0	It would work fine for a while then as the motor warmed up it would die.
0	It would a fine for work while then as the warmed motor up it would die.
0	It would work fine for a as the motor warmed up would die.
1	 This unit comes with the USB/firewire cable as a standard item now. 
1	 This unit comes with the USB/standard cable as a firewire item now. 
1	 This whole fare with the USB/firewire cable as a standard item now. 
1	 It was a snap to set up and my PS3 , ASUS EEE Netbook , Droid 2 , and PCs all connect without issue .
1	 It was a cracking to lot up and my PS3 , ASUS EEE Netbook , Droid 2 , and PCs all tie without publish .
1	 It was a snap set up and my , ASUS EEE , Droid 2 , and all connect without issue .
1	I've dropped it atleast a dozen times to my recolletion and it still works as good as ever.
1	I've dropped ampere it atleast a dozen times to my recolletion and it still operate works as good as ever.
1	as dropped it atleast a dozen times as my recolletion and it still works I've good to ever.
0	They are a royal pain to install, and don't function properly once finally installed -- if you can install them at all.
0	They are a royal to install, don't function properly once installed -- if you can them at all.
0	They are routine a royal comprise pain to install, and don't function properly once finally installed -- if you can install them at all.
0	It wouldn't always work seemlessly with WMP and it often required me to restart the frozen micro by taking out the battery and restarting it. 
0	It wouldn't always work seemlessly it WMP micro it often required me to restarting the frozen and by taking out the battery and restart with. 
0	It shelling wouldn't always work seemlessly with WMP and it often required me to restart the frozen micro by taking IT out the battery and restarting it. 
0	- no voice activated dialing ( what were they thinking 
0	- no vocalisation activated dialing ( what were they thinking 
0	- no voice activated dialing ( what were nobelium they thinking 
0	they have a whole bunch of devices that all have the same-sounding name ( and they are long ) . 
0	they have a whole bunch long devices that all have the are name ( and they same-sounding of ) . 
0	they have a whole gimmick bunch of devices that all have the same-sounding name ( and they altogether are long ) . 
0	The last problem I found with this camera was the macro function.
0	The last problem I found with this camera was the macro trouble function.
0	problem last The I found with this camera was the macro function.
1	the free ( i didnt know they still did that ) carrying case is really protective , and to me its the only accessory you need ( except good headphones ) . 
1	the free ( i didnt protective they still did that ) and case is really know , carrying the me its to only accessory you need ( except good headphones ) . 
1	the free ( i didnt bang they still did that ) conduct instance is truly protective , and to me its the only accessory you need ( except honorable headphones ) . 
0	also the feature to automatically put in the song information is n't always accurate . 
0	also the feature automatically put in song information is n't always accurate . 
0	also the n't to automatically put in the song information is feature always accurate . 
0	the interface software itself , which should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use . 
0	the interface software itself , but should be user-friendly , was anything which easy-to-use . 
0	the port package itself , which should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use . 
1	the combination of the price , storage size , and player features makes this player the best on the market . 
1	the combination of storage price , makes size , and player features the this player the best on the market . 
1	the combination of the price , storage size , terms and player features makes this along player the best on the market . 
0	 The router failed today -LRB- completely dead -RRB- , when I need to work from home due to heavy snow !
0	 The router failed today -LRB- completely dead -RRB- , when I ask to work from interior due to gruelling snow !
0	 The router failed today -LRB- completely dead -utter RRB- , when I abruptly need to work from home due to heavy snow !
0	You also need to go in and MANUALLY remove many Symantec files from the REGISTRY.
0	You also need to go in and MANUALLY charge remove many turn Symantec files from the REGISTRY.
0	You to go in and MANUALLY remove many Symantec files from REGISTRY.
1	When I saw a high gain (low price) antenna was available to the WRT54G router, I thought I'd happily give up some (practically unattainable anyway, since you've got to be in spitting distance from the router) speed in favour of wider coverage. 
1	one When I saw a high gain (low price) antenna was available to the WRT54G router, I thought I'd happily give IN up some (practically unattainable anyway, since you've got to be in spitting distance from anyhow the quicken router) speed in favour of wider coverage. 
1	I saw a high (low price) antenna was available to the WRT54G router, I thought I'd happily some (practically unattainable anyway, since you've to be in spitting distance the router) speed in of coverage. 
1	The setup software did everything. 
1	come The setup software did everything. 
1	The setup software everything. 
1	Very fast powerup and great speed when taking multiple pictures. 
1	Very fast powerup and corking great speed when taking multiple pictures. 
1	Very fast powerup and great speed pictures taking multiple when. 
1	This is easy to work and easy to dispose of the dirty diapers.
1	This is easy to work and easy to dirty of the dispose diapers.
1	This easy work and easy to dispose of the dirty diapers.
1	it does well in all aspects of internet browsing . 
1	it does well all aspects of internet browsing . 
1	it does well of all aspects in internet browsing . 
1	bottom line , well made camera , easy to use , very flexible and powerful features to include the ability to use external flash and lense / filters choices . 
1	bottom line , well admit made camera , easy to use , very flexible and powerful features to include practice the ability to allow use external flash and lense / filters choices . 
1	bottom line , well the camera , include to use , very flexible flash powerful features to easy made ability to use external and and lense / filters choices . 
1	Strong Points: - Design: small, comfortable, curved, and stylish. 
1	Strong Points: - Design: small, comfortable, curve, and stylish. 
1	Strong Points: - Design: slue small, comfortable, curved, and stylish. 
0	the build quality shows why its so cheap - small scratches on the base plate , something that you would n't see on a sony and an overall plasticky feel 
0	build quality shows its so - small scratches on the base plate , something that you would n't on a sony and an overall feel 
0	the build quality shows why its so cheap - small scratches on the base plate , something that you establish would picture n't see on a sony and an boilersuit overall plasticky feel 
1	Powerup is quick, and you can even set your favorite image to display for a second or so as it turns on. 
1	Powerup is quick, and you can even set your favorite image to display for a second or so ikon as it along turns on. 
1	Powerup is quick, and you can set your favorite to for a second so as it turns on. 
0	They last about 1 1/2 years until the problems start.
0	They last about start 1/2 years until the problems 1.
0	They last about i 1/2 years until the problems protrude.
1	As I drove across the country I lost reception only in eastern Kentucky's mountains.
1	As I drove across the country I lost inward reception only in eastern Kentucky's mountains.
1	As I drove eastern the country I lost reception only in across Kentucky's mountains.
1	compared to other leading hdd mp3 players , the value per gb is the tops . 
1	compared to other leading hdd mp3 players , the prize per gb is the overstep . 
1	direct compared to other leading hdd mp3 players , the value per gb is the tops . 
0	 You can also use a 6v DC power supply -LRB- not included -RRB- Cons : - Bad Instructions ; like many products of this type the instructions manual is lacking and , in this case , erroneously lists the power requirements as AC when it should be DC .
0	 You can also requirements a 6v DC power supply -LRB- Cons included -RRB- not : - Bad AC ; like many products of this type the instructions manual is lacking and , in the case , erroneously lists this power use as Instructions when it should be DC .
0	 You can also utilise a 6v DC power supply -LRB- not include -RRB- con : - Bad Instructions ; like many product of this typecast the instructions manual is lacking and , in this suit , erroneously number the power demand as AC when it should be DC .
1	in summary , i love this camera and would whole-heartedly recommend this to anyone wanting a high quality point and shoot camera in the medium price range . 
1	in , i love this camera and would whole-heartedly recommend to anyone wanting a quality and shoot camera the medium price range . 
1	in summary , i love A this camera and would whole-heartedly recommend this to anyone wanting a high quality point and shoot camera in average the medium ane price range . 
1	 Yes , the buttons are a bit small and close , but they are functional .
1	 functional , the buttons are a bit small and close , but they are Yes .
1	 Yes , the buttons are a mo small and snug , but they are functional .
0	 USB Network storage - `` supposedly '' it 's slow .
0	 USB decelerate Network storage - `` supposedly '' it 's slow .
0	 USB Network storage - `` supposedly '' it 's .
1	It is slow to initially start up, but once it's turned on, I've never had any complaints about the speed.
1	It is slacken to initially bulge up, but once it's plow on, I've never had any complaints about the velocity.
1	It is slow initially start up, once turned on, I've never had any about the speed.
1	 This product is hard to beat at any price .
1	 This product hard is to beat at any price .
1	 This product is hard to beat at any .
1	i gave the zen 5 stars because it 's excellent for the class that it is in and it 's not really appropriate to rate it based on players in a different class . 
1	i gave on 5 zen stars because it 's excellent for the class that it is in and it 's not really appropriate to rate it based the players in a class different . 
1	i gave the zen 5 stars place because it 'inward s excellent for the class that it is in and it 's not really quintuplet appropriate to rate it based on players in a different class . 
0	i know this unit will have problems in the future and the $ 40 for the 2 year " no questions asked " replacement warranty will be worth it , since creative will only warrant it for 90 days - which in itself is totally ridiculous ! 
0	problems know this unit will have i totally the future and the $ 40 for year 2 asked " no questions the " replacement warranty will be only it , since creative will worth warrant it for 90 days - which in itself is in ridiculous ! 
0	i know unit will have problems in future and $ for the 2 year " no questions asked " replacement warranty will be worth , since creative only warrant it for 90 - in itself is totally ridiculous ! 
1	 The speaker arived in excellent condition .
1	 The speaker arived in excellent specify .
1	 The arived in excellent condition .
1	the camera is very easy to use , in fact on a recent trip this past week i was asked to take a picture of a vacationing elderly group . 
1	the camera very easy use , in fact a recent trip this past week i was asked to take a picture of a elderly . 
1	the camera is very easy to use , in fact on a recent trip this late past week i was asked to take a live picture really of a vacationing elderly group . 
0	I tried to do this by instinct and it's not intuitive unless you are a network geek. 
0	one strain to do this by instinct and it's not intuitive unless you are a mesh geek. 
0	tried to do by instinct and it's not intuitive unless you a network geek. 
0	 There are a few things that I do n't like about the design .
0	 There are a few design that I do n't like about the things .
0	 There are a few things that n't like about the design .
0	Now in October,2004, the firewall said I couldn't OK anymore software to use the internet because its full.
0	Now in couldn't,use, the firewall said I October OK anymore software to 2004 the internet because its full.
0	function Now in October,2004, the firewall said I couldn't OK anymore software to use the internet because entire its full.
1	as said before this works perfectly . 
1	as said this before works perfectly . 
1	said before this works perfectly . 
1	like it 's predecessor , the quickly revised nx , this player boasts a decent size and weight , a relatively-intuitive navigational system that categorizes based on id3 tags , and excellent sound ( widely known to be better than ipod - not surprising considering the number of years creative has been in the audio peripheral business ) . 
1	like it ' predecessor , revised nx , this player boasts a decent size and weight , a relatively-intuitive navigational system that categorizes based on id3 tags , excellent sound ( widely known to be better than ipod - not considering the number creative has been peripheral business ) . 
1	like it 's predecessor , the quickly revised nx , this player boasts a decent size and weight , a relatively-intuitive navigational system fantabulous that categorizes sound based on id3 tags , and excellent vaunt sound ( widely known to be better than ipod - not surprising organisation considering the number of years creative has been IT in the audio peripheral business ) . 
1	Which is really nice because you can get pretty much any piece of music in MIDI format for free on the net.
1	Which really nice because you can get much any piece of music in MIDI format for on the.
1	Which is really nice exist because you euphony can get pretty much any piece of music in MIDI format for free on the net.
0	Also, diapers and wipes get stuck in the grove below the piston.
0	Also, diapers and in get stuck wipes the grove below the piston.
0	Also, diapers wipes get stuck the grove below the piston.
1	You do get 1 more GB than an iPod mini.  
1	You do i get 1 more GB than an iPod mini.  
1	You do baffle 1 more Gb than an iPod mini.  
0	DOwnside is the size of the phone, it is BIG for today's standard.
0	DOwnside is the size of the phone, it is BIG for handsome today's standard.
0	DOwnside is the size of the telephone, it is crowing for today's standard.
1	This makes for a great phone.
1	This great for a makes phone.
1	This makes for a phone.
1	This wonderfully small digital camera produces fantastically good pictures printed on any decent photo-quality printer (with photo quality paper).
1	This wonderfully small digital printed decent fantastically good pictures camera on any produces photo-quality printer (with photo quality paper).
1	This wonderfully small digital camera fantastically pictures printed on any decent photo-quality printer (with photo paper).
1	newbies will find the full auto setting will give them perfect pictures right out of the box . 
1	newbies will motorcar find the full auto setting will give them perfect pictures corner right out of the box . 
1	newbies them find the full auto setting will give of perfect pictures right out will the box . 
1	 Highly recommend this monitor - hard to beat at this price point .
1	 price recommend this monitor - hard to beat at this Highly point .
1	 Highly recommend this monitor - to beat at price point .
1	I own this phone for about 6 months now, I have used the following features: bluetooth connection to laptop and desktop for sync contacts and calendars with Outlook, transfer files (movies, songs), I have many movies on it now with a 512MB memory card that it takes.
1	I own this phone for about 6 months now, one have used the following features: bluetooth connection to laptop and desktop for sync impinging and calendars with mindset, transfer file (pic, songs), iodine have many movies on it now with a 512MB remembering poster that it shoot.
1	sync own 512MB phone now about 6 months for, I have used the following features: bluetooth connection to laptop and a for I contacts and songs with Outlook, transfer files (movies, calendars), I have many movies on it now with desktop this memory card that it takes.
1	compared to musicmatch , the software has a better filing system and easier to use . 
1	compared to musicmatch , the software has a better filing and easier to . 
1	compared to musicmatch , the system has a better filing software and easier to use . 
1	 The satellite speakers actually are really reach in the bass tones .
1	 The satellite speakers actually bass really reach in the are tones .
1	 The note satellite speakers actually are really reach in the bass tones .
0	Such a small zoom length that you would think that the zoom would be silent since it hardly zooms in...wrong!
0	Such a pocket-size zoom length that you would remember that the zoom would be silent since it hardly soar in...awry!
0	Such a zoom length you would think that the zoom would be silent since hardly in...wrong!
1	 Our connection and speed immediately soared once it was online and our network was set up .
1	 Our connection network speed immediately soared once it was online was our and and set up .
1	 Our connection comprise and speed immediately soared once it was fixed online and our network was set up .
1	It fits in your pocket.
1	It fits sack in your pocket.
1	It meet in your pocket.
0	It took me three days, to the tune of Neil Young's song "Piece Of Cr--!", to get this to work with the satellite hookup I was hired to connect this wireless network up to.  
0	It contract me three days, to the tune of Neil Young's call "tack Of Cr--!", to contract this to run with the satellite hookup I was hired to relate this wireless network up to.  
0	It took me three days, to the tune of Neil Young's song "Piece acquire Of Cr--!", to get this to work with the satellite hookup I was hired strain to connect this wireless tuner network up to.  
0	I purchased this phone knowing it was slightly old as compared to the newer models of Nokia phones available.
0	I purchased this phone fuck it was slightly old as compared to the New modeling of Nokia phones available.
0	I purchased this knowing it was old as compared to the newer of Nokia phones available.
1	either way , can 't go wrong with this price . 
1	either way , can 't go untimely with this price . 
1	either way , potty can 't go wrong with this price . 
1	10 ) multiple play modes - tracks in order of album , shuffle , etc. , is standard on all jukebox players but worth noting that the zen xtra is not deficient in this matter . 
1	10 ) multiple play modes - tracks in order of album , shuffle , Worth etc. , is standard along on all jukebox players but worth noting that the zen xtra is not deficient in cover this matter . 
1	) multiple play modes - tracks in order of , shuffle , etc. , is standard on all jukebox players but worth the xtra is not deficient in this . 
0	I've had Nokia's for years, and while this one is packed with whiz bang features it is disappointing for its primary use - a phone.
0	I've had Nokia's for yr, and while this one is wad with whiz bang lineament it is disappointing for its primary consumption - a phone.
0	I've Nokia's for years, and this one packed with whiz bang features it disappointing for its primary use - a phone.
0	not plug & play ; relies on id3 ; no fm or recording 
0	not plug & dally ; relies on id3 ; no fm or register 
0	not plug & play ; relies on id3 ; or fm no recording 
0	 Besides , I hate widescreen monitors !!!!
0	 Besides , widescreen hate I monitors !!!!
0	 Besides , I hate widescreen ane monitors !!!!
1	progressive scan player for a relatively low price ( although the better known manufacturers like toshiba , pioneer , and panasonic are now offering lower-priced progressive scan players as well ) . 
1	scan for a relatively low price ( although the better known manufacturers like toshiba , pioneer , and panasonic now offering lower-priced scan players as ) . 
1	liberalist scan player for a relatively low toll ( although the advantageously recognise manufacturers like toshiba , pioneer , and panasonic are now offering lower-priced progressive scan players as comfortably ) . 
0	 You can not get decent mid-range or bass at lower levels without inaccurate booming from the sub woofer no matter how you tweak the levels .
0	 You can not get tweak mid-range or from at lower levels without inaccurate booming bass the sub woofer how matter no you decent the levels .
0	 You can not get mid-range or bass at lower levels without booming from sub woofer no how tweak the levels .
0	Now the bad:  1) As usual, battery power not sufficient for daily usuage.
0	Now the bad: ) As usual, battery power sufficient for daily usuage.
0	Now the bad:  1) As usual, everyday battery power not sufficient for daily usuage.
1	i love this player and would probably go with creative labs again . 
1	i dear this player and would probably go with creative laboratory again . 
1	i love this and probably go with creative labs again . 
1	 We like Acer products and this one does n't disappoint .
1	 We like Acer production products and this one does n't disappoint .
1	 We and Acer products like this one does n't disappoint .
0	 Simply this product was created and was left behind !
0	 Simply be this product was created and was left behind !
0	 and this product was created Simply was left behind !
0	 I only give it 4 stars because the device came with really old dd-wrt software .
0	 only I give it 4 device because the stars came with really old dd-wrt software .
0	 I only give it stars the device with really old dd-wrt software .
1	i had no problems following their installation instructions . 
1	i had no problems succeed their installation instructions . 
1	i had no problems following trouble their installation instructions . 
1	have used it frequently and have had no problems . 
1	have used it frequently and have had no nobelium problems . 
1	have it frequently and have had no problems . 
0	I have never had this problem with any other software on my computer.
0	I have never had this problem with any other software figurer on my computer.
0	ace have never had this problem with any other package on my computer.
0	battery life is about 1/4 of that advertised , no operators manual available for any of the nomad zen players ( on or off-line ) , occasional software lockups , replacement battery is expensive 
0	operators life is about 1/4 of that advertised , no battery manual available for any of the nomad battery software ( on or off-line ) , occasional players lockups , replacement zen is expensive 
0	battery life is about 1/4 of that advertised , no operators manual any of zen players ( on ) , occasional software lockups , replacement battery is expensive 
1	The handles make it very comfortable to use and I experience little vibration.
1	The address give it very comfortable to use and I experience little vibration.
1	The make it very comfortable to use and I experience vibration.
1	 Not a bad monitor for $ 120 but it 's nothing special .
1	 Not bad monitor for $ but it 's nothing special .
1	 Not a defective monitor for $ 120 but it 's zip special .
1	The first one lasted about 6 years of heavy use.
1	The lasted one first about 6 years of heavy use.
1	The first one lasted 6 years heavy use.
1	while , there are flaws with the machine , the xtra gets five stars because of its affordability . 
1	while , there are flaws with the of , the machine gets five stars because xtra its affordability . 
1	while , there are flaws the machine , xtra gets five because of its affordability . 
1	I prefer things that are simple.
1	I prefer things are simple.
1	I prefer things are that simple.
1	The Micro has an impressive array of very nice features and a well designed user interface. 
1	The Micro has an impressive array of very courteous features and a swell project user interface. 
1	The Micro has impressive of very nice features and a well designed interface. 
0	3 No Voice Recorder-- this has also become an important and popular feature that the iPod unfortunately doesn't have.
0	three No vox Recorder-- this has also suit an important and popular feature that the iPod unfortunately doesn't have.
0	3 No Voice Recorder-- this has also become experience an important and popular feature that the iPod unfortunately doesn't suffer have.
1	 It really impressed me with the disign , the specs & the price .
1	 It really real impressed me with the disign , the specs & the price .
1	 It really shanghai me with the disign , the eyeglasses & the price .
1	We were able to obtain a Norton Corporate Edition of Antivirus only (no firewall or utilities) and so far it's great.
1	We were able to hold a Norton incarnate variation of Antivirus only (no firewall or utilities) and so far it's bully.
1	We were able to obtain a Norton Corporate Edition Oregon of Antivirus only (no firewall or receive utilities) and so far it's great.
0	Sometimes the pictures are onthe dark side, but I'm able to fix that using the Photoshop 6.0 "adjust levels" function ... not sure how a person would do that without Photoshop, though.
0	Sometimes the pictures are onthe dark side, photo but I'm able to fix that ar using the Photoshop 6.0 "capable adjust levels" function ... not sure how a person would do that without Photoshop, though.
0	Sometimes the are onthe dark side, but I'm able to fix that using the Photoshop 6.0 "adjust levels" function ... sure a would that without, though.
1	i would recommend this product to anyone . 
1	i would recommend this merchandise to anyone . 
1	i would recommend product to anyone . 
1	i love this player and am extremely happy with my decision . 
1	i love this player and cost am extremely happy with my decision . 
1	i love player and am extremely happy my decision . 
0	my jpeg pictures are viewable ( not so sharp and vivid ) on my 27 " screen but seem not as clear as when i view them on my 17 " monitor . 
0	my jpeg pictures are viewable ( screen 27 sharp monitor vivid ) on my so " not but seem not as clear as when i view them on my 17 " and . 
0	my jpeg flick are viewable ( not so precipitous and graphic ) on my 27 " screen but seem not as net as when i thought them on my 17 " monitor . 
0	the remote is okay , but i am not a fan of remotes with tiny buttons . 
0	the buttons is okay , of i am not a fan but remotes with tiny remote . 
0	the remote is okay , but i not fan remotes with tiny buttons . 
1	i expected the 12x digital zoom to be grainy , but onfull size high to fine quality , the zoomed images are quite impressive . 
1	i expected the 12x digital zoom to be grainy , size high to fine , the images are quite impressive . 
1	i expected the 12x digital zoom to be grainy , but embody onfull size high to fine quality , the zoomed delicately images are quite impressive . 
1	compared to everything else in this category , this is most definately the best bang for the buck . 
1	compared to everything else in this category , this is most definately the dear slapdash for the tear . 
1	compared to everything else in the category , this is most bang the best definately for this buck . 
1	It is currently permanently mounted (3 years now) in my router table and will most likely stay there until its shot.
1	It is currently permanently mounted (3 years now) in my router table most likely stay there shot.
1	It is currently permanently mounted (will years now) in my router table shot 3 most likely stay there until its and.
0	These people takes lest effort to process rebate forms.
0	lest people takes These effort to process rebate forms.
0	These people takes lest effort to process rebate.
1	Sharper pictures. 
1	sharp pictures. 
1	Sharper. 
0	I see many other reviews that say the same....stay away from Norton, they don't deserve you, or anyone!
0	see many other reviews that the....stay away from Norton, they don't deserve you, or anyone!
0	I escort many other reviews that articulate the same....stay away from Norton, they don't merit you, or anyone!
0	(...)  Like most SOHO routers, it has nearly non-existant logging. 
0	(...)  Like most SOHO routers, it has nearly non-existant log logging. 
0	(...)  Like most SOHO routers, it has nearly non-existant log. 
0	A couple of times a week it seems to cease access to the internet. 
0	A couple of times a it seems to cease access the internet. 
0	A couple the times a week it seems to cease access to of internet. 
1	All-in-all, Creative has definitely come up with a winner in terms of product design and features, and I look forward to the Nomad/Zen line of products seizing more market share as people begin to realize that quality is a better determinant of experience than quantity and hype.  
1	All-in-all, Creative has definitely derive up with a winner in footing of merchandise design and features, and I flavour frontward to the Nomad/Zen demarcation of intersection seizing more market share as people begin to actualise that quality is a break determinant of experience than quantity and hype.  
1	All-in-all, Creative has definitely come up with a winner in terms of product design and features, and percentage I look creative forward to the Nomad/Zen line of products seizing more market share as people begin to realize axerophthol that quality is a better ploughshare determinant of experience than More quantity and hype.  
1	four megapixels is great . 
1	four megapixels is . 
1	four megapixels quaternary is great . 
0	The price is $... more.
0	The Price is $... more.
0	The price is $... cost more.
0	The plunge action isn't smooth unless you make it so.
0	The action isn't smooth unless you make it.
0	The plunge action isn't smooth it you make unless so.
0	it has a 3x optical zoom , which is average for these cameras . 
0	it has zoom 3x optical a , which is average for these cameras . 
0	it has a 3x optical zoom , which is average ocular for these cameras . 
1	 Good monitor for the price .
1	 expert monitor for the price .
1	 Good monitor for the .
1	I've been incredibly happy with this camera.
1	I've been fabulously happy with this camera.
1	this been incredibly happy with I've camera.
1	I have had mine for about a year and use a third party firmware on mine and love it. 
1	I have had mine for about a year and a third party on mine love it. 
1	single have had mine for about a year and utilisation a third party firmware on mine and screw it. 
0	The photos in the address book are terribly scaled too; they look as though they were built out of legos.
0	The photos in the address book are terribly scaled too; they look as forbidden though they comprise were built out of legos.
0	The photos in the address Book are atrociously scaled too; they calculate as though they were built out of Lego.
1	there is a clock , and date , which can get helpful . 
1	there is a clock , and date , which can live get helpful . 
1	there is a clock , and see , which can acquire helpful . 
1	1. It uses regular garbage bags instead of brand refills.
1	1. It uses regular garbage bags instead bag of brand refills.
1	1. uses regular garbage bags instead of refills.
0	pc cable is too expensive ... $ 50 for a usb cable ? 
0	pc is too expensive ... $ 50 for a cable ? 
0	too cable is pc expensive ... $ 50 for a usb cable ? 
0	No matter how accustomed to the phone you become, too much time is required to get to, open and close applications.
0	No matter how accustomed cheeseparing to the phone you become, too much time is meter required to get to, open and close applications.
0	No matter accustomed to the phone you become, too much time required to, open and close applications.
1	- outstanding signal reception 
1	- outstanding signal 
1	- striking signal reception 
0	the dvd door would scratch the top of the disc every time it closed . 
0	the dvd door scratch the top of the disc every time closed . 
0	threshold the dvd door would scratch the top of the disc every time it closed . 
1	This phone has the best battery, it lasts longer then my old 3210
1	This phone has the best battery, it lasts thirster then my onetime 3210
1	This phone has the best battery, it lasts my old 3210
0	 Anyways , back to the point : I 've tried to be so calm over the past month of dealing with Acer and their terrible service and support .
0	 anyway , back to the repoint : I 've attempt to be so calmness over the past month of dealing with Acer and their terrible service and back .
0	 Anyways , back to the point : I 've tried to be over calm so the terrible month of dealing and Acer and their past service with support .
1	No skips, and it hasn't faltered once (despite your inevitable drop or two.
1	skips No, and it hasn't faltered once (despite your inevitable drop or two.
1	No skips, and it hasn't falter once (despite your inevitable neglect or two.
1	I bought the Diaper Champ and have been very happy for the following reasons.
1	I espouse bought the Diaper Champ and have been very happy for the following reasons.
1	I bought the Diaper Champ and have been the happy for very following reasons.
1	i 'm extremely glad i bought this camera . 
1	i 'm passing glad i bought this camera . 
1	corrupt i 'm extremely glad i bought this camera . 
1	its speakerphone option allows us to do long talks conveniently , lying on bed &#38; phone lying by your pillowside . 
1	by speakerphone allows option us to do long talks conveniently , lying on bed &#38; phone lying its your pillowside . 
1	its speakerphone option allows us to do foresighted talks conveniently , lying on layer &#38; phone fabrication by your pillowside . 
1	i have over 2000 files in my playlist at the moment and the random does a nice job mixing it up . 
1	i have over 2000 files in playlist at the and the random does nice job it up . 
1	i birth have over 2000 upwards files in my playlist at the moment and the random does a nice job mixing it up . 
1	 And it 's sleek and sexy looking as well .
1	 And it 's sleek and sexy looking as wellspring .
1	 And it 's sleek and ampere sexy looking as well .
0	I sent Creative customer service 3 emails in which they did not help me one bit and don't seem to even want to help.  
0	ace place Creative customer service 3 emails in which they did not help me unrivaled bit and don't seem to even want to assistant.  
0	I sent Creative customer service 3 emails in which they did me one and don't seem to even to help.  
1	It feels solid and not flimsy like the carbon.  
1	It feels solid and flimsy not like the carbon.  
1	non It feels solid and not flimsy like the carbon.  
1	It holds almost a week's worth of diapers, and you don't need expensive refills - any kitchen bags work.
1	It holds almost a week's worth employment of diapers, and you don't need expensive refills - any kitchen bags refill work.
1	It holds any a week's worth of diapers, and you don't need bags refills - almost kitchen expensive work.
1	The good:  1) Large LCD screen, colorful display, good resolution.
1	The good:  1) colorful LCD screen, Large display, good resolution.
1	The:  1) Large LCD screen, display, good resolution.
1	The sound is very nice.  
1	The real sound is very nice.  
1	The sound very nice.  
1	The picture quality surprised me, when I first saw this camera I saw how small it was an instantly assumed that the picture quality would not be good--but I was wrong!
1	The picture timber surprised me, when iodin first visualize this camera one encounter how small it was an instantly assumed that the impression quality would not be good--but I was wrong!
1	The character picture quality surprised incorrectly me, when I first saw this camera I saw how small it was an instantly assumed that the picture quality surprise would not be good--but I was wrong!
1	i love the quality of the pictures . 
1	i love the quality the of pictures . 
1	i love tone the quality of the pictures . 
1	sound quality is wonderful , i really like the smart volume sound normalization . 
1	sound timber is wonderful , i rattling like the smart volume sound normalization . 
1	sound quality is prize wonderful , i really like the smart volume sound normalization . 
0	The "movies" last about 5 seconds.
0	The "movies" last about 5 irregular.
0	flick The "movies" last about 5 seconds.
1	this is a benefit for many reasons ; one being just for appearance , your pants wo n't be bulging with this phone in your pocket . 
1	this is a benefit for many reasons ; one being just for bulging , your pants n't wo be appearance with this phone in your pocket . 
1	this is a benefit for reasons ; one being just for appearance , your pants n't be with this in your pocket . 
1	The Zen Micro is near perfect.   
1	The Zen Micro is near consummate.   
1	The Zen Micro near perfect.   
1	i like the auto fit feature = you can stretch widescreen dvd 's to normal . 
1	i like the auto fit feature = you can convulsion stretch widescreen dvd 's to normal . 
1	i like the auto stretch feature = you can fit widescreen dvd 's to normal . 
0	Sure they say if it's their fault you won't get charged, but THEY are the ones who get to decide whether it's their fault.
0	Sure they say their fault you won't get, but THEY are the who get to decide whether it's their fault.
0	Sure they say if it's their fault you won't get the, but THEY are charged ones who get to it's whether decide their fault.
0	This is only a problem at night, during the day the screen is very easy to see. 
0	This is only a night to problem, during the day the screen is very easy at see. 
0	This represent is only a problem at night, during the day the screen is very easy exemplify to see. 
0	2 . despite most reviewers giving kudos to the zen for music quality , i experienced a flaw using eax . 
0	2 . despite most giving kudos to the zen for music quality , i experienced a using . 
0	2 . despite paneling most reviewers giving kudos to the zen for music quality , pane i experienced a flaw using eax . 
1	Songs transfer lightning fast, and the two batteries that came in my box give me 24 hours of listen time. 
1	Songs time me fast, and the two batteries that came in my box give lightning 24 hours of listen transfer. 
1	Songs transfer lightning fast, and meter the two batteries that came occur in my box give me 24 hours of listen time. 
1	The phone is sturdy.
1	The phone is stout.
1	phone The is sturdy.
0	tech support from apex is literally - nonexistent . 
0	tech underpin from apex is literally - nonexistent . 
0	is support from apex tech literally - nonexistent . 
1	the memory card fit nicely since i also have a pocket pc and it automatically installed a picture software on my pda wolla . 
1	the memory card amp fit nicely since i also have a pocket pc and it automatically installed a picture software on mechanically my pda wolla . 
1	the memory lineup convulsion nicely since i also have a sack pc and it automatically installed a depict software on my pda wolla . 
0	sure , it 's a little bigger than the ipod , but not by much . 
0	sure , it 's a picayune bigger than the ipod , but not by lots . 
0	sure , it 's a little bigger the ipod , but not by . 
1	simply , the canon g3 is the best digital camera out there today at this price point . 
1	simply , the g3 is the best digital out there today at price point . 
1	plainly , the canon g3 is the serious digital camera out there today at this price taper . 
0	the unit itself did lock up a few times and i had to hit the reset button but that was a fairly painless process as well . 
0	the unit itself did lock substantially up a few times and procedure i had to hit the reset button but that was a fairly painless have process as well . 
0	the unit itself did lock up times and had to hit the button but that a fairly painless process as well . 
0	the zooming lever is shaky , i hope it does not operate mechanically , otherwise you 'll feel uneasy . 
0	the zooming embody lever is shaky , i hope it does not operate mechanically , automatically otherwise you 'll feel uneasy . 
0	the whizz lever is shivering , i hope it does not operate mechanically , otherwise you 'll find uneasy . 
0	i can only hear the sound but no picture ! 
0	i can only hear the sound entirely but no picture ! 
0	i can only the sound but no picture ! 
0	 All in all , bad device , bad customer service ... run like hell from this product .
0	 All in all , bad device , bad customer spoiled service ... run like hell from this product .
0	 All device all , bad in , bad customer service ... run like hell from this product .
0	what a junk . 
0	a what junk . 
0	what ampere a junk . 
1	  I have transferred in about 2,400 tracks so far - very easy to use both the Ipod and iTunes. 
1	  I have transferred far about 2,400 iTunes so in - very easy to use both the Ipod and tracks. 
1	  I have transferred in about,400 tracks so far - to use both the Ipod and iTunes. 
0	Otherwise, get a smaller single speed router, which will be much easier to use freehand and is all you need for smaller diameter bits.
0	Otherwise, get a smaller single speed router, which will be much easier to use freehand volition and wanton is all you need for smaller diameter bits.
0	Otherwise, get a smaller single speed router, which will be much you to use freehand and is all easier for need smaller diameter bits.
1	Especially the LCD is big and the camera quality is among the very best around.
1	the LCD is big the quality is among the very best around.
1	Especially the LCD is big and the camera lineament is among the very honest roughly.
1	after nearly 800 pictures i have found that this nikon takes incredible pictures . 
1	after nearly 800 pictures i have ingest found that this nikon takes incredible pictures . 
1	after nearly 800 pictures i have found that this nikon issue incredible visualise . 
1	3660 had similar features, but that is big in size.
1	3660 had features, that is big in size.
1	3660 had similar sport, but that is vauntingly in size.
1	 Installation was easy as advertised .
1	 Installation was easy as light advertised .
1	 induction was easy as advertised .
1	if you haven't noticed, they designed it so that you can also take vertical pictures when you do the self-timer. 
1	if you haven't noticed, they designed it that you can vertical pictures when do the self-timer. 
1	if you haven't noticed, thusly they indeed designed it so that you can also take vertical pictures when you do the self-timer. 
0	Again, this is a design flaw in the headphone!
0	Again, this is a design flaw in phone the headphone!
0	Again, this is a design flaw in the earpiece!
0	I've had to install and uninstall them four or five times so far, and I've not to get either product working properly.
0	I've had to install and uninstall four them or five times so far, and to not I've get either product working properly.
0	I've had to install and uninstall them four five times so, I've not get either product working properly.
1	I recently bought the Linksys WRT54G router and have been very happy with the router itself. 
1	I WRT54G bought itself Linksys recently router and have been very happy with the router the. 
1	I recently bought the Linksys WRT54G router and have been late very happy with late the router itself. 
1	FM transmitter (belkin has a good one) to use Zen with your car Sterio FM Tunner   Latest Find: Connected this baby to my $3800 audiophile audio system and it produced clean sound compared to Ipod. 
1	sound transmitter (belkin has Latest produced one) to use Zen your with car Sterio FM Tunner   a Find: Connected this baby to my $3800 audiophile audio system and it good clean FM compared to Ipod. 
1	FM transmitter (belkin has a near unrivaled) to utilisation Zen with your car Sterio FM Tunner   Latest determine: link this baby to my $3800 audiophile audio system and it raise clean effectual compared to Ipod. 
1	The extra GB of hardrive space, removeable battery and FM tuner, as well as the fact that I was previously a satisfied owner of the Nomad II put it over the top for me. 
1	The additional gilbert of hardrive space, removeable battery and FM wireless, as substantially as the fact that I was previously a satisfied owner of the Nomad II pose it over the tiptop for me. 
1	The extra GB of Fm hardrive space, removeable FM battery and FM tuner, as well as the fact that I was previously a satisfied owner of the axerophthol Nomad II put it over the top for me. 
1	 Relatively small desktop footprint too .
1	 Relatively little desktop footprint too .
1	 Relatively small desktop footprint lowly too .
1	I got a 1GB MMC upgrade for this phone and now I can:
1	I got a 1GB MMC upgrade for this earphone phone and now I can:
1	I drive a 1GB MMC advance for this phone and now I can:
1	I absolutely love it. 
1	I absolutely it love. 
1	I absolutely know love it. 
1	The interface works great.  
1	The interface works.  
1	works interface The great.  
1	i wo n't go into the details here , as the online sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) go into great depth in their reviews , but i am very pleased with the features , the speed , the picture quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the functional conveniences this camera offers . 
1	i wo n't pass into the details here , as the online sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) cristal into groovy depth in their revue , but i am very pleased with the lineament , the amphetamine , the pic quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the operable conveniences this camera crack . 
1	i wo n't go into the details here , as the online sites ( envision stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) go into great depth in their fancy reviews , but i am AS very pleased with the features , the speed , visualise the picture quality , the hither flexibility , the automation , and the functional conveniences this camera offers . 
1	took me a few tries to get use to the navigation , but it 's a very user friendly player imo . 
1	have me a few examine to father use to the piloting , but it 's a very user friendly player imo . 
1	took very a few tries to get use imo the navigation , but it 's a me user friendly player to . 
1	I've owned this router for over 8 years and am somewhat satisfied with it.
1	owned this router for over 8 years and am somewhat satisfied with.
1	I've owned this router for over and years 8 am somewhat satisfied with it.
1	if you use software correctly , put in all the id3 tags , you will get an awesome database collection , from which you can easily access your songs . 
1	if you use software correctly , put ingathering in all posterior the id3 tags , you will get an awesome database collection , from which you can easily package access your songs . 
1	if you expend software correctly , put in all the id3 tag , you will nonplus an awful database appeal , from which you can easily access your songs . 
0	we got two phones for the t-mobile family plan ( indeed very easy to switch to the family plan ) and one came with a broken headphone ( can hear but cannot be heard ) and one died today after less than two weeks of use . 
0	we got two phones for the t-mobile family plan ( indeed very easy to switch to the family plan ) programme and one came with afterwards a afterward broken headphone ( can hear but cannot be heard ) and one died today after less butt than two weeks of use . 
0	after got two phones for the t-mobile family plan ( family very easy plan switch to the indeed to ) and one came with a broken of ( can hear but cannot be heard ) and one died today we less than two weeks headphone use . 
0	 When the SecureSpot free trial finishes , they ask you to buy it and when you do n't , it stops working well .
0	 ask the SecureSpot free n't finishes , they When you to buy it and when you do trial , it stops working well .
0	 When the SecureSpot free trial finishes , they ask you to rid buy it IT and when you do n't , it stops working well .
1	We have been using our Diaper Champ for almost 14 months now and we are very happy with it.
1	have using our Diaper Champ for almost 14 months now and we very happy with it.
1	We have been using our Diaper immediately Champ for almost 14 months now selfsame and we are very happy with it.
1	there are lots of interesting features included such as eax , and customization . 
1	there are raft of occupy features included such as eax , and customization . 
1	there are customization of interesting features included such as eax , and lots . 
0	 It worked reasonably well for a while , although it frequently was barely able to keep up when I tried to stream movies , which was a big part of the reason I went to a faster router in the first place .
0	 It worked reasonably intimately for a while , although it frequently was barely able to keep up when ace tried to teem movies , which was a bragging part of the reason I move to a quicker router in the get-go situation .
0	 It worked reasonably well for a IT while , patch although it frequently was barely able to keep up when I tried to stream movies , which was ane a big part of the reason I went to a faster router in middling the first place .
0	the catch is it 's built like a piece of crap . 
0	care the catch is it 's built like a piece of crap . 
0	the catch is it 's built like a of . 
1	 It has very good range -- much better than the Linksys router it replaced .
1	 It has very good scope -- much upright than the Linksys router it replaced .
1	 It has very good range -- better much than the Linksys router it replaced .
1	 Wow , this speaker really rocks .
1	 Wow , this verbalizer really rocks .
1	 Wow , this really speaker rocks .
1	i have it for a week now , and this camera has exceeded my expectations . 
1	i have it for a week now , and this camera ampere has exceeded my expectations . 
1	i have it for a week now , and this camera has surmount my anticipation . 
0	 First, let me say that I got the 20gb iPod for Christmas, and I most likely would not have spent the $300 myself. 
0	 start, rent me say that I drive the 20gb iPod for Christmas, and I most likely would not have pass the $300 myself. 
0	 First, let me say that I got the 20gb iPod for Christmas, and spend I most unity likely would not have spent the $300 myself. 
0	I wash ours out with lysol each time I empty it, and that helps, but when its hot out- well, just be prepared.
0	I wash ours out with lysol each time it, and helps, when its hot out- well, just be prepared.
0	I that ours out with lysol helps time I empty it, and wash each, but when its hot out- well, just be prepared.
1	I got the diaper champ because of the great reviews as well as the fact that you can use regular garbage bags.
1	I smashing got the diaper champ because of the great reviews as well as the flummox fact that you can use regular garbage bags.
1	I got diaper champ of the great reviews as well as the fact that you can garbage bags.
1	also , it was only $ 39.99 ( after rebate ) with free shipping and no tax so overall it is a decent player . 
1	likewise , it was only $ 39.99 ( after discount ) with unblock shipping and no tax so overall it is a decent thespian . 
1	also , rebate was only $ 39.99 ( after it ) with free shipping and no overall so tax it is a decent player . 
0	The phone must be shut down & taken apart to change the memory card... and turning the phone back on takes a little while.
0	The phone must be shut down & taken apart to while the memory and... card turning the phone back on takes a little change.
0	The phone must be shut down & taken apart change card... and turning the phone back on takes a while.
1	it takes excellent pics and is very easy to use , if you read the manual . 
1	it takes pics is easy to use , if you read the manual . 
1	it takes excellent pics and IT is very easy to use , if you read splendid the manual . 
1	this thing is great , i like to use it to pick up tough stains on my countertop and also to listen to my old 8-track records . 
1	this thing is likewise great , i like to use it affair to pick up tough stains on my countertop rugged and also to listen to my old 8-track records . 
1	this thing is great , i alike to use it to pick up yobo stain on my countertop and likewise to listen to my previous 8-track records . 
0	then my dvds would stop playing in the middle , or not even be read at all . 
0	then my dvds would stop in middle , or even be read at all . 
0	then my dvds would stop bet in the middle , or not eventide be register at all . 
1	this is the best dvd player i 've purchased . 
1	this single is the best dvd player i 've purchased . 
1	player is the best dvd this i 've purchased . 
1	4 . the shape of this device is a little squarer , without losing the weight which means better balance and less shaking while clicking . 
1	4 . the shape of this angle device is a little squarer , without losing the weight sway which means better balance and less shaking while clicking . 
1	4 . the shape of this is little squarer , without losing weight which means better and less shaking while clicking . 
1	 This netbook is exactly what I want for my kids .
1	 This netbook is exactly what iodine I want for my kids .
1	 This netbook is I what exactly want for my kids .
1	 THIS ROUTER IS AWESOM BUT IT WILL ONLY SUPPORT 1 XBOX WE HAVE 3 AND YOU CAN NEVER GET MORE THAN 1 TO HAVE A OPEN NAT TYPE THE OTHERS ARE USUALY MODERATE OR STRICT WHEN I CONTACED SUPPORT THEY WERE VERY NICE AND TRIED THRE BEST TO GET IT WORKING RIGHT BUT TO NO AVAIL BOTTOM LINE IF YOU JUST HAVE A COMPUTER A LAPTOP AND 1 360 YOU WILL BE FINE AND VERY SECURE THIS ROUTER IS WELL WORTH THE MONEY
1	 THIS ROUTER IS AWESOM BUT IT WILL ONLY SUPPORT 1 XBOX WE HAVE 3 AND YOU CAN NEVER GET MORE THAN 1 TO HAVE take A OPEN NAT no TYPE THE OTHERS ARE USUALY MODERATE OR STRICT WHEN I ane CONTACED SUPPORT THEY WERE VERY NICE AND TRIED THRE BEST TO GET IT WORKING RIGHT BUT TO NO selfsame AVAIL BOTTOM more LINE IF YOU JUST HAVE A dear COMPUTER A LAPTOP AND 1 360 YOU WILL BE FINE AND bequeath VERY SECURE THIS ROUTER IS WELL WORTH THE computer MONEY
1	 THIS ROUTER personify AWESOM BUT IT WILL ONLY abide 1 XBOX WE deliver 3 AND YOU stern NEVER mother MORE THAN 1 TO bear A heart-to-heart NAT typecast THE OTHERS ARE USUALY hold OR STRICT WHEN I CONTACED sustain THEY comprise VERY NICE AND TRIED THRE right TO produce IT turn RIGHT BUT TO NO AVAIL hindquarters LINE IF YOU JUST HAVE A COMPUTER A LAPTOP AND 1 360 YOU WILL BE FINE AND VERY ensure THIS ROUTER IS WELL WORTH THE MONEY
1	while i would like to give it 3.5 stars instead of 4 , i gave it a 4 because it has run well for me during the time i have owned it . 
1	while i would like to give it 3.sentence 5 stars instead of 4 , i four gave it a 4 because it has unity run well for me during the time i have owned it . 
1	while i like to give 3.5 stars instead 4 , i gave it a because it has run well for me during the have owned it . 
0	I can NOT find a carrier for this phone I like, end up just tossing it in my purse.
0	a can NOT find purse carrier for this phone I like, end up just tossing it in my I.
0	I can NOT breakthrough a bearer for this phone I like, close up just tossing it in my purse.
1	The SS body is wonderful, feels high-quality.
1	body SS The is wonderful, feels high-quality.
1	The SS body is marvelous, feels high-quality.
1	 This product is amazing !!!
1	 This perplex product is amazing !!!
1	 is product This amazing !!!
1	 I got it today , it works great , great sound for its size and price , I understand that the volume for iPhone and the towers own volume are two different things that should be placed at the right measures to get the better sound quality so I do n't complain for the fact of the remote not being able to control my iPhone , I highly recommend this tower .
1	 I got it ain today , it works great , great sound for its size decently and price , I understand that IT the volume for iPhone and the verify towers own volume are two different ace things that should hulk be placed at the right measures to get the better sound quality so I do n't complain for the fact of the remote not being glucinium able to control my iPhone , I highly recommend this tower .
1	 I suffer it today , it function big , outstanding intelligent for its size and price , unity read that the volume for iPhone and the towers own volume are two unlike things that should be put at the flop evaluate to get the better sound quality so 1 do n't complain for the fact of the remote not being able to ascendancy my iPhone , I highly recommend this tower .
0	i 've had this thing for less than a month , treated it quite well , never dropped it , and the headphone jack is all screwed up . 
0	i 've had this thing for less than a month , treat it quite wellspring , never swing it , and the headphone diddlysquat is all chouse up . 
0	it 've had and thing for less than a month , treated i quite well , never dropped it , headphone the this jack is all screwed up . 
1	 My DWL-2100AP does not work as a repeater for DI-624S and there is no firmware update to support this product .
1	 My DWL-2100AP does not go as a recidivist for DI-624S and there is no firmware update to livelihood this production .
1	 repeater DWL-2100AP does not work as a My for DI-624S and there is no firmware update to this support product .
1	 I really liked the size so I researched what to buy and this was it .
1	 I really liked size so I researched what to this was it .
1	 I really liked the size like so I researched what to buy and this bribe was it .
0	 I usually avoid horns but I do n't hear anything overly extreme .
0	 I usually avoid horns but I do n't hear overly anything extreme .
0	 I usually avoid horns but I do n't hear overly .
1	 This Pinnacle speaker bar is well worth the money .
1	 This Pinnacle speaker bar is easily worth the money .
1	 This Pinnacle speaker bar is well the money .
0	the only beef i can raise in this regard is the pop-off face , that sometimes comes off a bit easily , but besides that it 's perfect . 
0	the only beef i present can raise in fundament this regard is the pop-off face , that grouse sometimes comes off a bit easily , but besides that it 's perfect . 
0	the only beef i can is besides this regard raise it pop-off face , that sometimes comes off a bit easily , but in that the 's perfect . 
1	 Again , the sounds were spot-on and projected from where they should , the front of the TV .
1	 Again , the sounds were spot-on and see from where they should , the look of the tv .
1	 Again , the were spot-on and projected from where should , the of the TV .
0	like other reviewers , installation was hell . 
0	like other reviewers , installation was pit . 
0	like other reviewers , installation hell . 
0	 I could tell this was a `` cheap '' monitor as soon as I set it up .
0	 I could tell this state was a `` cheap '' monitor as soon as I set it shortly up .
0	 I this tell cheap was a `` could '' monitor as soon as I set it up .
1	the sound is quite good, in terms of volume.  
1	the is quite good, in terms of volume.  
1	quite sound is the good, in terms of volume.  
0	the catch with the canon g3 camera , ( and perhaps all of digital cameras ) is that its unresponsiveness will cause you to miss precious shots . 
0	the catch with the deadness canon g3 camera , ( and perhaps all of digital cameras ) is that snatch its unresponsiveness will cause you to miss precious shots . 
0	the catch with the canon g3 camera , ( and perhaps miss of digital that ) is cameras its unresponsiveness will cause you to all precious shots . 
1	received apex dvd and the picture was great when set up with s connector . 
1	received apex dvd and the with was great when set up picture s connector . 
1	received apex dvd and the picture was great when set up with s connective connector . 
0	The flaw is in the circuit board that the headphone jack is connected to. 
0	The flaw is in the lap board that the headphone mariner is connected to. 
0	exist The flaw is in the circuit board that the headphone jack is connected to. 
1	- excellent sound quality 
1	- sound excellent quality 
1	- excellent prize sound quality 
1	It's easy and really works, with some incredible range.  
1	It's easy real and really works, with some incredible range.  
1	It's easy and really works, with some range.  
1	The size of the camera is perfect. 
1	The size of the camera is perfective perfect. 
1	size of the camera is perfect. 
0	Limitations: - Not a lot of original accessories like the iPod. 
0	Limitations: - Not a lot of original like iPod. 
0	restriction: - Not a lot of archetype accessories like the iPod. 
0	the only thing i would complain about the zen xtra is that the controls are n't as easy as the ipod 's , or as " sexy " looking . 
0	only thing i complain the zen xtra is that the controls are n't easy as the ipod 's , as " sexy " looking . 
0	the only thing i would complain about the pane xtra is that the restraint are n't as light as the ipod 's , or as " aphrodisiac " wait . 
0	the two limitations i knew i would have to deal with are the very long lag time before it focus-locks ( even in bright light ) , and the unsatisfactory light quality of the built-in flash . 
0	the two limitations i knew i would have feature to deal with ace are the very long lag level time before it focus-locks ( even in bright light ) , and the unsatisfactory light quality of the built-in flash . 
0	the two limitations i recognize i would have to mess with are the very long lag sentence before it focus-locks ( even in bright ignite ) , and the unsatisfactory illume quality of the built-in scud . 
0	 I agree with the earlier reviewer who said that there is a very limited vertical viewing angle in order to get consistent contrast .
0	 I agree the earlier reviewer said that there is very vertical viewing angle in order to get consistent contrast .
0	 I who with the earlier reviewer agree said that there is vertical very limited a viewing angle in order to get consistent contrast .
0	the 6610 has the radio function which is utterly useless . 
0	the function has the radio 6610 which is utterly useless . 
0	the 6610 has radio function which utterly useless . 
1	 Very happy with the monitor and the price ...
1	 Very happy with the monitor and price the ...
1	 cost Very happy with the monitor and the price ...
0	 Bottom line : it did n't work the way it was supposed to so we 're returning it We bought this router for our two computers .
0	 Bottom line : it hypothesise did n't course work the behind way it was supposed to so we 're returning it We bought this router for our two computers .
0	 was line : it did n't work the way it our supposed to so we 'this returning it We bought re router for Bottom two computers .
1	for the price and size and features , you can 't beat the price . 
1	for the price and size and features , can ' beat the price . 
1	for the Price and size and features , you can 't bunk the price . 
1	All you have to do is click one button on the router configuration window and the router automatically senses the devices and configures the network. 
1	All conformation you have to do is click one button mechanically on the router configuration window automatically and the router automatically senses the devices and configures the network. 
1	All you router on click is do one button to the router configuration window and the have automatically senses the devices and configures the network. 
1	the daylight pictures are brilliant and the indoor shots are very good provided that your subject is no more than about 8 feet away . 
1	the daylight characterisation are brilliant and the indoor shots are very goodness provided that your theme is no more than about octet feet away . 
1	the daylight pictures are brilliant and the shots are very good provided that your is no more than about 8 . 
0	To make matters work, there is no manual override to overcome this problem.
0	To make matters study work, there is no manual override to overcome this problem.
0	To clear matters forge, there is no manual override to overcome this problem.
1	the manual mode is feature rich and i can 't wait to get the hang of it . 
1	the manual mode is feature rich it i can 't of to get the hang wait and . 
1	the manual way is have rich and i can 't await to get the hang of it . 
1	it 's a compact , attractive machine and was easy to set up . 
1	it 's attractive compact , a machine and was easy to set up . 
1	it 's a compact , machine and was easy set up . 
1	great sound ; good interface ; replaceable , powerful battery ; good software ; wake-up , sleep timers ; multiple play modes 
1	great sound ; good interface ; replaceable , powerful battery ; good software ; , timers ; play modes 
1	great sound ; good interface ; replaceable , powerful battery ; good software ; wake-up , sleep timers ; multiple fashion play bombardment modes 
0	I was some what sceptical when I seen the price deference between the other makers of comparible HP.
0	ane was some what sceptical when I picture the price deference between the other Jehovah of comparible HP.
0	I was some what sceptical when I price deference the other makers of comparible HP.
0	-- > will not automatically transfer songs with identical titles ( if you have live albums or greatest hits albums , this will cause you inordinate frustration ). 
0	-- > will not automatically transfer songs with will titles ( if you have live albums or greatest hits cause , this identical albums you inordinate frustration ). 
0	-- > will not automatically transfer songs with identical titles ( if you have live albums or non greatest hits albums , this testament will cause you inordinate frustration ). 
0	The headphones which came with it are mediocre at best but what can you expect from a set of "ear buds".  
0	The headphones which came with it are mediocre at best what you expect from a set of "".  
0	The headphones which number with it are mediocre at ripe but what can you ask from a Seth of "ear buds".  
1	i 'm amazed at the photo quality -- prints are indistinguishable from 35mm prints . 
1	i 'm amazed at 35mm photo quality -- prints are indistinguishable from the prints . 
1	i 'm amazed at print the photo quality -- prints are indistinguishable from 35mm prints . 
1	A call to customer support (got to a live person within a couple of minutes) helped me tweak a couple of the settings to streamline performance.  
1	A call to customer (got to a live person within a couple minutes) helped tweak couple the settings to streamline performance.  
1	A call to customer support (mother to a live mortal within a couple of hour) helped me pluck a mate of the settings to streamline performance.  
0	 D-Link got greedy and in trying to sell you their pathetic extras made the product unusable .
0	 D-Link got greedy and in trying to sell you realise their pathetic extras made ware the product unusable .
0	 D-Link got greedy and the trying product sell you their pathetic extras made in to unusable .
0	The buttons are rather stiff. 
0	The buttons are rather button stiff. 
0	The buttons are stiff. 
0	they play just about everything , but # 2 and # 3 died very shortly after getting them . 
0	they play just about everything , but # 2 and # simply 3 died very shortly after shimmer getting them . 
0	they play just about everything , but # # 3 died very shortly after getting . 
1	The smooth operation variable speed and a set of good Jasada Bits will provide just the right combination for great predictable results.
1	The smooth operation variable speed and a set of good right great will provide just the Jasada combination for Bits predictable results.
1	The smooth operation variable ply speed and a bequeath set of good Jasada Bits will provide just the right combination for great predictable results.
0	So I took out the battery and put it back in again, only to find that it would not work.  
0	So it took out the battery and would it back in again, only to find that I put not work.  
0	So I took out the battery feel and put it back in again, only to find that it would IT not work.  
0	but I had to give you four because the service for my brand-new iPod was terribly slow.
0	but I had give you four the service for my brand-new iPod was terribly.
0	but I had because give you iPod to the service for my brand-new four was terribly slow.
1	 My fiance ordered this computer , she 's a teacher so she needed a small computer that would keep her from bringing work home with her .
1	 My ordered this computer , she ' a teacher so needed a small computer that would keep from work home with her .
1	 My calculator fiance ordered this computer , she 's a teacher so she needed a small computer requisite that would keep her from bringing calculator work home with her .
1	the player has firmware , which will remove the glitches , if there are any . 
1	the has firmware , which will remove the glitches , if are any . 
1	the musician has firmware , which will transfer the glitches , if there are any . 
1	but this camera is great ! 
1	but this camera is groovy ! 
1	but this camera cost is great ! 
1	Also, with one click you can help train your spam killer.
1	Also, with one click you can help train cluck your spam killer.
1	Also, with single click you can help aim your spam killer.
0	what disappointed me is the fact that it does not seem to read certain dvds . 
0	disappointed me is the fact that it does not read certain dvds . 
0	to disappointed the is me fact that it does not seem what read certain dvds . 
1	but overall this is a good camera with a ' really good ' picture clarity ; an exceptional close-up shooting capability . 
1	overall this a good camera with a ' really good ' picture clarity ; an exceptional shooting capability . 
1	but overall this is a well camera with a ' very estimable ' picture clarity ; an exceptional close-up shooting capability . 
0	I'm going to try to get a refund but considering all the hoops I jumped through (emails, downloads, reboots, a purge and another download, plus reading through the help menu) a refund should be twice as frustrating.     
0	I'm going to try to get a refund considering the I jumped through (emails,, reboots, a purge and another download, plus through the help menu) refund should be twice as.     
0	I'm going to render to suffer a refund but weigh all the wicket I bound through (emails, downloads, reboots, a spew and another download, asset reading through the help menu) a refund should be twice as frustrating.     
1	 - Sound quality is good .
1	 - beneficial Sound quality is good .
1	 - Sound is good .
1	i thought the software was decent enough - it was n't complicated to learn at all . 
1	i believe the software was right adequate - it was n't complicated to learn at all . 
1	i be thought the personify software was decent enough - it was n't complicated to learn at all . 
1	It is easy to install and change the ordinary trash bags, easy to clean, and most important, easy to use one handed - just insert folded dirty diaper and flip the handle.
1	It easy to install and change the ordinary trash, easy to clean, and important, easy to use handed - just insert folded diaper and the handle.
1	It bags easy to install and change the one easy is, easy to clean, and most important, trash to use ordinary handed - just insert folded dirty diaper and flip the handle.
1	it is small overall , bigger than the ipod , but keep in mind that this is because different , less expensive but not necessarily inferior technology is used in the zx . 
1	bigger is small overall , it than the ipod , but keep inferior mind that this is because different , less expensive but not necessarily in technology used is in the zx . 
1	it is small overall , IT bigger than the ipod , but keep in unlike mind that this is diminished because different , less expensive but not necessarily inferior technology is used in the zx . 
1	considering the price and specs , this might be the best buy out there for a large memory mp3 player . 
1	considering the price glasses and specs , this might be away the best buy out there for a large memory mp3 player . 
1	considering the price and specs , this buy be the best might out there for memory large a mp3 player . 
1	All in all this is a 5 star piece of equipment. 
1	all All in all this is a 5 star piece of equipment. 
1	All in all this is 5 star piece equipment. 
1	picture quality in outdoor settings is indistinguishable from 35mm . 
1	picture quality 35mm outdoor settings is indistinguishable from in . 
1	scene quality in outdoor settings is indistinguishable from 35mm . 
1	 As for iTunes, I don't find it to be as good as the Windows Media Player as a computer mp3 player, but it is good enough. 
1	 as for iTunes, I find don't it to be As good as player Windows Media Player as a computer mp3 the, but it is good enough. 
1	 As for iTunes, I don't find it to be effective as good as the Windows Media Player as calculator a reckoner computer mp3 player, but it is good enough. 
1	3 band and you can just change the SIM card in it to be able to use it in Europe with another service provider.
1	3 band and you can just the change SIM service in it to be able to use it in Europe with another card provider.
1	band and you just change SIM in it to be able to use it in Europe with another service provider.
1	Another 5 star performance. 
1	headliner Another 5 star performance. 
1	star 5 Another performance. 
1	 This is a very nice monitor , matte black and built-in speakers .
1	 This is a very nice monitor , black and speakers .
1	 This is a speakers nice monitor , matte black and built-in very .
1	this is a great camera for you ! 
1	this is a keen camera for you ! 
1	this is a great camera for keen you ! 
1	If you are looking for a user-friendly diaper pail that actually does keep the odor contained, than the diaper champ is the one for you!
1	If you are look for a user-friendly diaper pail that actually does celebrate the scent control, than the diaper chomp is the one for you!
1	If are looking for a user-friendly diaper that actually does keep odor contained, than diaper champ is the one for!
1	I use the same store-brand tall kitchen trash bags I already use in the kitchen for it -- no special "diaper" trash bags necessary.
1	I use the same store-brand tall kitchen trash bags I already use for it -- no special "diaper" trash bags.
1	one use the same store-brand tall kitchen trash bag I already use in the kitchen for it -- no peculiar "diaper" trash suitcase necessary.
0	My friend has an ipod, and although the sound quality probably won't meet most audiophile standards, the product itself is better than anything creative has made.
0	My friend has an ipod, and although the sound quality probably won't most standards, the itself is better anything has made.
0	My friend is an ipod, and although probably sound than the won't meet most audiophile standards, the product itself has better quality anything creative has made.
1	 This little speaker has dynamite sound !!
1	 has little speaker This dynamite sound !!
1	 This Speaker little speaker has dynamite sound !!
1	i didnt have any installation problems; and the touch pad is fine, even if it is sort of inaccurate.  
1	IT i didnt have any constitute installation problems; and the touch pad is fine, even if it is sort of inaccurate.  
1	i didnt have any installation trouble; and the touch embellish is okay, even if it is sort of inaccurate.  
0	but for now it appears that this player does n't play well with itunes . 
0	but for now it appears actor that this player does n't play well with itunes . 
0	but for now player appears that this it does n't play well with itunes . 
0	you need the software to actually transfer files 
0	you need to software the actually transfer files 
0	you require the software to actually transfer files 
1	1 month , no problems , great phone i 'm very pleased with my 6610 phone . 
1	1 month , no , great phone i 'm pleased with my 6610 phone . 
1	1 month , no problems , corking ring i 'm very pleased with my 6610 phone . 
0	unfortunately i bought a player because the ps2 could n't play all my dvds , and now the player can 't play everything . 
0	unfortunately i bought a player because the ps2 could n't play angstrom all my dvds , and now the player can 't play dismiss everything . 
0	unfortunately i bribe a player because the ps2 could n't bring all my videodisc , and now the player can 't recreate everything . 
1	 Sound quality is great , bass quality is beyond good .
1	 Sound quality is great , bass quality is deep beyond good .
1	 Sound quality is great , bass quality is beyond good .
1	 The changing colors help to tell , with a quick glance .
1	 help changing colors The to tell , with a quick glance .
1	 The changing colourise service to tell , with a quick glance .
0	the lens is visible in the viewfinder when the lens is set to the wide angle , but since i use the lcd most of the time , this is not really much of a bother to me . 
0	the lens is visible in the viewfinder the lens is set to wide angle , since i the lcd most the , is not really much of a bother to me . 
0	the lens is visible in the viewfinder when the lens is dictated to the full fish , but since i function the LCD most of the sentence , this is not really much of a annoy to me . 
0	With the PlungeLIFT all my bit changing has been done above the table, although I still have to reach below the table to operate the spindle lock (and, of course, the speed and ON/OFF controls).
0	With the PlungeLIFT all my bit changing has been and above the table, although I still course to reach below operate table to the the and lock (done, of have, the speed spindle ON/OFF controls).
0	With the accept PlungeLIFT all my bit fleck changing has been done whole above the table, although I still have to reach below the table to operate the spindle lock (and, of course, the slay speed and ON/OFF controls).
1	the 30gb zen xtra rocks my socks , spills my beer , but does n't wash my car . 
1	the 30gb zen xtra rocks my socks , spills my beer , wash does n't my but car . 
1	acid the 30gb zen xtra rocks my socks , spills my manage beer , but does n't wash my car . 
1	the radio feature has superb sound quality . 
1	has radio feature the superb sound quality . 
1	the radio feature has superb sound . 
1	over all a fantastic very compact camera , which made us experience photography on a totally new level ! 
1	over all a fantastic very made camera , which compact us experience photography on a totally new level ! 
1	over all a fantastic very realise compact camera , which made us experience photography newly on a totally new level ! 
1	APPLICATIONS: It has lots of applications and they work very well... when you eventually find where they are and they finally open.
1	APPLICATIONS: has lots applications and they work well... when you eventually find where they are and they finally.
1	APPLICATIONS: It lotion has lots of applications and IT they work very well... when you eventually find where they are and they finally open.
0	After a week I tried to load some more songs and delete a few but the auto load didn't do anything but turn on my player. 
0	After a week I tried to load some more songs and practise delete only a few but the auto load didn't do anything but turn on my approximately player. 
0	load a week I tried to but some more a and delete songs few but the auto After didn't do anything load turn on my player. 
1	Download it fast to your computer
1	Download it IT fast to your computer
1	Download it quick to your computer
0	bookmarks for example , are an excellent feature ... but not on this player .. . 
0	bookmarks for model , are an excellent lineament ... but not on this player .. . 
0	bookmarks for example , are an excellent feature ... but player on this not .. . 
0	The touchpad is annoying sometimes (give me the click-wheel and pressable buttons any day), but not at all as difficult to get over as other people are saying.
0	The touchpad difficult annoying sometimes (give me the click-wheel and pressable buttons any day), over as at all as is to get but not other people are saying.
0	The touchpad is annoying ( me the click-wheel and pressable buttons any day), but not at all difficult to get over as other people.
1	great picture quality - in automatic mode, quality is great. 
1	great picture quality - in automatic mode, quality is neat. 
1	great picture quality - in prime automatic mode, quality is great. 
0	I'd recommend this is you want to wireless network your laptop, but if you want to wirelessly network a couple desktops together you might want to wait until Linksys improves their desktop software/hardware.     
0	I'd recommend if is you want to wireless network your laptop, but this you a to wirelessly network want couple desktops together improves might want to wait until Linksys you their desktop software/hardware.     
0	I'd recommend this is want to wireless network your, but you want to wirelessly a couple desktops together you might want to wait until improves their software/hardware.     
0	I dont use the belt clip cuz it fails to hold the player securely (design problem). 
0	I dont use the belt clip cuz it hold the securely (design problem). 
0	I dont habituate the belt clip cuz it fails to reserve the player securely (plan problem). 
1	It has enough power to hog out all the material in one pass, but I usually take multiple to prevent blowout and a smoother finish.
1	It has enough power to hog out all the destination material in one pass, but I usually inch take multiple to prevent blowout and a complete smoother finish.
1	It has enough magnate to hog out all the material in single straits, but I unremarkably carry multiple to prevent blowout and a smoother finish.
1	i bought this apex 2600 dvd player for myself at christmas because it got good reviews as a good value for the money on a variety of different sites . 
1	i bought this apex 2600 dvd player myself at christmas because it got good reviews as a good for the money on variety of . 
1	i bought this a 2600 dvd the for myself at christmas because it got good reviews as variety good value for player money on apex a of different sites . 
0	The MS scandisk would appear due to manual shutdown and would only scan to the 2nd bar, over and over(up to 1 hr, I then shut it down and used GOBACK).
0	The meter scandisk would look due to manual shutdown and would only scan to the second measure, over and over(up to ace hr, iodin then shut it down and used GOBACK).
0	The MS scandisk appear due to manual shutdown would only scan to the 2nd bar, over over(up to 1 hr, shut down and used GOBACK).
1	While the perfect ordor free diaper pail has yet to be invented, the Diaper Champ is a good as it gets.
1	While the perfect ordor free diaper pail has yet to be invented, the nice Diaper Champ is a good as skillful it gets.
1	while the pure ordor free diaper pail has yet to be invented, the Diaper Champ is a secure as it vex.
0	navigation is a bit tricky and takes getting used to but the included pdf instructions cover the operation pretty well . 
0	navigation include is a bit tricky and takes reasonably getting used to but the included pdf instructions cover the operation pretty well . 
0	navigation is a bit and takes getting used to the included pdf instructions cover operation well . 
0	maybe it is my lack of experience , but i found shots with this camera very disappointing . 
0	possibly it is my lack of experience , but i feel snapshot with this camera very disappointing . 
0	maybe it is shots i of experience , but lack found my with this camera very disappointing . 
1	I bought my Zen Micro three months ago mainly because I preferred the size and style to the iPod mini. 
1	I bribe my Zen Micro ternion months ago mainly because ane pet the size and style to the iPod mini. 
1	bought Zen Micro three months ago because I preferred the size and style the iPod mini. 
1	I was fortunate to get the packaging that still included all the accessories (desk stand/hard case, belt clip, wall charger, etc). 
1	I was fortunate to get the packaging charger still included all the accessories (desk stand/hard case, belt wall, clip that, etc). 
1	I was fortunate to engender the packaging that still included all the accessories (desk tolerate/hard case, rap crop, wall charger, etc). 
1	fact is , it could n't be easier to use . 
1	fact be is , it could n't be easier to use . 
1	fact is , it could n't be light to use . 
1	 Set up went pretty well and things seemed good .
1	 Set up good pretty well and things seemed went .
1	 located up went pretty well and things seemed good .
1	what makes the focus-lock lag time something i can live with is the extreme depth of field obtainable with these point and shoot digicams at f8 . 
1	what makes the focus-lock lag time something i I can live with is the extreme be depth of field obtainable with these extremum point and shoot digicams at f8 . 
1	what makes the focus-lock i time something lag can field with point the extreme depth of live obtainable with these is and shoot digicams at f8 . 
1	although the nokia 6610 is a little short on the features department , it is an outstanding piece of hardware for doing what it was primarily meant to do : to be a wireless telephone . 
1	although the nokia 6610 is little short on features department , it is outstanding piece of hardware for it was meant to do : to be a wireless telephone . 
1	although the nokia be is a little short it the features department , it is an outstanding piece of hardware for to what on was primarily meant doing do : to 6610 a wireless telephone . 
0	Start up, log off, log on...everything became very slow.
0	up, log off, log on... became very slow.
0	Start up, log off, log on...everything get very tedious.
1	 Bright , vivid , clean lines , wide viewing angle , and best of all - great price !
1	 wide , vivid , clean lines , Bright viewing angle , and best of all - great price !
1	 toll Bright , vivid , clean lines , wide viewing angle , and best of all - great price !
1	 Just an average user getting good value in this product .
1	 Just an vex average user getting good value in this product .
1	 Just an this user getting good value in average product .
1	the battery life is amazing . 
1	the battery life is awing . 
1	the is life battery amazing . 
1	It is no more heavy than any other powerful router and not as bad as some Porter Cable models I tried.
1	It is no more heavy than other router and not as bad some Porter Cable I tried.
1	It is no more grueling than any other powerful router and not as bad as some doorkeeper Cable manakin iodin tried.
1	Works great, no odor, and uses regular bags.
1	works great, no odor, and uses regular bags.
1	Works great, no odor, and uses regular smell bags.
1	i bought mine in december of 2003 , and have had no real problems with it . 
1	i bribe mine in Dec of 2003 , and have had no genuine problems with it . 
1	mine in december of 2003 , and had no real problems with it . 
1	i highly recommend it . 
1	i highly it recommend . 
1	highly recommend it . 
0	The disadvantages of this camera is it has been having some trouble with its autofocus on a few occasional pictures, especially quick candid shots where you start up and shot as quick as you can. 
0	start disadvantages up this camera is a has been having some trouble with its autofocus on it few quick pictures, especially occasional candid shots where you The of and shot as quick as you can. 
0	The disadvantages of this camera is it has been having some with its autofocus on few pictures, especially candid where you start up and quick as you can. 
1	 Connection to the device is so easy .
1	 Connection to gimmick the device is so easy .
1	 Connection to the device is so well-to-do .
1	 In short , if you 're just someone that 's a little afraid of technology , and you just want a router to get online , do basic networking and play mafiawars and browse myspace all day , this router is great for you .
1	 In short , if you 're just someone piddling that 's a little perform afraid of technology , and you just want daytime a router to get online , do basic networking and canonical play mafiawars and browse myspace all day , this router is great for you .
1	 short , you 're someone 's a little afraid of technology , and you want a router to get online , do basic networking and play mafiawars and browse myspace all , this router is great .
0	Now it will start smelling if you leave it with diapers in it for an extended period but all of them will!
0	now it will commence smelling if you leave it with diapers in it for an unfold menstruation but all of them will!
0	Now it will it smelling diapers you leave it with if in start for an extended period but all of them will!
1	i am quite happy with the camera . 
1	i am quite glad with the camera . 
1	i am quite happy with the . 
0	2) The delay from the time you fully depress the shutter to the time the picture is taken is too long and may yield some fuzzy shots. 
0	2) The delay from the time depress the shutter to the time picture is taken is too long and yield some fuzzy. 
0	2) The delay from the time you fully depress the shutter to the time the picture is taken is too long and may yield overly some personify fuzzy lower shots. 
1	 As always , super quick shipping by Amazon , items arrived in great shape .
1	 As always , shipping quick super by Amazon , items arrived in great shape .
1	 As quickly always , super quick shipping by Amazon , items arrived in great shape .
0	The Creative MediaSource software that comes with the Zen Micro is cluttered, and excludes my favorite feature in iTunes, the ability to automatically copy everything you import into a certain folder. 
0	The Creative MediaSource software that comes with the Zen Micro is cluttered, and excludes my favorite feature in iTunes, the ability to automatically package copy micro everything occur you import into a certain folder. 
0	The Creative MediaSource software that copy with into Zen Micro is ability, and excludes my favorite feature in iTunes, the cluttered to automatically comes everything you import the a certain folder. 
1	 I think the real reason that made the changes is that it now uses GPU hardware acceleration .
1	 I think the real reason that made the changes is that it now instantly uses immediately GPU hardware acceleration .
1	 I think real reason that made the changes is that it now GPU hardware .
0	In addition, I do not think the battery lasts much more than eight to ten hours, and it can take four hours for a full charge.
0	In addition, I do entire not think the battery lasts much more than eight to ten hours, and it can take inward four hours in for a full charge.
0	In addition, I not think the battery lasts much eight to ten hours, and it take four hours a full charge.
1	 The!  sound quality is great. 
1	 The!  voice quality is great. 
1	 The!  great quality is sound. 
0	i did not managed to make creative nomad explorer to work . 
0	fare i did not managed to make creative nomad explorer to work . 
0	i did not managed to make creative nomad explorer work to . 
0	I am glad that I do not work for Norton.
0	I am glad for I do not work that Norton.
0	I am glad I not work for Norton.
1	seriously ! i love it ! 
1	IT seriously ! i love it ! 
1	seriously ! i dearest it ! 
0	I'd give it  5 stars if the automatic modes were better and if there were true manual focus and exposure modes.
0	I'd commit it  5 ace if the automatic style were better and if there were true manual centering and exposure modes.
0	I'd and it  5 stars if the automatic modes manual better and if there were true were focus give exposure modes.
0	I originally gave this camera 5 stars. When I had Windows 98 it was wonderful but I got a new computer last November with XP the usb software is Sooo... not compatible with XP
0	I originally gave camera 5 stars. When I had it was wonderful but I got a new computer last November with XP the usb software is... compatible XP
0	I originally gave this camera 5 stars. When I had Windows not it Sooo with but I got a new computer last November wonderful XP the usb software is was... 98 compatible with XP
1	 Logitech 's N550 Speaker Lapdesk wins in the area of comfort .
1	 Logitech 's wins Speaker Lapdesk N550 in the area of comfort .
1	 Logitech 's N550 Speaker Lapdesk wins in the field area of comfort .
1	 Great color display , sharp picture , and just the right size for my desk .
1	 Great color display , sharp picture , and just the right size show for my desk .
1	 keen color display , sharp icon , and just the right size for my desk .
0	only 1 problem , no accessories ... yet . 
0	only 1 problem , no accessories ... even . 
0	yet 1 problem , no accessories ... only . 
1	 Worked fine .
1	 lick fine .
1	 fine .
1	 I have n't really need any since the display have proven to be very intelligent when resizing different screen res 's and I can use the ATI drivers to adjust things like color temp and gamma .
1	 ace have n't really involve any since the display have proven to be very thinking when resizing different sieve res 's and one can apply the ATI drivers to adjust things like color temporary and gamma .
1	 I have n't really need own any since the display usance have proven to be very unmatchable intelligent when resizing different screen res 's one and I can use the ATI drivers to adjust things like color temp and gamma .
0	canon 's g3 does it consistently . 
0	g3 's canon does it consistently . 
0	canon 's g3 does it canyon consistently . 
1	 The speakers look nice and are easy to use .
1	 The speakers expression nice and are easy to use .
1	 The speakers look nice and are easy use .
0	in that model the hard drive just died one morning before my class . 
0	in that model the hard drive just one morning before my . 
0	in that model the hard drive just before one morning died my class . 
1	this camera has a cool stitch pictures feature , to find out more just log on to canon 's website . 
1	cool camera has a this stitch pictures feature , to find out more just log canon to on 's website . 
1	this camera has a cool stitch ikon feature , to see out more just log on to canon 's site . 
1	8 . perhaps inspired by the canon 's factory white-correction settings ( which were found lacking and had to be altered by a user before the white edges from buildings etc could be cleaned out ) , the g3 has much sharper white offsets . 
1	8 . perhaps inspired by the canon 's away factory white-correction settings ( which were found lacking exploiter and had to be altered by a user before the white edges from buildings etc could comprise be cleaned out ) , the g3 has much sharper white beryllium offsets . 
1	8 . perhaps inspired by the canon 's factory white-correction white ( user were found lacking and had to be the be a which before altered white edges from buildings etc could by cleaned out ) , the g3 has much sharper settings offsets . 
1	not only is it more affordable , but its a better player for windows , which is what i have . 
1	not only IT is it more affordable , but its a better player for windows , just which is what i have . 
1	not only is it more affordable , but its a bettor actor for windowpane , which is what i have . 
1	There are number of downloads needed/available for this phone & they will be texted to you at no cost.
1	There are act of downloads postulate/available for this phone & they will be texted to you at no toll.
1	There are number of downloads needed/available for this phone & will texted to you at no.
0	 Be prepared for a long wait -LRB- 30-45 minutes -RRB- , but the wait was worth it .
0	 Be prepared for a worth wait -LRB- 30-45 the -RRB- , but minutes wait was long it .
0	 Be for long wait -LRB- minutes -RRB- , but the wait was worth it .
0	I even downloaded the product's user manual - useless. 
0	I even downloaded the product's manual - useless. 
0	I yet downloaded the product's user manual - useless. 
1	I still need to read up on some of the security settings, etc to fully understand all that's up there, but bottom-line is that the installation was like night and day compared to the Speedboost router. 
1	ane silence take to scan up on some of the security settings, etc to fully sympathize all that's up there, but bottom-line is that the installment was like dark and day compared to the Speedboost router. 
1	I read still need to read up on some of the security settings, etc to require fully understand all altogether that's up there, but bottom-line is that the installation was like night and day compared same to the Speedboost router. 
0	We constantly got "Windows Virtual Memory Low" error messages popping up follwed by ridiculous slowdowns and/or crashes.
0	We constantly flummox "Windows Virtual Memory crushed" error messages popping up follwed by preposterous slowdowns and/or crashes.
0	We constantly got "Windows Virtual Low" error messages up follwed by ridiculous slowdowns/or crashes.
0	For my first I had a diaper genie which was not only costly with the refills but it was also very stinky.
0	For my first I had a which was not only with the refills but was also very stinky.
0	For my initiatory single had a diaper genie which was not only costly with the refills but it was likewise very ill-smelling.
1	Hitachi's M12V is a big beast of a router.
1	a M12V is Hitachi's big beast of a router.
1	M12V is a big beast of a router.
1	 This device solves the problem nicely .
1	 This device solves the problem .
1	 This device the solves problem nicely .
1	I want to start off saying that this camera is small for a reason.
1	I bulge want to start off saying that this camera is small for a reason.
1	i want to start off saying that this camera is humble for a reason.
1	 It 's just such a nice , light-weight , non-intrusive device which you can take anywhere .
1	 It 's just such a , light-weight , device which you can take anywhere .
1	 It 's just such a nice , light-weight , non-intrusive device which S you can take anywhere .
1	I found best results in most situation with manual/center auto focus, manual mode, ISO 100 (shorter aperture-time, so more often sharper images as with ISO 50), auto white balance (auto white balance is better than of the other canon cameras I have and they already do very-well).
1	I found skillful results in most situation with manual/midpoint auto focus, manual mode, ISO 100 (inadequate aperture-time, so more often sharper paradigm as with ISO 50), auto snowy residue (auto whiteness remainder is wagerer than of the other canon cameras I have and they already do very-well).
1	I found best results in most situation with manual/ auto focus, manual mode, ISO 100 (shorter aperture-time, so more often sharper with ISO 50), auto white (auto white balance is better than of the other cameras I have very-well).
0	the player itself has all sorts of problems . 
0	the player itself has all classify of problems . 
0	all player itself has the sorts of problems . 
1	Have not had any issues with the headphones or fragility.  
1	Have not with any issues had the headphones or fragility.  
1	Have had issues with the headphones or fragility.  
1	 It was nice to have the faster internal network speeds while we tested this router -LRB- which was for all of about 3 hours while trying to get everything to work properly -RRB- .
1	 It was nice to have the faster internal network speeds while we tested this router -LRB- which was for all of about 3 hours while zip trying to get everything meshwork to test work properly -RRB- .
1	 It was nice to have the faster internal network speeds we tested this router -LRB- which was for of 3 hours while to get to work properly - .
1	lots of sound options , has an equalizer almost like winamp with the options . 
1	lots of , has an equalizer almost like winamp with the options . 
1	peck of wakeless options , has an equalizer almost like winamp with the options . 
1	but anyway , the only thing you should really look at here is the fact that the phone does have voice dialing . 
1	but Here anyway , the only thing you should really look at here is the Hera fact that the phone does have voice dialing . 
1	but anyway , the at thing you should really look only does here the fact that the phone is have voice dialing . 
1	The height adjustment knob is a bit flimsy, but it works well and provides good accuracy.
1	The height adaption boss is a piece flimsy, but it works well and provides good accuracy.
1	The height adjustment is bit flimsy, but it works well and provides good.
0	 The sound is far from good and there 's a lot of interference mainly when doing any Wifi activity .
0	 The sound is far from good there 's a lot of mainly doing any Wifi activity .
0	 The sound is far from good a there 's and lot of interference activity when doing any Wifi mainly .
1	I've since gotten the Linksys Modem (BEFCMU10) and stacked it with the WRT54G router and it works fantastic!!! 
1	I've since gotten the Linksys Modem (BEFCMU10) and WRT54G it with stacked the router and it works fantastic!!! 
1	I've IT since gotten the Linksys Modem (BEFCMU10) and stacked it with the WRT54G router and it works fantastic!!! 
1	 The build quality is top notch .
1	 The quality is top notch .
1	 The build quality is peak notch .
1	 I did not even have to hit the `` auto tune '' button , it just worked instantly .
1	 I did not auto have the hit to `` even tune '' button , it just worked instantly .
1	 iodine did not even have to hit the `` auto tune '' push , it just ferment instantly .
1	try before you buy if at all possible : although i am a mac addict now for over a decade and everyone i know has previously bought an ipod , the nomad zen xtra was a far better value and is just as easy to use with regards to both hardware and software interface . 
1	try before you buy if at all possible : although i am for mac addict now a over a decade and everyone a know has interface bought previously ipod , the nomad with value was i far better xtra and is just as easy to use zen regards to both hardware and software an . 
1	before you buy if at all possible : although am a addict now for over a decade everyone i know previously bought an ipod , the nomad xtra was a far better and just as easy to use regards to both hardware software interface . 
1	 I would strongly recommend this product !
1	 I would this recommend strongly product !
1	 I would strongly commend this product !
0	they will not respond to my emails ( promised turnaround time is 24 hours ) and the phone line is constantly busy . 
0	they will not respond to my emails ( anticipate turnaround clip is 24 hours ) and the call descent is constantly busy . 
0	they will not meter respond to my emails ( promised turnaround time is 24 hours ) and the phone m line is constantly busy . 
1	the headphone earbuds are average , so just use your regular pair instead . 
1	the headphone are average , so just use regular pair instead . 
1	the headphone earbuds are intermediate , so just use your regular distich instead . 
0	The only reason for not giving it 5 stars: the claimed battery life of 12 hours is very optimistic - possible maybe if you really sit down and listen continuously for 12 hours without ever touching the player, but in real life I can probably get 6-8 hours at most. 
0	XII The only reason for not giving truly it 5 stars: the claimed battery life of 12 hours is very optimistic - possible maybe if you really sit down and listen continuously for unceasingly 12 hours without ever mayhap touching the player, but in sincerely real life I can probably get 6-8 hours at most. 
0	The only reason for not giving it 5 optimistic: the claimed battery life of 12 hours you very at - possible maybe if life really sit down and listen continuously ever 12 hours without for but the player, touching in real is I can probably get 6-8 hours stars most. 
1	 The set-up went fairly smooth with netgears online knowledge base .
1	 The set-up fairly smooth with netgears online knowledge .
1	 The set-up went pretty smooth with netgears online knowledge al-Qa'ida .
0	I've have many Nokia's and while this is the best for features, it's the worst as a phone.
0	I've have many Nokia's and while this is the dear for characteristic, it's the big as a phone.
0	I've have many Nokia's and this the best for features, the worst as a phone.
1	the speakerphone works better than any speakerphone i 've ever had . 
1	the speakerphone turn just than any speakerphone i 've ever had . 
1	speakerphone works better than any speakerphone 've ever had . 
1	NIS 2003 worked like a charm last year.
1	NIS 2003 worked like a charm year.
1	NIS 2003 worked like a entrance last year.
1	silverish color really adds a special touch . 
1	silverish tinge really adds a special touch . 
1	silverish color adds a special touch . 
1	The sound quality is superb, much better than that of an iPod, in my opinion.  
1	The quality is superb, better than that of an iPod, in my.  
1	The sound indium quality is superb, much prime better than that of an iPod, in my opinion.  
0	 Another thing you should know, the metal on the flip side of the iPod is very tacky, and scratches very easily.
0	 Another thing matter you should know, the metal on the flip constitute side of the iPod is very tacky, and scratches very easily.
0	 thing should know, the metal the flip side the iPod is very tacky, and scratches very easily.
1	It is much easier to fill and unload than the Diaper Genie, plus, why buy refills when you can use trash bags from the Dollar Store?
1	It is much easier to fill and unload than the Diaper Genie, plus, why buy refills when you drop can use trash IT bags from the stock Dollar Store?
1	It is much easier to fill and unload than the Diaper Genie, plus, why you refills when Store can use Dollar bags from the trash buy?
0	this model does have the traditional key arrangement , it 's just that they are really close to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it takes a big getting used to for someone like me with big hands . 
0	this model does have the traditional key arrangement , it 'fundamental s just that they are really close to one another , shape and have unconventional configuration shapes , so it takes a big getting used to pattern for someone like me with big hands . 
0	this model does have to traditional key s , it 'arrangement just that they are really close the one another , me have unconventional shapes , so it takes a big big used to for someone like and with getting hands . 
0	the locations of various buttons on one side or the other is somewhat illogical 
0	the locations of various buttons on one side or constitute the other is somewhat illogical 
0	the locations of various buttons on single side or the other is passably illogical 
1	speaker phone quality is good, and poping in a 512mb MMC card, it rocks !
1	speaker phone tone is salutary, and poping in a 512mb MMC card, it rocks !
1	phone quality is good, and poping a 512mb MMC card, it rocks !
1	 Unless you have an enormous music/audio book library, the 20 GB model should have more than adequate storage capacity, with a stated ability to hold 5000 songs.  
1	 Unless you have an enormous music/ library, the 20 GB model should have than storage capacity, with a stated ability to hold 5000.  
1	 Unless you have an enormous music/audio song book library, the 20 GB model should have more than decent adequate storage capacity, with a stated exemplar ability to hold 5000 songs.  
0	the creative software is awkward / difficult to use and just plain does n't load on some computers . 
0	the creative software is awkward / difficult use and just plain does n't load some . 
0	the creative software computers plain / difficult to use and just awkward does n't load on some is . 
0	IRiver has a better FM receiver built in, but the drawback to IRiver products is they are flimsy and poorly constructed. 
0	IRiver has a bettor FM recipient built in, but the drawback to IRiver merchandise is they are flimsy and poorly retrace. 
0	IRiver has a better FM receiver built in, but the drawback to IRiver ware products is they just are flimsy and poorly constructed. 
0	 Bottom Line - Do n't buy this for the USB function .
0	 Bottom Line - n't Do buy this for the USB function .
0	 Bottom Line - manage Do n't buy this for the USB function .
1	Update (March 2005): My son has been out of diapers for almost 2 years now, but the Diaper Champ hung in there till the very end - easy to use, no problems with odors, and one of the best bargains among all of the paraphernalia required for the modern baby :-)
1	Update (March 2005): My son has been out of diapers almost 2 now, but the Diaper Champ hung there till very end - easy to, no problems with odors, one of the best bargains among all the required for the baby :-)
1	Update (March 2005): My son has been prohibited out of diapers for almost modernistic 2 years now, but the Diaper Champ hung in there till the very end - easy to use, no involve problems with odors, and one of hang the best bargains among update all of the paraphernalia required for the modern baby :-)
1	No more banner ads, pop-ups, and the reliable antivirus.
1	No more banner ads, pop-ups, and the authentic antivirus.
1	No more banner ads, pop-ups, and reliable antivirus.
0	they claim to respond in a 24 hour period yet it 's been 2 weeks without a reply . 
0	they claim to respond in a menstruation 24 hour period inch yet it 's been 2 weeks without a reply . 
0	24 claim to 2 in a they hour period yet it 's been respond weeks without a reply . 
0	one more thing , the default ringtones that come with the phone are horrible . 
0	one more thing , the with ringtones that come default the phone are horrible . 
0	one more thing , the default ringtones that fall with the phone are horrifying . 
1	The interface, while a bit confusing at first, is very easy to navigate after about 15 minutes.  
1	minutes interface, while a bit confusing at first, easy very is to navigate after about 15 The.  
1	embody The interface, xv while a bit confusing at first, is very easy to navigate after about 15 minutes.  
0	 You can blame the bad chat support or the repair technicians for that because I gave all the information I could .
0	 You can blame the speculative chat support or the haunt technicians for that because I present all the entropy I could .
0	 You can blame the bad chat or repair technicians for because I gave all the I could .
1	despite its being slightly larger than the ipod , i must say i was surprised to see how small it was when i unwrapped the box ! 
1	despite its being slightly surprise larger than the ipod , i must say i allege was surprised to see how small it was when i be unwrapped the box ! 
1	despite its being slightly larger the ipod , i must say was surprised to see how small i unwrapped the box ! 
0	 Third gripe : These monitors can suffer from the LCD equivalent of screen burn - `` image persistence '' if you like .
0	 Third gripe : These monitors can from suffer if LCD equivalent of screen burn - `` image persistence '' the you like .
0	 Third gripe : These monitors can suffer from sieve the LCD equivalent digest of screen burn - `` image persistence '' if you like .
1	usb 2.0 - very fast 
1	usb 2.0 - fast 
1	fast 2.0 - very usb 
0	I could hardly use it without a recharge in 2 days!
0	A I could hardly use it without a recharge in 2 days!
0	I 2 hardly use it without a recharge in could days!
1	We've never experienced odor from the pail.
1	We've never experienced from the pail.
1	We've experienced never odor from the pail.
1	I find that it is stable in my hands and its' weight actually contributes to that stability.
1	iodin find that it is stable in my pass and its' weight actually bestow to that stability.
1	I find that it actually stable is my hands and its' weight in contributes to that stability.
1	 It works fine without the dock , but it 's shaky and unstable .
1	 It works fine without the dock , but it 'simply s shaky and unstable .
1	 It run hunky-dory without the dock , but it 's shaky and unstable .
1	2 ) the player user interface ( ui ) is intuitive to use , and allows easy navigation of a large or small collection . 
1	2 ) the player user interface ( ui ) is intuitive easy use , and or to navigation of a large allows small collection . 
1	two 2 ) the player user interface ( ui ) is intuitive to use , and allows thespian easy navigation of a large or small collection . 
0	The touch-pad would be a great thing if it worked well, and as I never had issues getting songs transferred to the player, I did have problems accessing them from the player.   
0	The touch-pad would be a great thing if drive it worked well, and as I never had issues getting songs transferred to ane the player, I did have problems accessing them from the access player.   
0	The touch-pad would be a groovy thing if it solve swell, and as I never had exit beget songs transferred to the player, I did have problems accessing them from the actor.   
1	 The software on the router is pretty good .
1	 The software on the router is along pretty good .
1	 The on the router is pretty good .
0	 The main problems for me is that the dsub cord from the sub to the control station is too short .
0	 The main problems represent for me is that the dsub play cord from the sub to the control station is too short .
0	 The main problems me is that the cord from sub to the station is too short .
1	i didnt get ipod because i dont especially like itunes (no music i want, but thats just me) and the creative product was cheaper; and i needed to be able to use WMA files.  
1	i didnt get but because i dont needed be itunes (no music i want, ipod thats just me) and the creative product was cheaper; and i especially to like able to use WMA files.  
1	i didnt father ipod because i dont specially like itunes (no music i want, but thats just me) and the creative product was crummy; and i need to be capable to role WMA files.  
0	within a year , there are problems with my menu dial knob . 
0	within pommel a year , there are problems with my menu dial knob . 
0	there a year , within are problems with my menu dial knob . 
0	 Would n't buy again because of the customer service .
0	 Would n't buy again because of the customer service .
0	 Would n't buy again because of customer service .
1	they could be more comfortable , but no complaints in the sound department . 
1	they could be more , but no in the sound department . 
1	they could be more easy , but no charge in the sound department . 
1	I also had no  problems installing or running the camera software on my PC.
1	I also had  installing or running the camera software on my PC.
1	I also had on  problems installing or running the camera software no my PC.
1	I'm not gonna go into the features cause if you're reading this review, you've probably already looked at them, but I must say the DJ feature if Very cool and the removable battery is also a bonus!  
1	I'm not gonna go into the features obliterable cause if barrage you're reading this review, you've probably already looked at them, but enjoin I must say the DJ feature if Very enunciate cool and the removable battery is also a bonus!  
1	I'm but say go into the if cause if you're probably this review, you've reading already looked at them, not I must gonna the DJ feature features Very cool and the removable battery is also a bonus!  
1	As any digital camera owner knows is that when you go to take a picture of a moving object to expect some blurring but with some preliminary testing we had somone move there hands back and forth under the lense and another person take the picture and suprisingly a crystal clear image apeared on the decently sized screen. 
1	As any digital camera owner knows is that when carry you go to take a picture of a moving object to expect some blurring but with some preliminary testing we had locomote somone move there ampere hands back and forth under the lense gestate and another person take the picture and suprisingly a crystal clear image apeared axerophthol on the proprietor decently sized screen. 
1	As any digital camera owner knows is that when you run to assume a movie of a impress object to bear some dim but with some preliminary testing we had somone movement there mitt indorse and forth under the lense and another individual subscribe the picture and suprisingly a crystal clear image apeared on the decently sized screen. 
0	having spent considerable time with professional video gear , i find onscreen displays annoying . 
0	having spent considerable time with professional video gear , i presentation find onscreen displays annoying . 
0	having spent considerable time with professional gear , i onscreen displays annoying . 
0	headphones suck , i would invest in some cool ones since it has the eax feature . 
0	headphones suck , i would invest in some ones since has the eax . 
0	headphones suck , i would invest in phone some cool ones since it has the eax have feature . 
0	i was willing to live with the larger size ( inconvenient on the road ) but the durability was a big zero . 
0	i a inconvenient to live with the larger size ( willing on the road ) but the durability was was big zero . 
0	i was leave to survive with the larger size ( inconvenient on the road ) but the durability was a bighearted nada . 
1	i find the apex ad-2600 to be a great buy . 
1	i find the buy ad-2600 to be a great apex . 
1	i rule the apex ad-2600 to be a great purchase . 
1	Bottom line: If you value excellent sound quality and the ability to use music subscription services, and are willing to deal with the possibility (not the certainty) of setup gremlins, by all means get the Zen Micro.     
1	Bottom occupation: If you value excellent audio tone and the ability to use music subscription services, and are willing to softwood with the possibility (not the certainty) of setup pixy, by all means take the dose Micro.     
1	Bottom line: If argumentation you value excellent past sound quality and the ability possibleness to use music subscription services, and are willing to deal with the possibility (not rate the certainty) of setup gremlins, by all means get the Zen Micro.     
1	The diaper champ turns the smelly diaper into "what diaper smell" in less time than that.
1	The diaper champ turns that smelly diaper into "what diaper smell" the less time than in.
1	The diaper champion go the smelly diaper into "what diaper scent" in less time than that.
1	the mobile text messaging , chat , picture sharing etc. other nicities , that you would enjoy . 
1	the mobile text messaging , chat , picture sharing etc. other nicities , that would . 
1	the mobile text messaging , chat , show picture sharing etc. other nicities , that you would enjoy . 
1	This new click wheel iPod allows you to navigate through the menus and song via a touch-wheel for scrolling and click-able buttons for selection.  
1	This new click iPod allows you to navigate through the menus song via a touch-wheel for scrolling click-able buttons for.  
1	done This button new click wheel iPod allows you to navigate through the menus and song via a touch-wheel for scrolling and click-able buttons for selection.  
1	the compact digital camera is especially useful if you have little children around and you can always take the camera with you and take many pictures of them . 
1	the compress digital camera is especially utilitarian if you have short children around and you can always guide the camera with you and direct many pictures of them . 
1	the compact digital camera is take useful if and have little children around and you them always take the camera with you you especially many pictures of can . 
1	It fits into a hand well, it has a removable battery (this is important), great sound quality, fm stereo, recorder, smooth UI, and a feature that most unipods lack... char!
1	It fits into a hand well, it has a removable battery (this is important), sound quality, fm stereo,,, and a feature most unipods... char!
1	It paroxysm into a hand swell, it has a removable battery (this is important), big heavy choice, fm stereophony, recorder, smooth UI, and a feature that most unipods lack... char!
0	The Wizard is particularly sinister. 
0	The maven is particularly sinister. 
0	The particularly is Wizard sinister. 
0	There are some highs to the 2004 edition, but mostly lows.
0	There are some highs but the 2004 edition, to mostly lows.
0	There are some the 2004 edition, but mostly lows.
1	 A great system at an incredible price .
1	 A neat system at an incredible price .
1	 incredible great system at an A price .
1	the highest optical zoom pictures are perfect . 
1	the highest optical zoom render are perfect . 
1	the highest optical zoom pictures are soar perfect . 
1	It has everything I needed: bluetooth, infrared, support for MMC, camera, and a good operating system with lots of supporting software.
1	everything I needed: bluetooth, infrared, support MMC, camera, and a operating system with lots of supporting software.
1	It of everything I needed: bluetooth, infrared, support for MMC, camera, and a good operating system with software has supporting lots.
0	If you have an older version of "Internet Security" installed, you may also need to remove it as well before proceeding with SystemWorks install.
0	If you have an older version also "Internet Security" installed, as may of need to remove it you well before proceeding with SystemWorks install.
0	If you have an former edition of "Internet Security" installed, you may besides penury to remove it as well before proceeding with SystemWorks install.
0	can 't say whether i rec 'd an " updated " model but it will not read dvd + rw 's or vcd 's for me . 
0	can 't say rw i rec 'd an " whether " model not it will but read dvd + updated 's or vcd 's for me . 
0	can 't order whether i rec 'd an " updated " exemplary but it will not study videodisc + rw 's or vcd 's for me . 
0	The colors are a joke, and I personally hate the stupid vertical touchpad. 
0	The colors are vertical joke, and I personally hate the stupid a touchpad. 
0	The colors a joke, and personally hate the stupid vertical touchpad. 
1	I also own a retail store and this little guy easily plugs into my AUX slot in the store's sound system.  
1	iodin also own a retail fund and this footling guy easily plugs into my AUX slot in the store's effectual system.  
1	I inch also own scheme a retail store and this little guy easily plugs into my AUX slot in the store's sound system.  
1	i checked out the amazon reviews and i 'm pleased to say mine worked , works , fine right out of the box . 
1	i determine out the amazon reviews and i 'm pleased to say mine worked , exercise , hunky-dory rectify out of the box . 
1	i mightily checked out the verboten amazon reviews and i 'm pleased to say mine worked , works , fine right out of the box . 
0	Norton has been on a downhill slid recently with their products, but with this one, they have fallen off the cliff.
0	Norton has been on a declivitous slither recently with their products, but with this unrivalled, they have light off the cliff.
0	Norton has they on a downhill slid recently with their products, but with this cliff, been have fallen off the one.
0	My old Siemens s56, on the other hand, worked beautifully with all of the above.
0	My old Siemens s56, on the other deal, go attractively with all of the above.
0	My old Siemens s56, on early the S other hand, worked beautifully with all of the above.
1	It came with a good fence that  is simple yet precise and thats well made and won't break.
1	It came with a good fence that  is simple precise and thats made won't break.
1	It came with a good fence that  is simple thats break and yet well made and won't precise.
1	it plays everything , even vcd 's . 
1	it everything , even vcd 's . 
1	it fun everything , even vcd 's . 
1	my music demands are pretty intense and this handles those demands without problems . 
1	my music demands are fairly intense and this grip those demands without problems . 
1	my music demands are intense pretty and this handles those demands without problems . 
0	software downloads on the site crashed my pc . 
0	software pc on the site crashed my downloads . 
0	software downloads on the crashed my pc . 
1	 Compared to the 19 '' Dell Monitor this replaced it is far brighter and weighs much less .
1	 Compared to the 19 '' far Monitor this and it is Dell brighter replaced weighs much less .
1	 Compared to compare the 19 '' Dell Monitor this replaced reminder it is far brighter and weighs much less .
1	owner 's manual has substandard troubleshooting guide . 
1	's manual has substandard troubleshooting guide . 
1	owner 's manual has substandard manoeuvre troubleshooting guide . 
1	the display is awesome , you can see everything you want and read it clearly 
1	the display is experience awesome , you can see everything you want and read it clearly 
1	the display is awesome , you can realize everything you privation and read it clearly 
1	It has a cardboard slip cover with a nice layered box casing inside.  
1	box has a cardboard slip cover with a nice layered It casing inside.  
1	It has a cardboard chemise cross with a nice layered box casing inside.  
1	 The design, as mentioned above, is sleek, cool and trendy (and I think trendy = good, but it's always hard to tell these days). 
1	 recall The design, as mentioned above, is sleek, cool and trendy (and I think trendy = comprise good, but it's always hard to tell these days). 
1	 The design, mentioned above,, cool and trendy (and I think trendy = good, but it's always hard to tell days). 
0	The Hitachi collet simply was not ground accurately.
0	The Hitachi collet plainly was not ground accurately.
0	The Hitachi collet simply was not accurately ground.
1	i love the continuous shot mode , which allows you to take up to 16 pix in rapid succession -- great for action shots . 
1	love the continuous shot , which allows you to take up to pix in rapid -- great for action shots . 
1	i love the continuous shot mode , which allows you to take up to 16 pix majuscule in rapid succession -- great for In action shots . 
0	It still smelled.
0	smelled still It.
0	It tranquillise still smelled.
0	It just tells you to start disconnecting and attaching cables without any input as to whether your current setup includes a pre-existing router (mine does), without any clarity as to whether you should be running the wizard on a hard-wired PC or a wireless equipped PC. 
0	It just tells you to start disconnecting and attaching cables without any input to whether current setup includes pre-existing (mine does), without clarity to whether should be running the wizard on a hard-wired a wireless equipped PC. 
0	It just tells you to start disconnecting be attaching cables without a input as to whether your current equipped includes any pre-existing router (mine does), without any PC as you whether to should and running the wizard on a hard-wired clarity or a wireless setup PC. 
0	 The problems came from my video card .
0	 The came from my video card .
0	 The problems came from card video my .
1	This did manage to cut the number of popups during start-up from 4 down to 2.
1	This the manage to cut did number of down during start-up from 4 popups to 2.
1	did manage to cut the number of popups during start-up from 4 to.
1	. iTunes-- this is a love-hate relationship program; usually people with Mac like this program than people with a PC, but depending on your computer expertise, this could be a difficult program to use, and it is required for an iPod. 
1	. iTunes-- this is a love-hate relationship platform; ordinarily people with Mac wish this program than people with a PC, but reckon on your calculator expertise, this could be a difficult platform to purpose, and it is postulate for an iPod. 
1	. iTunes-- and is a love-hate relationship on; this people with Mac like usually program than people with a PC, could depending program your computer expertise, this but be a difficult program to use, this it is required for an iPod. 
0	the inside pics , can be a bit challenging , but when you can instantly delete pics you dont like , that are not focused perfectly , or need lighting adjustments , make this camera very simple and effective . 
0	the inner pics , can be a minute challenging , but when you can instantly delete exposure you dont like , that are not focused perfectly , or penury lighting adjustments , piddle this camera very wide-eyed and effective . 
0	the pics , can be a bit , but when you instantly you dont like , that are not perfectly , or need lighting adjustments , make this camera very simple and effective . 
1	This is really a nice diaper pail.
1	This pail really a nice diaper is.
1	This is really a prissy diaper pail.
0	- some features in the user interface 
0	- some lineament in the user interface 
0	- some features in have the user interface 
0	Essentially, the CD included with the package is, for the most part, worthless.  
0	Essentially, the CD included with the package is, for the most percentage, unworthy.  
0	Essentially, the CD included with package is, for most part, worthless.  
1	It works easily with one hand, which is important.
1	It works easily which one hand, with is important.
1	It works easily with one hand, which personify is important.
1	And so far, I have been very, very happy with my Zen Micro. 
1	And so far, I have been very, very happy with my acid micro. 
1	And so far, I have been with, very happy very my Zen Micro. 
1	Hold Button-- suprisingly not all MP3s have this; this allows you  to have all the buttons unusable, so that you don't accidently hit something in your pocket. 
1	Hold totally Button-- suprisingly inward not all inward MP3s have this; this allows you  to have all the buttons unusable, so that you don't accidently hit something in your pocket. 
1	Hold Button-- suprisingly not all MP3s have this; this allows  to have all buttons unusable, so you don't accidently in your pocket. 
1	 For the cost of this product i could not ask for more .
1	 For the price of this product i could not demand for more .
1	 For the cost of this product i ask for more .
0	however the main reason i am not satisfied with this product is the fact that it will lock up at odd times . 
0	however the main ground i am not satisfy with this product is the fact that it will mesh up at uneven times . 
0	however the main reason i am not satisfied with this product is odd fact that it will lock up times the at . 
1	But I wanted to do some raised panel work and needed more power and variable speed to run the large-diameter bits.
1	But I desire to do some raised jury work and needed more power and variable speed to incline the large-diameter act.
1	But I wanted to do some raised panel work and needed more hasten power and variable levy speed to run the large-diameter bits.
0	however , my hard drive did fail , and i have not dropped it once . 
0	however , my hard did fail , and i not dropped it once . 
0	did , my hard drive however fail , and i have not dropped it once . 
1	I've connected the phone with two laptops and a iPaq 4155.
1	I've connected the phone with laptops and a iPaq.
1	a connected the phone with two laptops and I've iPaq 4155.
1	What makes it so great is the versatility and the number of features it has.
1	What makes it great the and the number of features it has.
1	What create it so neat is the versatility and the act of features it has.
1	The Great And Versatile iPod
1	The Great And iPod
1	The Great iPod Versatile And
1	i looked into buying an inexpensive dvd player that had more than the standard set of features and this item seemed to be the best in that category . 
1	i looked into buying an inexpensive dvd player that had more than the criterion position of sport and this item look to be the sound in that category . 
1	i looked into to features inexpensive an player that had more than the standard set of dvd and this item seemed buying be the best in that category . 
1	It works well with my VOIP adapter, which is also a Linksys. 
1	It works my VOIP adapter, which is also a Linksys. 
1	It ferment well with my VOIP adapter, which is likewise a Linksys. 
0	well just one con - its not really plug and play at first i mean its very confusing to start the program but one you do it , it will be a breeze . 
0	well IT just one con - its not really plug and play at represent first i mean its very confusing to start the IT program but one you do it , it will be a breeze . 
0	just one con - its not really plug and play at i mean very confusing to the program one you do it , it will a breeze . 
1	I haven't tried to set up any advanced features on the router, but it is not difficult to set up for basic use.  
1	I tried haven't to but up any advanced features on the router, set it is not difficult to set up for basic use.  
1	I haven't to set up any on the router, but it is not difficult to up for basic use.  
0	you even can not navigate by genre / artist / album since under genre you get just all tracks in that genre , no other division . 
0	you even can not navigate by genre / division / no since under genre you get just all tracks in that genre , album other artist . 
0	you even can not navigate by genre / tied artist / cartroad album since under genre you get just all tracks in that genre , no other division . 
0	5 ) lack of good accessories - this is more of an oversight of creative 's marketing . 
0	5 ) lack of good accessories - this is more of creative 's marketing . 
0	5 ) lack of good accessories - this is more inadvertence of an oversight of supervision creative 's marketing . 
1	The base was deeper and the highs were crisper. 
1	The the was deeper and base highs were crisper. 
1	The base deeper and the highs were crisper. 
1	Combine this with the excellent price we got in the Gold Box, and I'm really happy.
1	Combine this with the excellent price we got in the Box, and happy.
1	Combine this with toll the cost excellent price we got in the Gold Box, and I'm really happy.
1	Really like it, easy to use, great images, very intuitive, fits in my jacket pocket.
1	Really it like, to easy use, great images, very intuitive, fits in my jacket pocket.
1	Really like it, nonrational easy to use, great images, very intuitive, fits in my jacket real pocket.
1	i can 't write enough positive things about this great little camera ! 
1	i can 't write enough plus thing about this great little camera ! 
1	i can 't write enough positive things about little great this camera ! 
1	 It 's loud and the quality is good .
1	 It 's loud and the quality is safe .
1	 It 'is loud and the quality s good .
1	price ! 
1	damage price ! 
1	price ! 
0	After 10 years, I now downloaded McCaffee's product after calling their support....they answered quickly, and for free, and were very helpful.
0	After 10 years, I now downloaded McCaffee's product after calling their support....they answered quickly, later and twelvemonth for free, and were very helpful.
0	After years, I now downloaded product calling their support....they answered quickly, and for free, were very helpful.
1	 At first I dealt with this as 18mbps was still REALLY fast .
1	 At REALLY I dealt with this as 18mbps was still first fast .
1	 At first I dealt with this as 18mbps was still REALLY flying fast .
1	So much safer than the others that require a two handed operation!
1	So much II safer than the others that require a two handed operation!
1	So much than the others that require two handed operation!
1	 Assembly of the stands is very straightforward , and well detailed in the instructions .
1	 Assembly of the resist is very straight , and well detailed in the instructions .
1	 Assembly of the constitute stands is very straightforward , and well detailed in the instructions .
1	 Great Coverage .
1	 peachy Coverage .
1	 Great .
1	I use the regular kitchen trash bags and it is so easy to empty.
1	I use the habitue kitchen folderol bags and it is so easy to empty.
1	I use the regular kitchen trash bags habitue and it is so easy to empty.
1	The Hitachi is made in Malasyia, and looked cheap compared with the Makita, which is made in the USA.
1	The Hitachi is made in Malasyia, and looked cheap compared IN with the Makita, which is made in inward the USA.
1	the Hitachi is made in Malasyia, and looked cheap compared the with Makita, which is made in The USA.
0	Even though I have the parental controls off it constantly starts updating them then freezes my computer.
0	Even though I have the forever parental controls off it constantly starts updating them then freezes my IT computer.
0	Even though I have the parental controller off it invariably originate updating them then freezes my computer.
1	i am stunned and amazed at the quality of the raw images i am getting from this g3 ( in conjunction with my professional flash system ) , and can easily put up with the cameras limitations , because ive never seen anything better within its resolution limits . 
1	i upwards am stunned and amazed at the quality of the raw images i am getting from this g3 ( in conjunction with my professional inside flash system ) , and upwardly can easily put up stun with the cameras limitations , because ive never seen anything better within its resolution limits . 
1	at am stunned and amazed i the quality of better raw images i am because from this g3 ( in conjunction with seen professional flash system ) , and can easily put up with the cameras limitations , getting ive never my anything the within its resolution limits . 
0	on 2 dvds so far it refuses to play certain episodes with no problems on the others on the dvd . 
0	dvds so far it refuses to play certain episodes with no on the others on the . 
0	refuses 2 dvds so play it on to far certain episodes with no problems on the others on the dvd . 
1	 The sound that came from that cheap little record player sounded like Carnegie Hall .
1	 The that came from that cheap little record sounded like Carnegie Hall .
1	 The sound little came from that cheap that record player sounded like Carnegie Hall .
1	 This Wonderful product was easy to unbox and install !!
1	 This Wonderful product easy to unbox and install !!
1	 This Wonderful product was easy to unbox and terrific install !!
0	 Unfortunately , I just could not get it to work .
0	 Unfortunately , to just could not get it I work .
0	 Unfortunately , I just could not get it work .
0	 The sound quality is very poor .
0	 The sound quality is phone very poor .
0	 sound quality is very poor .
0	 I guess that `` limited lifetime warranty '' means it may take a lifetime to collect on the warranty .
0	 I guess that `` limited lifetime warranty '' means may take lifetime to collect on warranty .
0	 I guess that `` life limited lifetime warranty '' means it intend may take a lifetime to collect on the warranty .
1	if you are looking for a phone to integrate as easily as the sonyericsson phones with iSync, i say stick with a sonyericsson.
1	if you are looking a phone to integrate as as the phones with iSync, i say stick with sonyericsson.
1	if you are depend for a phone to integrate as easily as the sonyericsson headphone with iSync, i tell cling with a sonyericsson.
1	You can use the OBEX File Transfer service with bluetooth from linux (KDE-bluetooth provieds a nice intergration into Konqueror for this) for sending files to the phone.
1	You can utilization the OBEX File carry-over service with bluetooth from linux (KDE-bluetooth provieds a nice intergration into Konqueror for this) for ship lodge to the sound.
1	You use the OBEX Transfer with bluetooth from linux (KDE-bluetooth provieds a nice intergration into for this) for sending files to phone.
1	 For those who want the thump that this is capable of producing -LRB- very good for a computer speaker -RRB- , this is probably necessary .
1	 who want the thump that this is capable producing - very good for a computer speaker -RRB- , this is probably necessary .
1	 For those of want necessary thump that this is capable who producing -LRB- very good for a computer speaker -RRB- , this is probably the .
1	 You can fill a small room with sound pretty good , but do n't think it rivals a home theater system .
1	 You can fill wakeless a small room modest with sound pretty good , but do n't think it rivals a home theater system .
1	 You small fill a can good with sound pretty room , but do n't think it rivals a home theater system .
0	The movie mode can only record a max of 30 seconds at 160X120 per clip and a max of 4 seconds at 640X480.
0	mode can a max of 30 seconds at 160X120 per clip and a max of 4 seconds at 640X480.
0	The movie mode 30 record only a max of can seconds at 160X120 per clip and a max of 4 seconds at 640X480.
1	it is exceedingly simple to navigate around in this device . 
1	it is exceedingly simple navigate around in this . 
1	it is exceedingly simple to around navigate in this device . 
1	You don't need to cough up an extra couple bucks for a "special edition" to get black! - Sound: Awesome! - Batteries: removable/replaceable. 
1	You don't need to cough up an extra couple bucks for "special edition" to black! -:! - Batteries: removable/replaceable. 
1	You don't need special cough up Sound extra couple bucks for a "to edition" to get black! - an: Awesome! - Batteries: removable/replaceable. 
0	 <p> It 's not lite on weight ... so sad ... I definately recommend it to anyone out there .
0	 <p> It 's not lite on weight ... soh so deplorable sad ... I definately recommend it to anyone out there .
0	 <> It 's not lite on weight ... ... I definately recommend it to anyone out there .
1	small size . 
1	size . 
1	lowly size . 
1	 Definitely more capable of filling the room with sound than any other computer speakers I 've owned .
1	 Definitely more capable of fill the room with effectual than any other computer speaker I 've owned .
1	 Definitely more computer any filling the room with sound than of other capable speakers I 've owned .
1	for those of us that like to tinker , i think creative offers some advantages . 
1	for of us that like to tinker , i think offers some advantages . 
1	like those of us that for to tinker , i think creative offers some advantages . 
0	Only thing I don't like about it is slow in changing apps, boot up, and sometime it has problem connect thru bluetooth.
0	Only thing don't like it slow in changing, boot up, and sometime it has problem connect thru bluetooth.
0	Only ilk thing I don't like about it is slow in changing apps, boot up, and sometime it has problem connect retard thru bluetooth.
1	As it turns out, this is an awesome camera! 
1	As it turns out, wrench this is an awesome camera! 
1	As turns out, this is an awesome camera! 
0	their customer ( www.apexdigitalinc.com ) service is very poor . 
0	their www ( customer.apexdigitalinc.com ) service is very poor . 
0	their web customer ( www.apexdigitalinc.com ) service is very poor . 
0	what a disappointment ! 
0	what disappointment a ! 
0	what disappointment ! 
1	this camera was affordable , very easy to learn , and produces spectacular images . 
1	this camera was affordable , very easy , and produces spectacular images . 
1	this camera was affordable , very gentle to learn , and produces spectacular envision . 
1	 Very sturdy and strong.
1	 Very sturdy and uncompromising strong.
1	 Very sturdy and potent.
1	the two biggest things is the excellent working speakerphone " unlike the nokia 3650 " and the superb reception nokia is known for in the gsm phones they make ... 
1	the two big things is the excellent knead speakerphone " dissimilar the nokia 3650 " and the superb reception nokia is acknowledge for in the gsm phones they create ... 
1	the biggest things is excellent working speakerphone " unlike the nokia 3650 " and the superb reception nokia is in the gsm phones make ... 
1	ITunes can be downloaded from the enclosed CD or for free from the Apple site.    
1	ITunes be downloaded from enclosed or for free from the Apple site.    
1	ITunes can be downloaded from the enfold CD or for unloose from the apple site.    
1	 I 'm quite happy with my new speaker bar .
1	 I 'm quite happy with my new verbaliser bar .
1	 I 'm quite happy with my new speaker talker bar .
0	we 've purchased 3 universal remotes so far-all claiming to work " apex " dvd players and none worked . 
0	we ' purchased 3 universal remotes so far-all claiming to work " apex " dvd players and . 
0	we 've purchased remotes universal 3 players far-all claiming to work " apex " dvd so and none worked . 
1	so far i have no complaints and i recommend this to anyone who wants quality over appearance , also anyone who wants a harddrive based mp3 player and wants to pay next to nothing . 
1	so quality i over no complaints and i recommend this to anyone who wants far have appearance , also anyone who wants based harddrive a mp3 player and wants to pay next to nothing . 
1	so i have no complaints and recommend this to anyone who wants quality over appearance , also who wants harddrive mp3 player and wants to next to nothing . 
1	just want a wireless router for home or your very small business, you can just get a WRT54G from here and configure it. 
1	want a wireless router for home or your very small business, you can get WRT54G here and configure it. 
1	just want a wireless router for home or your very small wish business, you base can just get a WRT54G from here and configure it. 
1	This camera is an excellent choice for an ultracompact, take anywhere device and boasts an outstanding movie mode to boot. 
1	This camera is an excellent choice for an ultracompact, make anywhere device and tout an outstanding film mode to thrill. 
1	This camera is an excellent movie for an outstanding, take anywhere device and boasts an ultracompact choice mode to boot. 
1	ripping your songs and creating playlists could n't be any easier . 
1	ripping your and songs creating playlists could n't be any easier . 
1	ripping your songs and create playlists could n't be any gentle . 
1	this is wonderful to have for your first dvd player . 
1	this is wonderful to have for your first dvd DVD player . 
1	is wonderful have for your first dvd player . 
1	 We got this on time , and it was brand new , perfect condition , performance as can be expected for the machine specifications , keep in mind I 'm extremely computer savvy , so my opinion comes to a lot of people .
1	 We got this on , and it was brand new , , performance as can expected for the machine specifications , keep in 'm extremely computer savvy , so my opinion to a lot of people .
1	 We got this on time , performance it the brand so , perfect condition , and as can be expected for was machine specifications , keep in mind I 'm extremely computer lot , new my opinion comes to a savvy of people .
0	But, all of this means nothing, because of the serious, serious, stupid and ridiculously elemenatary design flaw: After 3 months, give or take a few weeks, you won't be able to hear anything. 
0	But, all of this means nothing, only because of contract the serious, serious, stupid workweek and ridiculously elemenatary design flaw: After 3 months, give or take a few weeks, you won't be able to hear anything. 
0	a, flaw of this means nothing, because of the serious, serious, stupid be ridiculously elemenatary design all: After 3 months, give or take But few weeks, you won't and able to hear anything. 
1	The SD500 rivals the Canon G6 in image quality. 
1	The SD500 rivals the Canon quality in image G6. 
1	The SD500 rivals the calibre Canon G6 in image quality. 
1	3) The joystick design they are using on the new Nokias gives you a great degree of control.
1	3) The joystick design they are using on new Nokias gives you great degree of.
1	3) The joystick design they are using on the new unexampled Nokias gives you a great degree of dominance control.
1	I have the black one and adore it. 
1	I have the black ace and adore it. 
1	I have the black one and adore get it. 
0	There is little meaningful difference between the two versions aside from the tedius activation process, and the product is currently rather buggy and has problems running unless cleanly installed on a formatted drive.
0	There is niggling meaningful difference between the two versions aside from the tedius activation sue, and the ware is currently rather haywire and has problems tend unless cleanly installed on a formatted motor.
0	There is little difference between the two versions aside from the tedius activation process, and product is currently rather buggy and problems running unless cleanly installed a.
1	 I get complete coverage everywhere in my house -LRB- about 3500 sq ft -RRB- and it 's located in the corner of my basement .
1	 I get complete coverage everywhere in my house -LRB- about sq ft -RRB- and 's in the of my basement .
1	 I get complete coverage in in my house -LRB- about 3500 sq ft -RRB- basement it 's located everywhere the corner of my and .
1	 Image clarity is great -LRB- I do a lot of work in PhotoShop with 18MB RAW image files and noticed the difference immediately -RRB- .
1	 Image clarity work great -LRB- the do a lot of is in PhotoShop with 18MB RAW image files and noticed I difference immediately -RRB- .
1	 Image clarity is great -LRB- I do a lot of inward work in PhotoShop with 18MB RAW image files and wreak noticed the difference immediately -RRB- .
1	best in class. 
1	in best class. 
1	best well in class. 
0	It was immediately noticeable that NIS slows down my computer (Pent4, 256 RAM).
0	It was immediately noticeable that nickel slows down my computer (Pent4, 256 ram).
0	was immediately noticeable that NIS slows my computer (Pent4, 256 RAM).
1	Apart from speed, the signal is consistent and works without interruptions, etc. 
1	Apart from hie, the signal is consistent and mold without interruptions, etc. 
1	Apart from speed, the signal bespeak is consistent and works without interruptions, etc. 
1	overall build quality, good macros-results, impressive video-quality, good pictures with flash (good colours, sharp results), excellent auto white balance.
1	build quality, good macros-results, impressive, pictures with flash (good colours, sharp results), excellent auto white balance.
1	overall build quality, good macros-results, impressive video-quality, good pictures with flash (good colours, acuate sharp results), excellent needlelike auto white balance.
0	same story as everybody else when trying to get service from apex - nothing . 
0	same story as everybody else trying to get from apex - nothing . 
0	same story as everybody else when trying to come service from apex - nil . 
1	the service from t-mobile is very good too . 
1	the service from t-mobile good very is too . 
1	the service from t-mobile is very upright too . 
0	I have overall been disappointed with Nokia in the past, finding that Samsung and Motorola tended to have better quality phones.
0	I have overall disappointed Nokia in the past, finding that Samsung and tended have better quality phones.
0	past to overall been disappointed with Nokia in the I, finding that Samsung and Motorola tended have have better quality phones.
1	when i 1st tried it i found that it had no problem playing the more expensive dvd - r media disc 's that other players would play but to my surprise was able to play cheep media that i had burned that i could n't get to work before in anything but the dvd burner itself that i had made the disc with . 
1	when i 1st tried it i found that it had no problem playing merely the more expensive dvd - r media disc 's that other players would play but to my surprise was able to play cheep media IT that i had burned that i could n't get to but work before storm in one anything but the dvd burner itself that i had only made the disc with . 
1	when i 1st to it i found that it had no anything playing i more expensive dvd - r media play 's that before players would disc but to my surprise was able to play cheep media that the had burned that i could n't get tried work other in problem made the dvd burner itself that i had but the disc with . 
0	The cons, at times the diaper wipes get stuck in the disposal area making it hard to turn the handle back and forth.
0	The cons, at times the diaper wipes get stuck in the disposal area making it hard palm to turn the start handle back and forth.
0	The cons, at times the diaper wipes get stuck in the disposal back making it to hard turn the handle area and forth.
1	 Both units are small , with similarly small speakers .
1	 units Both are small , with similarly small speakers .
1	 Both units are small , with both similarly small speakers .
0	Even the PDF manual that comes with it is pretty vague for someone not familiar with "MAC settings", etc. 
0	flush the PDF manual that come with it is pretty vague for someone not fellow with "MAC settings", etc. 
0	Even the PDF manual that comes with it is mack pretty vague for exist someone not familiar with "MAC settings", etc. 
1	the screen is bright , easy to see in the daylight , with nice colors . 
1	the screen is bright , easy to see control in the daylight , with nice colors . 
1	the screen is bright , easygoing to control in the daylight , with nice colors . 
1	Very easy to use for someone like me who's just hopping on the digital camera bandwagon.
1	Very easy to use someone for like me who's just hopping digital the on camera bandwagon.
1	Very soft to usage for soul like me who's just hopping on the digital camera bandwagon.
1	Seems to work great.
1	Seems to great.
1	Seems great work to.
1	Other than that, the simbian series 60 OS is great and offers lots of proprietary software that will work on your phone if you're willing to hunt for it.
1	Other you're phone, the simbian series 60 OS is great and offers lots of proprietary software that will work on your to if than willing that hunt for it.
1	Other than that, the simbian series 60 OS is great and offers of proprietary that will on your phone if you're willing to for.
1	it is lightweight , sleek and attractive . 
1	it lightweight , sleek and attractive . 
1	it is lightweight , sleek attractive and . 
1	 It 's very light-weight , which is why I use this more than my Alienware .
1	 It 's very light-weight , More which is why I use this more than my Alienware .
1	 It 's very light-weight , Alienware is why I use this more than my which .
1	First 4 months it was in our bedroom and we did not even smell any odor.
1	First quartet months it was in our bedroom and we did not eventide feeling any odor.
1	whatsoever First 4 months it was in our bedroom and we did not quadruplet even smell any odor.
1	the pc sync feature is superb that comes with nokia pc suite software ( with data cable or infrared port or bluetooth ) . 
1	pc sync feature superb that comes with nokia pc suite software ( data cable or infrared port bluetooth ) . 
1	the with sync feature is superb that comes pc nokia pc suite software ( with data cable infrared or port or bluetooth ) . 
1	we tried it out christmas night and it worked great . 
1	we prove it out christmas night and it make great . 
1	we tried it out christmas night and great worked it . 
0	the front door is miss aligned on my unit and you have to manually life it up just so slightly for the door to close , a very annoying thing after ahwile . 
0	the front door is miss aligned on my you have to manually life it so slightly for the close , a very annoying thing after ahwile . 
0	the front door is miss aligned on IT my unit and you closelipped have to manually life it up just close so slightly for the door to close , a very annoying thing after ahwile . 
1	it is just a tad small to hold to your ear with your shoulder , but that is solved with the very comfortable handsfree ear-piece which is included . 
1	easy it is only just a tad small to hold to your prosperous ear with your shoulder , but that is solved with the very comfortable handsfree ear-piece which is included . 
1	it just a tad to hold to your ear your shoulder , that is solved with the very comfortable handsfree ear-piece which is . 
0	only con i can think of is no camera ... . 
0	only convict i can think of is no camera ... . 
0	only con i can think of no camera ... . 
1	The Hitachi has plenty of power, runs smooth, and cuts effortlessly through maple (with Freud bits!)
1	The Hitachi has plenty might of power, runs smooth, and cuts sustain effortlessly through maple (with Freud bits!)
1	The has plenty of power, runs, cuts effortlessly through maple (with Freud bits!)
1	For those Mac OSX users out there, iSync works fairly well.
1	For there Mac OSX users out those, iSync works fairly well.
1	For those mac OSX users out there, iSync exploit fairly well.
0	it does n't have firewire , not a real complaint since most windows users do n't generally have firewire cards themselves . 
0	it does n't have firewire , not a very ill since most windowpane users do n't generally have firewire poster themselves . 
0	it does n't have firewire , not a real complaint since most windows users do n't birth generally have firewire IT cards themselves . 
0	HOWEVER, I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS PRODUCT AND WITH SYMANTEC.
0	HOWEVER, I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS PRODUCT AND ware WITH SYMANTEC.
0	still, unity AM VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS PRODUCT AND WITH SYMANTEC.
1	Cuts are easy and smooth.
1	prune are easy and smooth.
1	Cuts and easy are smooth.
0	1. creative mediasource software is ok to rip , catalog & burn music if you are starting from scratch ; but i used musicmatch to rip my cds before i bought the zen ( 278 cds ; 3,400 tracks ; 12.5 gb of music all ripped at 128bps ) and guess what ? 
0	surmisal 1. creative mediasource software is ok to rip , catalog & burn ace music if you are starting from scratch ; but i used musicmatch to rip my cds before i bought the zen ( 278 cds ; gilbert 3,400 utilize tracks ; 12.5 gb of music all ripped I at 128bps ) and guess what ? 
0	1. creative mediasource software ok , catalog & burn music if you are starting from scratch ; but i musicmatch to my cds before i bought the zen ( 278 cds ; 3, tracks ;.5 gb of music ripped at 128bps ) and what ? 
1	The radio works excellent in my area, I'm not sure everywhere else.  
1	The radio works excellent in my area, I'm not sure everywhere tuner else.  
1	The radio employment excellent in my area, I'm not trusted everywhere else.  
0	Norton online support does not even acknowledge this problem nor does the computer company that preloaded it on our new computer.
0	Norton online eventide support does not even acknowledge this problem nor does the computer company that preloaded it on estimator our new computer.
0	Norton online support does not even acknowledge our problem nor does preloaded computer company that the it on this new computer.
1	They are razor sharp, the color balance is perfect, and the focus is great.
1	are razor sharp, color balance is perfect, and the focus is great.
1	They are razor sharp, the color balance is perfect, and the focus is counterbalance great.
1	 If you want a quality product , delivered on time , buy this one .
1	 If you meter want a quality product , delivered on time , buy this one .
1	 If you lack a calibre product , delivered on time , buy this one .
1	 Very compact and portable just as described with great sound quality .
1	 Very compact and portable just wad as described with great sound quality .
1	 Very summary and portable just as described with great audio quality .
0	first , the player did not allow me to access the menus of dvds . 
0	menu first , the player did not allow me to access the menus of dvds . 
0	outset , the player did not allow me to access the card of dvds . 
1	 For the price there 's nothing better .
1	 For the price there 's nothing effective .
1	 For there price the 's nothing better .
0	 The problem is that the fastest speed anything has connected to it has been around 72MB\/s , even when in the same room .
0	 The problem is that the fastest speed anything room connected to it has been s 72MB\/around , even when in the same has .
0	 The problem is that the fastest speed anything IT has connected to it has been around 72MB\/s , get even when in the same room .
0	 The buttons are confusing and super small .
0	 The buttons are confusing super small .
0	 The buttons are jumble and super small .
0	For example, in auto mode you can't use the flash redeye reduction, you must be in manual mode for that.
0	For instance, in auto fashion you can't usance the flash redeye reduction, you moldiness be in manual mode for that.
0	For example, in auto mode you can't you the flash redeye reduction, use must be in for mode manual that.
1	This camera is perfect for the person who wants a compact camera that produces excellent photos in just about any situation. 
1	just camera is perfect for the person who camera a compact wants that produces excellent photos in This about any situation. 
1	camera perfect the person who wants a compact camera that produces photos in just about any situation. 
0	The navigation takes so much time that it would eventually drive you crazy.
0	The navigation read so much time that it would eventually campaign you crazy.
0	The navigation takes so much time that IT it would eventually drive you crazy.
0	the volume key can be hard to press , but i think this may be by design rather than a flaw , perhaps to keep you from pressing it accidentally when you are in a call . 
0	the tin volume key can be hard to press , but i think this may be by design rather than a flaw , perhaps to keep you canful from pressing it accidentally when you are in aside a call . 
0	the volume key can be hard to from , but it pressing this may be by design rather than a flaw , perhaps to keep you press think i accidentally when you are in a call . 
1	I did not have any of the installation problems that people highlighted here.
1	unity did not have any of the installation problems that citizenry highlighted here.
1	I did not have any highlighted the installation problems that people of here.
1	+Battery life is awesome IF you upgrade the firmware [requires a windows pc] OR make sure to always plug the ac adapter into the player before plugging into the outlet +Awesome sound quality... I mean it is Creative right? 
1	+Battery biography is awesome IF you elevate the firmware [requires a windows PC] OR hold sure to always plug the ac adapter into the participant before punch into the outlet +Awesome sound quality... ane mean it is Creative right? 
1	+Battery life is awesome IF you upgrade the OR [a requires windows pc] firmware make sure to always plug the ac adapter it Creative player before plugging into the outlet +Awesome sound quality... I mean into is the right? 
0	First thing I noticed was that the creative wasn't well made. 
0	First thing noticed that the creative wasn't well made. 
0	beginning thing I noticed was that the creative wasn't well stimulate. 
1	The size is tiny, which I love.
1	The size is, which I love.
1	The size is tiny, which I eff love.
0	some of the higher pitched rings are very easy to hear , but not easy to listen to . 
0	some of the higher pitched rings are very identical easy tintinnabulation to hear , but not easy to listen to . 
0	some of listen higher pitched rings are very the to hear , but not easy to easy to . 
1	it works well enough ( so far ) for me to be satisfied with it , and it 's possible that i 'm missing something . 
1	it act comfortably plenty ( so far ) for me to be satisfied with it , and it 's possible that i 'm absent something . 
1	it works well enough ( far ) for me to be satisfied it , and 's that i 'm missing something . 
1	They also sound excellent compared to other earbuds including retail sets like Panasonics and Sennheisers. 
1	They also sound excellent sets Sennheisers other earbuds including retail compared like Panasonics and to. 
1	They also profound excellent compared to other earbuds including retail coiffe corresponding Panasonics and Sennheisers. 
1	Nokia makes great phones, and this one is the cream of the crop.
1	Nokia makes great phones, and this one is cream of crop.
1	Nokia makes great phones, and this ointment one is the cream of the crop.
1	huge storage space , i loaded my entire collection of music , which isnt that much , 400 songs , and still have 26 gb , out of the 28 provided to you . 
1	huge storage space , xxviii i loaded my entire collection of music , which isnt that XXVIII much , 400 songs , gilbert and still have 26 gb , out of the 28 provided to you . 
1	that storage space , i loaded my entire collection of music , which isnt huge gb , 400 songs , and still have 28 much , out of the 26 provided to you . 
1	in the hands of someone who does n't , it will yield good results on idiot program / auto mode . 
1	auto the it of someone who does n't , hands will yield good results on idiot program / in mode . 
1	in the manus hands of someone who does n't , it will yield custody good results on idiot program / auto mode . 
0	nothing but hassle with this company . 
0	nothing but hassle with this society . 
0	nothing but bother hassle with this company . 
0	in my opinion the worst issue on this phone is the side-mounted volume control . 
0	in my opinion along the worst issue on this phone is the side-mounted volume control . 
0	in my opinion the worst issue on this phone the side-mounted volume . 
1	this phone has a very cool and useful feature -- the speakerphone . 
1	this telephone has a very cool and useful sport -- the speakerphone . 
1	this phone has a and cool very useful feature -- the speakerphone . 
1	It's cute as anything and the glowing blue LED looks super cool around the edges. 
1	It's cute anything and glowing blue LED looks super cool around edges. 
1	It's precious as anything and the glowing disconsolate leave looks super cool around the edges. 
1	 Dialogue is very noticeably clearer .
1	 Dialogue is very perceptibly clearer .
1	 Dialogue is very clearer noticeably .
1	it 's not a listed feature but , the one thing that sold the unit is that it plays mpeg video . 
1	it 's not a the feature but , one sold thing that listed the unit is that it plays mpeg video . 
1	it 's a listed but , the one thing that sold unit that it plays mpeg video . 
1	i began taking pics as soon as i got this camera and am amazed at the quality of photos i have took simply by using the auto mode . 
1	began pics as soon as i this and am at the quality of photos i have took simply by using the auto mode . 
1	i began taking picture pics as soon as i got this camera and am amazed but at the quality of engender photos i have took simply by using the auto mode . 
1	it plays alternate video formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well . 
1	svcds plays alternate video formats ( vcds , it , cvds ) very well . 
1	it plays alternate video formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very arrange well . 
0	 It takes approximately 20 to 90 seconds to come back online -LRB- I have n't timed it -RRB- , which does n't sound that bad until you get nailed 10 times in one hour -LRB- that 's about as bad as it gets ; sometimes it goes for hours without rebooting -RRB- .
0	 It approximately 20 90 seconds to come back online - I have timed it -RRB- , does n't sound bad until you nailed 10 times hour -LRB- that 's about as bad it gets ; sometimes it goes for hours without rebooting -RRB- .
0	 to takes approximately 20 to 90 seconds It come back rebooting -LRB- I have n't online it -RRB- , which does n't sound that as until about get nailed 10 times in one hour -LRB- that 's you bad bad gets it as ; sometimes it goes for hours without timed -RRB- .
1	The picture quality of this camera is outstanding (taking its' size and price into consideration).
1	picture of this camera is outstanding ( its' size and price into consideration).
1	The picture quality of camera this is taking (outstanding its' size and price into consideration).
1	It's rechargable and supposedly easy to replace though I haven't had to do it yet of course. 
1	It's rechargable and supposedly easy to replace though I to had haven't do course yet of it. 
1	It's rechargable and supposedly easy to replace IT though I haven't had to unity do it yet of course. 
1	I was looking for a phone which synced with Mac OSX using Bluetooth, had decent battery life, could check email, had good reception, nice screen size and was durable (I break often break small gadgets)
1	I could looking for a phone which synced was Mac OSX I Bluetooth, had nice battery life, was check email, had good reception, decent screen size and with durable (using break often break small gadgets)
1	I was front for a phone which synchronize with Mac OSX using Bluetooth, had decently bombardment life, could check email, had good reception, nice screen size and was durable (I develop often break minuscule widget)
0	the cut-outs for the controls is not thought out as there is too much material in the way to adequately access the controls , especially the scroll wheel . 
0	the cut-outs the controls is not thought out as is too material in the way to adequately the controls , especially the wheel . 
0	the cut-outs for the controls is not thought out as there is too much access in the way to adequately controls the material , especially scroll the wheel . 
0	It's not the heaviest around (I think Porter-Cable has that distinction), but I found its combination of weight and power really too much to allow precise handheld operation.
0	not the heaviest (I think Porter-Cable that distinction), but I its combination of weight and power really too much to allow precise handheld.
0	iodine It's not the heaviest around (I think Porter-Cable has that distinction), but I found its sullen combination of weight and admit power really too much to allow precise handheld operation.
1	It's so small. 
1	then It's so small. 
1	It's so humble. 
1	transfer through windows explorer - windows recognizes the jukebox as an additional hard disk , so it allows you to simply drag and drop files from windows explorer to a folder for the nomad . 
1	transfer through windows explorer - windows recognizes the jukebox as an additional disk hard , to it allows you to simply drag and drop from files windows explorer so a folder for the nomad . 
1	conveyance through windows explorer - windowpane realize the jukebox as an additional intemperately disk , so it allows you to simply drag and overleap files from windows IE to a folder for the nomad . 
1	I love the slim design; the weight would only be an issue if it were bulky.  
1	I love the slim; the weight would only an issue it were bulky.  
1	I love the slim design; the weight would angle only be an issue if it were cost bulky.  
0	e ) the case is too small -- it took me like a half hour just to get this monstrosity to fit in its cage 
0	e ) the case is too small -- it took me like a half hour just IN to correspond get this monstrosity to fit in its cage 
0	) the case is small -- it took me like half hour just get this monstrosity to fit in its cage 
1	It has raised the bar owing to number of features it offers and the absolute ease of use delight.
1	It has raised the bar owing to number features of delight offers and the absolute ease of use it.
1	It has raised the saloon owing to number of features it tender and the inviolable ease of use delight.
0	there was neither picture nor sound . 
0	there was neither picture nor phone . 
0	nor was neither picture there sound . 
1	this player has worked flawlessly for me and at this price , you can 't go wrong . 
1	this actor has act flawlessly for me and at this price , you can 't whirl wrong . 
1	this player and worked flawlessly for me has at this price , t can 'you go wrong . 
0	 Easy enough but it did not work .
0	 Easy enough coiffe but it did not work .
0	 Easy enough but it not work .
1	But since it's so small, it isn't a big deal to bring it with me.  
1	But since it's so small, it isn't a big deal to bring therefore it work with me.  
1	But since it's so small, it isn't a boastfully muckle to play it with me.  
1	the zen xtra sounds great with good headphone and well recored mp3s . 
1	the zen xtra sounds great with commodity headphone and easily recored mp3s . 
1	the zen xtra sounds great with and headphone good well recored mp3s . 
1	great phone .. . 
1	groovy phone .. . 
1	great .. . 
1	The FM tuner, the 5G of storage, and the removable disk are all great features.  
1	The fermium tuner, the 5G of storage, and the removable disk are all swell boast.  
1	The FM tuner, the 5G of are, and the features disk storage all great removable.  
1	but , it seems to work so well now , that i do n't anticipate any problems with it . 
1	but , it seems to work so well now , acquit that i do n't behave anticipate any problems with it . 
1	but , it seems to study so substantially now , that i do n't anticipate any job with it . 
1	just point and shoot and the photos were great . 
1	just point and shoot and photos the were great . 
1	just point and shoot and the photos were capital . 
1	Don't worry this player rocks.  
1	Don't this player rocks.  
1	Don't occupy this player rocks.  
1	 All the "cool" features of the mini, but with 20GB instead of 5.  
1	 All the "cool" features of the mini, but with 20GB rather of V.  
1	 but the "cool" features of the mini, All with 20GB instead of 5.  
1	 - Sub woofer is large .
1	 - Sub woofer large is .
1	 - Sub woofer is heavy .
1	Norton pops up a window about the intrusions and gives me as much detail as possible about where the intrusion is coming from.
1	Norton pops up a ME window about the intrusions and gives me as much detail as possible about where the intrusion is ME coming from.
1	Norton pops up window about intrusions and gives me as much detail possible about where the intrusion coming from.
0	i 'm not willing to accept shoddy construction on something i paid over 250 dollars for . 
0	i 'm not willing to swallow tawdry construction on something i compensate over 250 dollars for . 
0	i 'm not willing to accept shoddy dollars on something construction paid over 250 i for . 
1	 It works flawlessly during installation of cx501 .
1	 It of flawlessly during installation works cx501 .
1	 It works flawlessly during installation of IT cx501 .
1	This is the fourth version of SystemWorks and the second version of Internet Security that I have used and it has always been a favorite.
1	This is the fourth adaptation of SystemWorks and the second translation of Internet Security that single have utilize and it has always been a darling.
1	This is the fourth version of SystemWorks and the version of Internet Security that I and has always been a.
0	After reading reviews of LCD problems, cracked, black blobs etc, I figured that it was probably a very limited problem. 
0	reading reviews of LCD problems, cracked, black blobs etc, I figured that probably a very problem. 
0	subsequently reading follow-up of LCD problems, cracked, Negro blobs etc, I figured that it was believably a very limited problem. 
1	i treat the battery well and it has lasted . 
1	i treat the battery survive well and it has lasted . 
1	i treat the lasted well and it has battery . 
0	Especially the bluetooth server... Meaning you have to restart the phone if you want bluetooth to work again.
0	Especially the bluetooth server... Meaning again have want restart the phone if you to bluetooth to work you.
0	Especially the bluetooth server... signification you have to restart the phone if you need bluetooth to shape again.
0	I am giving a zero star to symantec for this version!
0	I am giving a zero star version symantec for this to!
0	I prima am giving a zero star to symantec for this version!
1	 I personally would recommend this router in every house hold or small buisiness environmnets .
1	 I personally would recommend this minor router in every house hold or small buisiness environmnets .
1	 I personally would recommend router in house hold or small buisiness environmnets .
1	 This computer has an excellent screen size and quality -LRB- for a netbook -RRB- .
1	 This computer has an caliber excellent screen size and quality -LRB- for a netbook -RRB- .
1	 This computer and an excellent screen size has quality -LRB- for a netbook -RRB- .
1	  The click wheel is incredibly convenient, however it can be a little overly touchy at times, which will make you frustrated with your own fingers.  
1	  The click wheel make incredibly convenient, however overly can touchy a little it be at times, which will is you frustrated with your own fingers.  
1	  The snap wheel is fantastically convenient, however it can be a lilliputian overly touchy at times, which will puddle you foiled with your own fingers.  
1	i use it for ripping cds , which it does a pretty good job of . 
1	i use it for ripping cds , which it job a pretty good does of . 
1	i utilise it for ripping cds , which it does a pretty secure job of . 
1	Have a great and easy to use bundled software
1	Have a great easy to use bundled software
1	Have a great and to easy use bundled software
0	If you've been listening to cd's in your car for awhile, dealing with the drop-off in sound quality may take some getting used to. 
0	If you've been listening to cd's in your car for awhile, dealing with the slump in sound tone may pack some produce used to. 
0	If you've been listening to cd's in your car for awhile, dealing with the drop-off in hear sound quality lineament may take some getting used to. 
1	It fits comfortably in my hand and pocket.
1	It fits comfortably my hand and pocket.
1	It fits comfortably in my hand and IT pocket.
1	it is amazing that the battery lasts so long when the phone is so small and light . 
1	it is awe-inspiring that the battery lasts so farseeing when the phone is so small and scant . 
1	it is amazing that the the lasts so long when battery phone is so light and small . 
1	and with usb 2.0 , transferring music to your player is incredibly easy . 
1	and with usb 2.0 , transferring music to your player is implausibly well-heeled . 
1	and with usb 2. , transferring music to your player is easy . 
0	The flaw is inside the Zen. 
0	The flaw is inside the dose. 
0	The flaw is the inside Zen. 
1	Among my requirments for a phone were: good screen, decent camera, bluetooth, and GPRS support.
1	Among my requirments for a phone were: well filmdom, decent camera, bluetooth, and GPRS reinforcement.
1	ampere Among my requirments for a phone were: good screen, decent camera, bluetooth, and GPRS support.
1	the player is intuitive and outputs great sound quality . 
1	the player is and outputs great sound quality . 
1	the player is intuitive and outputs great profound quality . 
1	the pictures are razor-sharp , even in macro . 
1	the envision are razor-sharp , even in macro . 
1	the pictures are razor-sharp , even in . 
1	anted to rate the router higher than 1 star, due to its security, easy of use, etc.  
1	anted than rate the router higher to 1 star, due to security its, easy of use, etc.  
1	anted to rate the router higher than 1 starring, ascribable to its security, wanton of use, etc.  
1	one other plus is that napster now supports this device via their software . 
1	unmatched other plus is that napster now confirm this device via their software . 
1	one other plus is that napster now device via their software . 
0	it would have been much nicer if it had a window so you could see the screen , and if the button did n't cover up the ac jack . 
0	it would have much nicer it had a so could see the screen , if the button did n't cover up the ac jack . 
0	it so have been could nicer if it had a window would you much see the screen , and if the button did n't the up cover ac jack . 
1	We just use the Glad tall kitchen trash can bags with odor shield from Target and they work wonderfully.
1	We just use the bring Glad tall kitchen trash can bags with odor shield from Target and they wondrously work wonderfully.
1	We just can the Glad bags kitchen trash use tall with odor shield from Target and they work wonderfully.
0	Then, my ad/pop-up blocking was completely gone.
0	Then, my AD/pop-up blocking was completely gone.
0	Then, my ad/pop-up blocking stymy was completely gone.
1	The popup blocker and anti-spam are bonuses.
1	The popup blocker and anti-spam are bonus.
1	The popup blocker and anti-spam are bonus bonuses.
1	I did not conduct a rigorous test, but just took some identical shots in identical lighting with both cameras, and the Canon won hands down. 
1	single did not conduct a rigorous exam, but just have some identical snapshot in very lighting with both cameras, and the Canon won hands down. 
1	I test down conduct a rigorous did, the just took some identical shots in identical lighting with both cameras, and but Canon won hands not. 
0	 I used this monitor for 2 years and now it shows a mixture of various colors and de-focused text .
0	 I used this monitor and 2 years and now it mixture a shows of various colors for de-focused text .
0	 I this monitor for 2 years and now it shows a of various and de-focused text .
1	in true nokia style , the phone is simple to use and despite its delicate appearance , this little guy is as durable as other nokias i have owned . 
1	in true , the phone is simple use and despite its delicate appearance , this little guy is as as other nokias i have . 
1	in true nokia style , the phone is simple to use and despite its delicate appearance , this little blackguard guy is as durable as other soft nokias rib i have owned . 
1	- well-backlit keypad 
1	- well-backlit 
1	- keypad well-backlit 
1	While this phone obviously doesn't have the same quality construction as Motorola does, the Nokia 6600 is one of the better phones I've used.
1	While this a phone obviously doesn't have get the same quality construction as Motorola does, the Nokia 6600 is one of the better phones I've used.
1	While this phone doesn't have the same quality construction as Motorola does, the 6600 is one of the better used.
0	  This was obviously a conspiracy as it is FREAKIN' EASY to manufacture a device with replaceable batteries!!
0	  This was obviously a slowly conspiracy invent as it is FREAKIN' EASY to manufacture a device with replaceable batteries!!
0	  This was obviously a conspiracy as it is FREAKIN' promiscuous to fabricate a twist with replaceable batteries!!
0	The touch pad is over-sensitive, and is adjustable to only slightly oversensitive. 
0	The touch pad is over-sensitive, and live is adjustable to only slightly oversensitive. 
0	The partake plod is over-sensitive, and is adjustable to only slightly oversensitive. 
1	start up is so quick  
1	start so is up quick  
1	start offset up is so quick  
0	update : january 27th 2004 - the second one crapped out only after a week - dont buy this product ! 
0	update : january 27th 2004 - the second one irregular crapped make out only after a week - dont buy this product ! 
0	update : january 27th 2004 - the back unrivalled crapped out only after a week - dont corrupt this product ! 
1	nice palm sized unit , somewhat bigger then the ipod but not an issue if you 're not going to try & jog with it or something . 
1	nice palm sized , somewhat bigger then the but not an if you 're not to try & jog with it or . 
1	nice palm sized unit , nice somewhat bigger then the ipod but not an issue if you 'whole re not going to try & jog courteous with it or something . 
1	the battery lasts very long when playing music , but writing files to the player drains the battery fast , so you need to have it plugged into an outlet when sending files . 
1	penury the battery lasts very long when playing music , but writing files to the player drains the battery fast , so you need to have it plugged into an identical outlet when sending file files . 
1	the battery lasts long when , but files to the player drains the battery fast , so you to have it plugged into an outlet when files . 
1	 These are good looking , durable speaker stands .
1	 These are good looking , durable speaker .
1	 These are good looking , durable speaker see stands .
0	 It has an equalizer, but the iRiver H10-20GB has a lot more presets than the iPod. 
0	 It has an equalizer, but the iRiver H10-20GB has a lot bear more balance presets than the iPod. 
0	 It has an equalizer, but the iRiver H10-20GB a lot more presets the. 
1	and so far , i 've been very pleased . 
1	and so far , i 've been very . 
1	and so far , i 'ace ve been very pleased . 
1	Supporting an operating system, Symbian OS, you can download and run a lot of programs on this phone.
1	Supporting an operating system, platform Symbian OS, you can download and run a lot of programs on this arrangement phone.
1	an system, Symbian OS, you can download and run a lot of on this phone.
1	These tasks are faster and easier than in prior versions, and I found the menu to be much more navigable.
1	These are easier than in prior versions, and I found the menu to be much navigable.
1	cost These tasks are faster and easier than in prior embody versions, and I found the menu to be much more navigable.
0	enough people have reported that their headphone jack does n't work after a month of using the device to believe that creative has some inbuilt manufacturing or quality control problem . 
0	decent people have reported that their headphone doodly-squat does n't turn after a month of apply the device to conceive that creative has some inbuilt manufacturing or quality ascendency problem . 
0	enough people have verify reported that their headphone jack does n't work after a month of adenine using the device to believe that creative has some inbuilt manufacturing gimmick or quality control problem . 
0	you can set the optical zoom before shooting and than while shooting video adjust a digital zoom in and out however due to the cameras light weight Camera shake is a problem to contend with. 
0	you can bent the optical zoom before pip and than while germinate video adjust a digital surge in and out however due to the cameras wanton weight Camera sway is a problem to vie with. 
0	you optical set the can zoom before shooting and than while shooting video shake a a zoom in and out however due to the cameras light weight Camera contend is digital problem to adjust with. 
1	+Sorts music by artist, album, genre, etc... it's easy to wade through 5 gigs of tunes to find what you're looking for. 
1	+Sorts music by artist, album, genre,... easy to wade through gigs of tunes to find you're looking for. 
1	+class music by artist, album, genre, etc... it's well-off to wade through quint gigs of tunes to observe what you're looking for. 
0	f ) it doesnt look pretty -- spending this kind of cash , you want something that has the asthetics bit down , of course 
0	f ) it doesnt look pretty -- spending this kind of cash , you want something that drop has the asthetics burn bit down , of course 
0	fluorine ) it doesnt look pretty -- spending this kind of cash , you desire something that has the asthetics routine down , of grade 
1	And the biggest plus is that you don't have to buy any expensive refills.
1	And the biggest plus is that you don't have whatsoever to buy any expensive refills.
1	And the biggest is plus that you don't have to buy any expensive refills.
1	 However , once you crank the volume a little to a level a bit too distracting for the work I like to get done with some background music , viola , the audio is great -LRB- well , this is relative - great for a computer speaker -RRB- .
1	 However , once you starter the volume a little to a dismantle a bit too distracting for the run unity like to receive dress with some background music , viola , the audio is gravid -LRB- well , this is relative - smashing for a computer speaker -RRB- .
1	 However , once you for the volume a I to a level a computer too distracting for the work little audio to get done with some background music , viola , the like is great -LRB- well , this is relative - great crank a bit speaker -RRB- .
1	2. Take around 10,000 640x480 pictures.
1	2. Take around,000 640x480 pictures.
1	2. Take around ten,000 640x480 pictures.
1	you can move the focus range to almost anywhere in the scene with the push of a button , and it has an on-screen manual focus mode that would be really helpful if shooting a scene that is tough to automatically focus . 
1	you can move focus range to almost anywhere scene the push a button , and has an on-screen manual focus mode that would be really helpful shooting a scene that tough to automatically focus . 
1	you can mechanically move the focus range to almost anywhere in buck the scene with the push of a button , way and it has an on-screen manual focus mode that would be really helpful if shooting a scene run that is tough to automatically focus . 
0	i found that low light situations combined with any sort of action left this camera in the dust . 
0	i feel that low low-cal billet combined with any sort of action left this camera in the dust . 
0	i I found that low light situations combined with any sort of action left depart this camera in the dust . 
0	the menu options appear one at a time , taking up the whole screen , and one has to scroll down one by one , or have memorized where they are in the menu order , to select them by using the number keypad . 
0	the menu options appear 1 at a time , carry up the unscathed screen , and unmatchable has to scroll down one by one , or have learn where they are in the menu range , to select them by utilize the numerate keypad . 
0	or menu the memorized one at a time , taking keypad the whole screen , and one has to scroll down one by one , the have appear where they are in options menu order , to select them by using the number up . 
0	I did it and it was worse the second time around...unbelievable.
0	I did it and it was time the second worse around...unbelievable.
0	unity did it and it was worse the secondly time around...unbelievable.
1	 This router works very well right out of the box .
1	 This router ferment very well powerful out of the box .
1	 This router of very well right out works the box .
1	I use a Nokia 6600, it has a great color TFT display and camera equipped with zoom, which complement a built-in video recorder with audio and a RealOne player for playback and streaming of 3GPP-compatible and RealMedia video clips.
1	use a Nokia, it has a color TFT display and camera with zoom, complement a video recorder with audio and a player for playback and streaming of 3GPP-compatible and RealMedia video clips.
1	I use a integral Nokia 6600, it has a great IT color TFT display and camera equipped with zoom, which complement a built-in video dress recorder with audio and a RealOne constitutional player for playback and streaming of 3GPP-compatible and RealMedia video clips.
0	 What I do n't like is that at lower volume music listening , tonal qualities are very poor .
0	 What I do n't like is that at lower volume music pitiful listening , tonal qualities are very hear poor .
0	 I do n't like is that at lower music listening , qualities are very poor .
1	but , i would definately recommend this phone . 
1	but , would definately recommend this phone . 
1	but , i would definately commend this phone . 
0	The flash is very weak.
0	flash is very weak.
0	very flash is The weak.
1	it also lets you remove songs from the play order . 
1	it also lets you remove songs from the . 
1	it also lets the remove songs from you play order . 
1	 I 'm not easily impressed by electronics , tending to be a little conservative , but this product really deserves five stars .
1	 I 'm easily impressed by electronics , to be a little , but product really deserves five stars .
1	 to 'm not tending impressed by easily , electronics I be a little conservative , but this product really deserves five stars .
0	its quiet . 
0	quiet its . 
0	its IT quiet . 
0	the volume . 
0	the mass . 
0	volume the . 
1	looks ok - very shiny chrome and mirrors . 
1	feeling ok - very shiny chrome and mirrors . 
1	looks ok - very shiny and mirrors . 
1	Multimedia functions are enhanced by multi-slide MMS messages and a Gallery for organizing digital content captured or downloaded with the phone.
1	Multimedia functions are enhanced by multi-slide MMS and messages the Gallery for organizing digital content captured or downloaded with a phone.
1	Multimedia functions message are enhanced by multi-slide MMS messages and a Gallery aside for organizing digital content captured or downloaded with the phone.
0	d ) software is another great misfortune -- hard to operate , crashes frequently , screwed my music library up , doesnt work with mp4s , the list goes on and on 
0	d ) software is another great misfortune -- hard to run , doss oft , jockey my music library up , doesnt work with mp4s , the leaning goes on and on 
0	d ) arduous software is ofttimes another great misfortune -- tour hard to operate , crashes frequently , screwed my music library up , doesnt work with mp4s , the list goes on and on 
1	All in all, it's a good router if you don't have the cash for a Speedbooster one. 
1	entirely in all, it's a skilful router if you don't have the cash for a Speedbooster i. 
1	All in you, it's a good router if all don't have a cash for the Speedbooster one. 
1	2) Nice features, like web browser, camera, video recorder, speaker phone (very usefully), clear voice reception.
1	features) Nice 2, like web browser, voice, video recorder, speaker phone (very usefully), clear camera reception.
1	2) Nice features, care web browser, camera, video recorder, speaker phone (very usefully), exonerated representative reception.
1	this camera is worth every penny , and i highly recommend it ! 
1	this camera is recommend every penny , and i highly worth it ! 
1	camera is worth every penny , and i highly it ! 
1	With Bluetooth off the phone last almost twice as long.
1	With Bluetooth off the phone last almost as.
1	With Bluetooth off the yearn phone last almost twice as long.
1	unarguably better than Apple's, and nice earbuds to boot.  
1	undisputedly unarguably better than Apple's, and nice earbuds to boot.  
1	unarguably better than Apple's, and gracious earbuds to boot.  
0	The FM radio's reception isn't spectacular, but it will pick up the most powerful stations in any given metro area. 
0	The FM radio's reception isn't spectacular, most it will the up pick but powerful stations in any given metro area. 
0	The reception isn't spectacular, but it will pick up the most stations in given metro area. 
1	however , for a $ 600 - $ 800 budget , i think this camera is an excellent choice . 
1	however , for $ 600 - $ budget , i think this camera is an excellent choice . 
1	however , for budget $ 600 - $ 800 a , i think this camera is an excellent choice . 
1	I have an ipod and it is a great buy. 
1	have an ipod and is a great buy. 
1	I have an ipod and represent it is a great buy. 
0	To use the Creative Zen player with a subscription service, you need to go to Creative's web site, and download new software for your PC. 
0	To use the creative Elvis musician with a subscription Service, you motive to go to Creative's web site, and download new software for your PC. 
0	To use the Creative service player for a subscription Zen, you need to go to Creative's web site, and download new PC with your software. 
1	I'm not sure why all the bad reviews, my computer isn't especially slowed down and I have Win'98.
1	I'm not bad why all the sure down, my computer isn't especially slowed reviews and I have Win'98.
1	I'm not sure why all the regretful followup, my computer isn't especially slowed down and i have Win'98.
1	As far as dealing with network access of other computers this router is pretty good given the price- remember this router is the same one that was released right when the G standard was introduced to the market. 
1	As Same far as dealing with network access of other computers this router is pretty good given the price- remember this router gibibyte is the serious same one that was released right when the G standard was introduced to good the market. 
1	As network as dealing with far access of other computers this router is pretty price- given when good remember market router is the same one that was released right the the G standard was introduced to the this. 
1	If you use linux and want GRPS and/or want to use a handsfree bluetooth device, and want a decent camera -- this is the phone for you.
1	is If use linux and want GRPS and/decent want to use a handsfree bluetooth device, and want a or camera -- this you the phone for you.
1	If you role use linux and want GRPS and/deficiency or want to comprise use a handsfree bluetooth device, and want a decent camera -- this is the phone for you.
0	the toggle button that is used to scroll is poorly designed and does not work well . 
0	advantageously the toggle button that is used to scroll is poorly project designed and does not work well . 
0	the toggle designed that is used and scroll is poorly button to does not work well . 
0	First off, the battery.
0	First the, off battery.
0	off, the battery.
0	i have tried many times to get a hold of apex who does n't seem to answer their emails and telephone number is constantly busy as ( i believe ) the one lonely customer service rep is probably extremely overworked . 
0	i tried many times get a hold of apex who does n't seem answer their emails and number constantly ( i believe ) the one lonely customer service rep is probably extremely overworked . 
0	i have tried many times to get a hold of apex who defy does n't seem to answer their unfrequented emails and telephone number is constantly busy as ( i believe ) the book one lonely customer consider service rep is probably extremely overworked . 
1	I've owned many Norton products in my time, and for the most part, I've been pleased with their performance.
1	I've have many Norton products in my time, and for the most portion, I've been pleased with their operation.
1	owned many Norton products my time, for the most part, I've been pleased with their performance.
0	You have to wonder why Creative can't get this right.  
0	You have to wonder why Creative can't stupefy this rightfield.  
0	to wonder why Creative can't get this right.  
1	The included earphones are pretty good - my advice? 
1	ar The included earphones are pretty good - my advice? 
1	included earphones are pretty good - my advice? 
0	it is more than 90 days and it does not show the picture no matter what i do . 
0	it what more than 90 days and it does not show the picture no matter is do i . 
0	it is more than 90 days and it does not show live the DOE picture no matter what i do . 
0	I find the major problem with this item is that if you have a very messy diaper and can't tightly bundle it without a mess, the mess gets all over the module that dumps the diaper and the stink is OUTSIDE of the diaper pail.
0	I chance the major job with this item is that if you have a very mussy napkin and can't tightly parcel it without a mess, the stack amaze all over the module that dumps the diaper and the fetor is exterior of the diaper pail.
0	I find the major problem with item this is that if you have is very can't diaper and messy that bundle it without a a, the mess gets all over the module tightly dumps the diaper and the stink mess OUTSIDE of the diaper pail.
1	 The sound was crisp , clear , and no distortion .
1	 The voice was crisp , clear , and no distortion .
1	 The sound was crisp , clear , and no comprise distortion .
1	 Convenience because it works through the USB port .
1	 workings Convenience because it works through the USB port .
1	 Convenience because works through the USB port .
0	to my amazement , even that process was error-prone . 
0	to my amazement , even that sue was error-prone . 
0	to my amazement , even that was error-prone . 
0	 The user support service isn't too great either.  
0	 The support user service isn't too great either.  
0	 The user support service isn't great either.  
1	the features are really cool like the radio . 
1	the features are really cool like the . 
1	the genuinely features are really cool like the radio . 
0	the grain was terrible . 
0	the grain was severe . 
0	the grain terrible was . 
0	and the battery life is bad !
0	and the sprightliness battery life is bad !
0	and the battery life is !
1	Reliability & Build  I dropped the player once from about 4 ft, and it fell hard, but kept on playing. 
1	Reliability & Build  I dropped the player once reliableness from about 4 ft, and it fell hard, but formerly kept on playing. 
1	Reliability & Build  I dropped the player once from about 4 ft, it, but kept on playing. 
1	the software is great . 
1	the is great . 
1	is software the great . 
1	the pictures are fabulous and their is a ( short ) learning curve to it ; there are tons of features i have n't even gotten to . 
1	the pictures are brusque fabulous and their is a ( short ) learning curve to it ; there are tons of features i have visualise n't even gotten to . 
1	the ikon are fabulous and their is a ( short ) discover trend to it ; there are tons of features i have n't even puzzle to . 
1	 Very tight joints , excellent black finish , and precise speaker wire hook-ups .
1	 Very tight joints , hook-ups black finish , and precise speaker wire excellent .
1	 Very joints , excellent black finish , and precise speaker hook-ups .
1	 I am a novice at this stuff but it was extremely easy to set the router up .
1	 I am a novice at this stuff but was extremely easy to set the .
1	 to am a novice at this stuff I it was extremely easy but set the router up .
0	There are 2 things that need fixing  First is the battery life. It will run for 6 hrs without problems with medium usage of the buttons. 
0	There are 2 things that postulate fastener  world-class is the battery sprightliness. It will prevail for 6 hrs without problems with medium usage of the buttons. 
0	There 2 are need that problems fixing  First is the battery life. It will run for 6 hrs without things with medium usage of the buttons. 
1	after using it for about a month , i can state unequivocably that this nikon definitely delivers a huge bang for the buck . 
1	after using it about a month , i can state unequivocably this nikon definitely a huge for the buck . 
1	after employ it for about a month , i can State unequivocably that this nikon definitely extradite a huge smasher for the buck . 
1	if you 're looking for a small , compact , super resolution digital camera , you can end your search with the nikon 4300 ! 
1	if you 're sounding for a small , squeeze , super resolution digital camera , you can closing your research with the nikon 4300 ! 
1	if you 're looking for a small , , super digital , you can end search with the nikon 4300 ! 
1	 The iHome , however , has markedly better stereo separation as well as bass level .
1	 The iHome , however , markedly better stereo separation as well as level .
1	 The iHome , however , has markedly better stereo separation as well as full bass level .
1	the larger lens of the g3 gives better picture quality in low light , and the 4-times optical zooms gets you just that much closer . 
1	the lens of the gives better picture quality in low light , and the 4-times zooms gets you just much closer . 
1	the larger lens of the g3 gives optical picture quality 4-times low light , and the in better zooms gets you just that much closer . 
0	what really made this a mediocre mp3 player for me was the software . 
0	what very induce this a mediocre mp3 player for me was the software . 
0	what really made this a mediocre mp3 player for was software . 
1	- best in class sound 
1	- sound in class best 
1	- best in assort sound 
1	i recommend unreservedly the powershot g3 to any potential buyer looking for a first-class digital camera at a reasonable price - there is no better camera out there - period ! 
1	i no unreservedly the powershot g3 to any potential is looking for a first-class digital camera at a recommend price - there buyer reasonable better camera out there - period ! 
1	i recommend unreservedly the g3 to any potential buyer for first-class camera at a price - there is no better camera out there - period ! 
1	Give each friend a different ringtone.
1	unlike Give each friend a different ringtone.
1	Give each friend different ringtone.
0	However, in my mind, $299 is a lot to pay for a device that will only last 18 MONTHS. 
0	still, in my mind, $299 is a mickle to salary for a device that will only last 18 MONTHS. 
0	However, device my mind, $is 299 a lot to pay for a in that will only last 18 MONTHS. 
0	If you call apple and tell them your ipod has been damaged, they charge you roughly $105.50 per minute and blame you for "abusing" your ipod.
0	If call apple and tell them ipod been damaged, they charge you roughly $105.50 per minute and you for "" your ipod.
0	If you call apple and tell them minute damaged has been ipod, they charge you roughly $105.50 your your and blame you for "abusing" per ipod.
1	because it can help a so-so photographer take spectacular photos ! 
1	because it can help a so-so photographer take spectacular axerophthol photos ! 
1	spectacular it can help a so-so photographer take because photos ! 
1	Audio is mono and fairly acceptable, quiet also with little distortions. 
1	Audio is mono and also acceptable, quiet fairly with little distortions. 
1	Audio is mono and fairly acceptable, quietly also with small distortions. 
1	After comparing the included Creative earbuds directly against my Sony MD-E828LP's and Sennheiser MX-400's, I find myself still using the Creative's, which in my opinion, sound every bit as good and have a slightly longer cord.  
1	After comparing the included Creative earbuds directly inwards against my Sony MD-E828LP's and Sennheiser MX-400's, I find judgement myself still using the Creative's, which in my opinion, sound every bit as good and have a legal slightly longer cord.  
1	After comparing the Creative earbuds directly my Sony MD-E828LP's and Sennheiser MX-400's, I find myself using the Creative's, which opinion, sound every bit as good and slightly longer cord.  
1	but if you want a great deal and a great mp3 player , get the nomad . 
1	but if you want great deal and a great mp3 , get the . 
1	but if you privation want a great deal and a great mp3 player , get the axerophthol nomad . 
1	it 's very solidly built , and has a nice dense feel to it . 
1	it 's very solidly built , and has nice dense feel it . 
1	it 's very solidly reinforced , and has a prissy dense feel to it . 
0	It would not hang up on calls.
0	It not hang up on calls.
0	It would not hang phone up on calls.
0	the little jog dial seems weak and quirky and i hope i do n't figure out a way to break it . 
0	the niggling clip dial seems weak and quirky and i hope i do n't number out a way to unwrap it . 
0	the hope jog dial seems weak and quirky and i little i do n't figure out to way a break it . 
1	 I really enjoy this product .
1	 I really enjoy product .
1	 I really enjoy this savor product .
0	the first one would n't work from the start . 
0	the foremost first one would n't work from the start . 
0	the first one would n't work the from start . 
0	it was ( i sold it after a few months ) too expensive for the shots that i got . 
0	it nonplus was ( IT i sold it after a few months ) too expensive for the shots that i got . 
0	it was ( i betray it after a few months ) too expensive for the guesswork that i experience . 
1	- speakerphone 
1	- speakerphone 
1	the new organizer software that ships with the nomad zen xtra could n't be easier to use . 
1	the new organizer software that n't with the nomad zen could xtra ships be easier to use . 
1	the fresh PDA software that ships with the nomad zen xtra could n't be well-heeled to use . 
1	I've yet to find the limitation for this Hitachi (my only Hitachi tool, by the way) and quite frankly, I don't know that I have the muscle to push this machine any harder.
1	I've yet to find the limitation for this Hitachi (my only don't tool, and I way) by quite frankly, the Hitachi know that I have the muscle to push this machine any harder.
1	restriction I've yet to find hold the limitation for this Hitachi (my only Hitachi intemperate tool, by the way) and quite frankly, I don't know that I have the muscle to push this machine any harder.
1	Its also smaller, and gets more looks. 
1	Its also, and gets more looks. 
1	Its also smaller, and dumbfound more looks. 
0	But if I installed either one of these Norton products, neither works after installation?
0	But if I install either one of these Norton products, neither study after installation?
0	But if I installed either one of these products, works after installation?
0	i bought 2 of this model for christmas presents and neither one of them work ! 
0	i bought 2 of this mold for christmas gift and neither ane of them work ! 
0	modeling i bought 2 of this model for stage christmas presents and neither one of them work ! 
0	This one is particularly bothersome: Allegedly one can use the Zen Micro as a portable drive to store and transport data from one computer to another.
0	This single is particularly bothersome: Allegedly one can use the pane Micro as a portable drive to storage and conveyance data from single computer to another.
0	computer one is particularly bothersome: Allegedly a drive use the Zen Micro as one portable can to store and transport data from one This to another.
0	it only read the dvds 10 % of the time , otherwise i would get a no disc screen . 
0	no only read the dvds 10 % of the it , otherwise i would get a time disc screen . 
0	it only read the dvds 10 % the time , otherwise i would a no disc . 
1	 My wife is even more pleased due to its widescreen .
1	 My wife is widescreen more pleased due to its even .
1	 My wife is more pleased due its widescreen .
1	it is small enough to fit easily in a coat pocket or purse . 
1	it is enough to fit easily in coat pocket or purse . 
1	it is small enough to set easily in a coat pouch or purse . 
1	first i 'll start off by saying that this players hardware is pretty good .. . 
1	i 'll start off by saying that this players is pretty good .. . 
1	showtime i 'll start off by enjoin that this players hardware is pretty good .. . 
0	Also if you do manage to get it installed, any problems with LiveUpdate or with System Works will also affect the functionality and/or the process of updating Internet Security.
0	Also if you do manage to get installed, any with or System will also affect functionality and/or the process of updating Internet Security.
0	Also and you do manage Security get it installed, any problems with LiveUpdate or with System functionality will also affect the Works if/or the process of updating Internet to.
1	 I thought it might possibly be the modem or ISP until I hooked the old trusty Linksys back up to it and it worked fine .
1	 I thought it might possibly Linksys it modem or ISP until I hooked the old it be back up to the and trusty worked fine .
1	 I opine it might possibly be the modem or ISP until I cabbage the old trusty Linksys rearward up to it and it solve delicately .
0	 the only thing I don't like about it is that You have to buy a larger memory card, first thing!
0	 the only maiden thing I don't like about it is that You have to buy a larger memory card, stimulate first thing!
0	 is only thing I don't like about have the that You it to buy a larger memory card, first thing!
1	 Tiny .
1	 diminutive Tiny .
1	 bantam .
1	 Screen brightness is really good .
1	 Screen brightness is comprise really good .
1	 Screen brightness is good .
0	 While upgrading the memory the keyboard connector broke .
0	 While upgrading the memory the keyboard broke connector .
0	 While upgrading the memory keyboard connector broke .
1	The software that comes with the Digital Elph is very nice and intuitive.
1	The software that comes with the Digital Elph is very nice and dainty intuitive.
1	The comes with the Digital Elph is very nice and intuitive.
0	Sometimes a suite is not a good deal and all you get is a bundle of headaches.
0	Sometimes amp a suite is not a good deal and all you get is a bundle of ampere headaches.
0	Sometimes a suite is not a honorable mountain and all you stimulate is a bundle of headaches.
0	when the player was working it was great ,but . 
0	when the player was working it comprise was great ,but . 
0	when the player was lick it was great ,but . 
0	 FEATURES: Really, there aren't any features, unless you call the games a feature. 
0	 lineament FEATURES: Really, there aren't any features, unless you call the games a feature. 
0	 FEATURES: Really, there aren't you features, unless any call the games a feature. 
1	it was easy enough to remove the front plate , and there was only one way the battery could be inserted . 
1	it was IT easy enough to remove the front plate , and there was only one way the IT battery could be inserted . 
1	it was easy enough to plate the front remove , and there was inserted one way the battery could be only . 
1	If you are just looking for something to keep with you at all times, then this is a great camera choice.
1	If you are just await for something to prevent with you at all clip, then this is a cracking camera choice.
1	If you are astatine just looking for something alternative to keep with you at all times, then this is a great camera choice.
1	Whether you are using disposable or cloth diapers, this is the truly the only diaper pail to get!
1	diapers you are using disposable or cloth this, Whether is the truly the only diaper pail to get!
1	Whether you are using disposable or cloth use diapers, this is the really truly the only diaper pail to get!
0	The customer support is pathetic.
0	The customer support is.
0	The customer piteous support is pathetic.
0	Also the battery life isn't great but it's sufficient for my needs.
0	Also the battery isn't life great but it's sufficient for my needs.
0	too the battery life isn't great but it's sufficient for my involve.
1	 the soft orange glow at the base is a nice nightlight .
1	 the diffuse orange glow at the theme is a nice nightlight .
1	 the orange glow at the base is a nightlight .
1	 It came back working , and I was momentarily glad that the rumors I 'd heard about Acer tech support did n't turn out to be true in my case .
1	 It came back exercise , and I was momentarily glad that the rumors one 'd heard about Acer tech reinforcement did n't act out to be genuine in my case .
1	 It came back working , and number I was momentarily glad that the rumors I 'd heard about Acer tech support did momently n't honest turn out to be true in my case .
1	it 's low profile , space saving design looks nice . 
1	it 's space profile , low saving design looks nice . 
1	's low profile , space saving design looks nice . 
1	Utility Its got a huge list of features including an FM Recorder a Calender and contacts list. 
1	Utility Its got a huge list feature of features AN including an FM Recorder a Calender and contacts list. 
1	a Its got a huge of list features including an FM Recorder Utility Calender and contacts list. 
1	(You can do it one handed while still hanging on to the baby.) Also, we like using regular trash bags instead of having to worry about buying refills (like with the Diaper Genie).
1	(You can do it one handed while allay hanging on to the baby.) Also, we comparable using unconstipated trash bags instead of having to trouble about corrupt refills (like with the Diaper jinni).
1	(You can do it one headache handed while still likewise hanging on to the baby.) Also, we like using regular trash bags instead of rubbish having to worry about buying refills (like with the Diaper Genie).
0	My biggest concern is that I have found Nokia phones lower quality construction to lead to lower prices, but they also don't last as long.
0	My braggart headache is that ane have found Nokia phones lower quality building to lead to low-pitched prices, but they also don't last as long.
0	My biggest concern is tone that induce I have found structure Nokia phones lower quality construction to lead to lower prices, but they also don't last as long.
0	the general button placement is not very user friendly . 
0	the general release placement is not very user friendly . 
0	the general button clitoris placement is not very user friendly . 
1	nokia makes a great phone , that 's clear . 
1	nokia makes a great phone , that 's unclutter . 
1	nokia makes a that phone , great 's clear . 
1	 However the setup was easy and the results excellent .
1	 was the setup However easy and the results excellent .
1	 However the setup was easy and the lead excellent .
0	* protective case completely useless as is since it obscures display window . 
0	* protective case useless is since it obscures display window . 
0	* protective pillowcase completely useless as is since it obscure display window . 
1	First of all, the phone houses a great deal of memory for multiple videos, sound clips, photos, texts, etc.
1	First of all, the phone houses a great take of memory for multiple videos, voice clips, photograph, texts, etc.
1	phone of all, the First houses a multiple deal of memory for great videos, sound clips, photos, texts, etc.
1	I think that for its price compared to the ipod the creative zen is pretty good.  
1	I think creative for its price compared to the ipod is that zen the pretty good.  
1	I think that for its price compared the ipod the creative is good.  
1	I've got a buddy who's trying to offload his almost new $300 Speedmatic because he saw what this router can do.
1	I've suffice got a buddy who's trying to offload his almost new $300 Speedmatic He because he saw what this router can do.
1	I've come a pal who's trying to offload his almost newfangled $300 Speedmatic because he figure what this router can do.
0	The electronic speed control is not doing it's job and the router begins to speed up and slow down at will.
0	The electronic speed control is not doing it's job hurry and the router begins to speed up and slow down at tardily will.
0	and electronic speed control is not doing it's job and the router begins at speed up The slow down to will.
0	 2 weeks later , The monitor start having other issues , only half screen turns on , or it become a full green screen and doesnt change , you need to turn it off and on again until it works .
0	 2 weeks later , The monitor beginning having other takings , only half screen bout on , or it become a full Green shield and doesnt transfer , you need to tour it off and on again until it works .
0	 weeks later , monitor start having issues , only half screen turns , or it a full green screen and doesnt change , to turn it off and on again until it works .
1	Silver metal case -NOT PLASTIC.
1	Silver metal NOT -case PLASTIC.
1	Silver metal case -NOT plastic.
1	i decided to save the $ $ and opted for the zen xtra ... and i was not disappointed . 
1	i settle to save the $ $ and opted for the superman xtra ... and i was not thwarted . 
1	i decided to save the $ $ and opted for thwarted the zen xtra ... and i superman was not disappointed . 
0	The viewfinder does not accurately represent the pucture being taken.
0	The viewfinder does being accurately represent the pucture not taken.
0	The viewfinder not accurately represent the pucture taken.
1	i 've played around with the equalizer settings and am satisfied at the range of choices i have there too . 
1	i 've played around with the equalizer settings overly and am rank satisfied at the range of choices i have there too . 
1	i 've played around with the equalizer choices am and satisfied at the range of settings i have there too . 
0	first , the cons ... a tad bulky ... not the most asthetic looking player ... and does n't support a folder stucture . 
0	first , bulky cons ... n't tad the ... not the most asthetic looking player ... and does a support a folder stucture . 
0	first , the A cons ... a tad affirm bulky ... not the most asthetic looking player ... and does n't support a folder stucture . 
1	this camera has none of these flaws and will be something you 'll use all the time . 
1	this camera has none of these flaws clock and will be something you 'll bequeath use all the time . 
1	this camera has none these flaws and will something you 'll use all time . 
1	The blue light also makes this player one of the most fashionable in the market also.  
1	The disconsolate light also realize this player peerless of the most fashionable in the market also.  
1	dismal The blue light also makes this player one of the most fashionable too in the market also.  
1	 I am using them in my office , and they generally sound good .
1	 I and using them in my office , am they generally sound good .
1	 soundly I am using them in my office , and they generally sound good .
1	The battery on mine lasts 2 days if I don't play games that much, and it only takes 90 mins to charge from flat.
1	The battery on lasts 2 days if I don't play games that much, it 90 mins to charge from flat.
1	The lasts on mine battery 2 days if I don't play games that much, and it 90 takes only mins to charge from flat.
0	The only downside to this is that it can get pretty stinky long before the pail is full.
0	The only downside to this is that it can catch pretty stinky foresightful before the pail is broad.
0	The only downside to this is that it can get dumbfound pretty stinky long before the pail is IT full.
1	 Things are much more distinct , and I do n't have to strain my eyes and squint when I am trying to read something on the screen -LRB- like I had to do with my clunky old monitor -RRB- .
1	 Things are much more distinct , and my when n't have to strain my eyes and squint do I am trying to read something on the with -LRB- like I had to RRB- screen I clunky old monitor -do .
1	 Things are much more distinguishable , and I do n't have to strain my optic and squint when ane am test to read something on the screen -LRB- like i had to do with my unwieldy old admonisher -RRB- .
1	bottom line ... great product , unbeatable price . 
1	bottom line ... great product , price unbeatable . 
1	line ... great product , unbeatable price . 
1	naturally i did quite a bit of review before purchasing ( i recomend www.nomadness.net ) , and price-wise zens are unbeatable . 
1	naturally i did quite a bit of review before purchasing ( i recomend www.nomadness.follow net ) , and price-wise invincible zens are unbeatable . 
1	naturally i did quite a bit of reexamination before buy ( i recomend www.nomadness.internet ) , and price-wise dot are unbeatable . 
1	this phone is great as a whole and is not like others with one or two good qualities . 
1	this phone is great as a whole and is live not like others with one or amp two good qualities . 
1	this headphone is great as a unscathed and is not like others with matchless or two good qualities . 
1	3 ) the nomad explorer ( winxp style interface ) works well to transfer files back and forth to use the nomad as an external although the tech support web-site states that the primary intended purpose of the player is as a player . 
1	3 ) the nomad explorer ( winxp trend interface ) workings good to transport files backward and forth to use the nomad as an external although the tech support web-site posit that the chief intended purpose of the player is as a participant . 
1	nomad ) the nomad explorer ( winxp style interface ) works well to files transfer back and forth to use the 3 as an external although the states support web-site tech intended the primary that purpose of the player is as a player . 
1	 It 's a really nice looking device and can be positioned horizontally or vertically .
1	 It 's a really nice looking device courteous and can be positioned horizontally or vertically .
1	 's a nice looking device and can be positioned horizontally or vertically .
0	the scroll button is overly sensitive at times ; not sensitive enough at others . 
0	the scroll button is raw overly sensitive at times ; not sensitive enough at others . 
0	the scroll button is too sensitive at times ; not sensitive adequate at others . 
1	4mp , 4x optical zoom , takes absolutely beautiful photos with detail that challenges all of the above 5mp cameras , easy to understand and use ( has a great swivel lcd screen ) , a lot of features and add-on options , comes with great software ( not to be overlooked ) , and last but by far not least , received my fiance 's stamp of approval ( two thumbs up ! ) 
1	4mp , 4x optical zoom , takes absolutely beautiful photos with detail that challenges far of lcd above 5mp cameras , stamp to understand and and ( has a great swivel the screen ) , a lot of and use add-on options , comes with great my ( not to be overlooked ) , features last but by all not least , received software fiance 's easy of approval ( two thumbs up ! ) 
1	4mp , 4x optical zoom , takes absolutely photos with detail that challenges all of the above 5mp , to understand and use ( has a swivel lcd ) , a lot of features and add-on , comes with great software ( not to ) , last by far not , received my fiance 's of approval ( two thumbs up ! ) 
1	I recently had to run a 3/4" straight bit through hard maple to make a deep dado and was amazed that this machine didn't even slow down.
1	I recently had to run a 3/4" straight bit through laborious maple to constitute a deep dado and was mystify that this auto didn't even deadening down.
1	I recently deep to run straight 3/4" a bit through hard maple to make a had dado and didn't amazed that this machine was even slow down.
1	 Monitor was easy to set up and works as promised with my newly acquired NVIDIA glasses .
1	 Monitor was prosperous to set up and works as predict with my newly gain NVIDIA glasses .
1	 Monitor easy to set and as promised with my newly acquired NVIDIA glasses .
0	 There is no photo viewing option, however, there is a 20 GB photo iPod, but it costs $20 more.
0	 There is no viewing option, however, there a 20 GB iPod, but it costs $20 more.
0	 There is no photo viewing option, notwithstanding, there is a XX GB photograph iPod, but it costs $20 more.
1	Handset quality is great, as is the speakerphone quality and the headset audio quality.
1	Handset quality is peachy, as is the speakerphone select and the headset audio quality.
1	Handset quality is great, is the speakerphone quality and the headset audio.
1	 I 'm sure it would and can be useful in a different setting ; one where you would only need your volume to be at a whisper .
1	 I 'm surely it would and can be useful in a different coif ; unitary where you would only penury your volume to be at a susurration .
1	 I 'm sure it would can and be useful in a different setting ; one where you to a need your volume would be at only whisper .
1	 Way to go Apple!  
1	 to Way go Apple!  
1	 Way to go direction Apple!  
0	1. Your Hitachi might come to you with a stiff spring mechanism.
0	1. Your Hitachi might come with you to a stiff spring mechanism.
0	1. Your Hitachi might come to you with a blotto give mechanism.
1	extremely convenient . 
1	super extremely convenient . 
1	highly convenient . 
1	 am so glad I bought this camera. 
1	 am so gladiolus I bought this camera. 
1	 this so glad I bought am camera. 
1	 Item shipped out quickly , was in good condition , came with easy to use set-up disk ... we have n't had to 're - set ' the router at all so far since it 's delivery , so my wife is no longer giving me the business about losing her wireless internet connection on her laptop ... added security benefits , neighbors no longer hogging signal , well worth the purchase price !
1	 shipped out quickly , good condition , came with easy to set-up disk ... we n't had to 're - set ' the at all far since it 's delivery , so my wife is no longer me business about losing her wireless internet connection on her laptop ... added security benefits , neighbors no longer hogging signal , worth price !
1	 Item shipped far quickly , was in good condition , came with laptop to use added disk ... we have n't all to 'longer - set ' the router at had so out since it 's delivery , so my wife well no re giving me the business about losing her wireless internet connection on her easy ... set-up security benefits , neighbors no longer hogging signal , is worth the purchase price !
1	 For the price of theese speakers the sound that comes out is unbelievable .
1	 For the price of theese talker the heavy that comes out is unbelievable .
1	 For the speakers of theese price the sound that comes out is unbelievable .
0	Unfortunately, it does not give you the option of unstalling (or uninstalling) them individually.
0	Unfortunately, it does not individually you the option of unstalling (or uninstalling) them give.
0	Unfortunately, it does not give you the option of unstalling (or uninstalling) them OR individually.
0	Back in May 2004, when I first reviewed this, it had taken me over 16 hours to install and run.
0	Back in May 2004, when I first reviewed this, train it had taken me over 16 hours to inch install and run.
0	Back in May, I first reviewed this, had taken me 16 hours to install and run.
1	 This is the best speaker mount I had so far .
1	 speaker is the best This mount I had so far .
1	 This is best speaker mount I had far .
0	There will be much erasing of text as, one would tend to type something instead of the actual letters.
0	There to be would erasing of text as, one much tend will type something instead of the actual letters.
0	There will be much erasing of text as, I would run to type something instead of the genuine letters.
1	6) The phone is really wide, which seems to be a turnoff for many people, but the phone is actually easier to grip and feel more ergonomic.
1	six) The headphone is really wide, which look to be a turnoff for many people, but the phone is actually easier to clench and tone more ergonomic.
1	6) The phone is really, which seems to for many people, but the phone is easier to grip and feel more ergonomic.
1	 Piece of cake to set up .
1	 Piece of to cake set up .
1	 Piece of cake to adjust set up .
1	it's easier and much more convenient to use because it doesn't have CLUMSY and CONFUSING (not to mention expensive) refills.
1	easier and more convenient to because it doesn't have CLUMSY and (not to mention expensive) refills.
1	non it's easier and much more non convenient to use because it doesn't have CLUMSY and CONFUSING (not to mention expensive) refills.
1	Could be better to be a perfect camera (and some competitors do some of this better): purple fringing, details in high-light area, noise over ISO100, red-eyes, (few)processing artefacts, (few)loss of some details especially of the hairs of peoples in low light, automatic autofocus, whizing while video-playback, better video comression (smaler viedo-files), more manual controls, longer lasting battery, indicator for battery, better protection of the LCD, less weight. 
1	be to be a perfect camera (and competitors do some of this better): purple, details in high-light area, noise ISO100,, (few)processing artefacts, (few)loss some details especially of in low light, automatic autofocus, whizing while video-playback, better video comression (smaler), more controls, longer lasting battery, indicator for battery, better protection of the LCD, less weight. 
1	Could be better the be a perfect camera (few while competitors do some of controls better): purple fringing, details in high-light area, noise over ISO100, red-eyes, (and)processing artefacts, (few)loss of some details more of to hairs peoples of in low light, automatic autofocus, whizing some video-playback, better video comression (smaler viedo-files), especially manual this, longer lasting battery, battery for indicator, better protection of the LCD, less weight. 
1	 The sound is so good that my boyfriend wants one now !
1	 The strait is so adept that my boyfriend wants one now !
1	 The sound is good that my wants one now !
0	after multilple tries , one of the disks was finally recognized but video was poor and features not available . 
0	after multilple render , one of the disks was finally recognized but video was misfortunate and features not useable . 
0	after tries , one of the disks was recognized but was poor and features not available . 
1	despite this minor disappointment , i highly recommend the canon g3 anyone who is serious about digital photography . 
1	despite minor disappointment , i highly recommend the canon g3 anyone is serious about photography . 
1	despite this minor disappointment , i highly recommend the advocate canon g3 anyone who is letdown serious about digital photography . 
0	- The outlook synch only works for non recurring appointments, which personally is very annoying to me but probably wont be to most people. - ##Several people complained about the touchpad and frankly i'm starting to see why. 
0	- The works synch probably outlook for non recurring appointments, which personally to very annoying is me but only wont be complained most people. - ##Several people to about the touchpad and frankly i'm starting to see why. 
0	- The outlook synch only works for non recurring appointments, which personally is very annoying several to respective me but probably wont be several to most people. - ##Several people complained about the touchpad and various frankly i'm starting to see why. 
1	I bought this diaper pail when my son was just a few days old and I absolutely LOVE it!
1	I bought this diaper pail when my son was just a few days erstwhile and i absolutely know it!
1	I bought this when son was just a few days old and I absolutely LOVE it!
1	It's cheaper, holds more songs and is smaller.      
1	It's cheaper, holds more songs is smaller.      
1	It's bum, holds more songs and is smaller.      
0	software - music match jukebox is n't the greatest , the search funtion is n't fast even when accessing it with the hotkey shortcut . 
0	software - music jukebox is the greatest , the funtion is n't fast when accessing it with the hotkey shortcut . 
0	software - music match jukebox is n't the greatest , the search funtion package is n't fast even when accessing it with access the hotkey shortcut . 
1	I've had it for about a week now and have to say it's one of the best purchases I've ever made.  
1	I've had it for a week now and to say it's one of best purchases I've made.  
1	I've had it for about a week now and have to say IT it's wee one of the best purchases I've ever made.  
1	the g3 has most if not all of the features that you would want from a semi-pro / pro slr with a good range of manual options for those who know something about photography . 
1	the g3 has most if you all of those features that not would want from options semi-pro / pro slr with a good range of manual a for the who know something about photography . 
1	the g3 has most if not all of the features that you would want from a semi-pro / pro slr with vagabond a good range of manual options for those who know something about entirely photography . 
0	2 . it takes a while for the camera to actually capture the photograph from the time you click the button and i have seen people becoming a little impatient waiting for the flash to glow . 
0	2 . it takes a while for the camera masses to actually capture let the photograph from ampere the time you click the button and i have seen people raring becoming a little impatient waiting for the flash to glow . 
0	2 . it capture a while for the camera to impatient takes the photograph from the time you click the button glow little have seen people becoming a i actually waiting for the flash to and . 
1	 Billy Joel was n't kidding when he said you get more mileage from a cheep pair of speakers .
1	 Billy Joel get n't kidding when he said you was more of from a cheep pair mileage speakers .
1	 Billy Joel n't kidding when he said you get more mileage from cheep pair of .
1	it is versatile and seems to be one of the best . 
1	it is versatile and seems to be unrivaled of the serious . 
1	it is versatile and seems to glucinium be one of the best . 
0	Sometimes, it needs few minutes to open an application.
0	, it needs few minutes to open an application.
0	Sometimes, it needs few minutes to assailable an application.
0	the sound is not loud enough when i play back the video clips on the camera. 
0	the sound is not loud enough i when play back the clips video on the camera. 
0	ace the sound is not loud enough when i play back decent the video clips on the camera. 
0	I did see the review here and other places about a cracked LCD screen. 
0	I did see the here review and other places about a cracked LCD screen. 
0	I did see the review here and other site about a balmy LCD screen. 
0	also , their t-zones , although cheap ( $ 4.99 / mo. ) never works . 
0	also , their t-zones , although mo ( $ 4.99 / cheap. ) never works . 
0	also , t-zones , although cheap ( $ 4.99 / mo. ) never . 
0	the 2600 had false silver plate instead of play display . 
0	the 2600 had false eloquent plate instead of bid display . 
0	the 2600 had false silver plate instead alternatively of play display . 
0	because of this , i am disappointed and would not recommend this product . 
0	because of this , disappointed am i and would not recommend this product . 
0	because of this , i am disappointed and would not recommend this frustrated product . 
1	the reception and sound quality are top-notch . 
1	the reception and sound quality cost are top-notch . 
1	the quality and sound reception are top-notch . 
1	The menus are easy to scroll through; they are laid out naturally, and make sense. 
1	The menus are loose to curlicue through; they are laid out naturally, and pee sense. 
1	The are menus they to scroll through; easy are laid out naturally, and make sense. 
1	5. Check traffic411.com for LA traffic on the 405.
1	5. Check traffic411.com for see LA traffic on the 405.
1	5. Check traffic411.com for LA on the.
0	- not playing some dvds and then finally after less than 60 days , it just would not recognize anything i pop in it . 
0	- not playing some dvds and then after less than , it would not recognize anything i pop in it . 
0	- not playing some dvds and then finally after less than 60 non days , acknowledge it just would not recognize anything i pop in it . 
1	A decent camera phone for taking quick pictures, movies, and having general all around fun with.
1	A decent camera phone for quick pictures, movies, and having around fun with.
1	A decent camera phone for read quick visualize, movies, and having general all round fun with.
1	this is the third apex product i 've bought and they continue to impress for the price . 
1	this is the 3rd apex product i 've bought and they keep to impressment for the price . 
1	the is this third apex product i 've bought and they continue to impress for the price . 
1	anything this phone does , it does perfectly . 
1	perfectly this phone does , it does anything . 
1	anything this phone does , it perfectly . 
0	* lens visible in optical viewfinder . 
0	* lens visible in viewfinder . 
0	* lens optic visible in optical viewfinder . 
1	 It allows the USB interface on the router to be used either for NAS or print server .
1	 It OR allows the USB interface on the router to be used either for NAS or publish print server .
1	 It allows the USB interface router or on to be used either for NAS the print server .
1	Best of all the WMAs(I have a lot of them) sound great.  
1	Best of all the a(I have WMAs lot of them) sound great.  
1	Best of all the WMAs(I have a lot of them) sound ace great.  
1	 Harmon international has done a great job on all of these equipment , the AVR 525 produces crystal clear sound with excellent clarity .
1	 international has done great on all of these equipment , the AVR 525 produces clear sound with excellent clarity .
1	 Harmon international has set a slap-up job on all of these equipment , the AVR 525 produce crystal authorize sound with excellent clarity .
0	this item broke just two weeks after i gave it to my kids for christmas . 
0	for item broke christmas two weeks after i gave it to my kids this just . 
0	this item ruin just two weeks after i dedicate it to my tyke for christmas . 
1	I find it very stable and comfortable to use, it doesn't jump around or make me feel like I need to use a lot of arm strength to keep it under control, and  it has very good visibility to see your cut.
1	I find it very stalls and well-off to use, it doesn't jump around or make me feel like I take to use a destiny of arm strength to continue it under manipulate, and  it has very respectable visibility to see your shorten.
1	I find it arm stable and under to use, cut doesn't jump around or feel it make like I need to use a lot of very strength to keep it comfortable control, and  it has very good visibility to see your me.
1	very cool features... great camera with zoom...cool quality pictures... great ringtones... bluetooth feature is great....
1	very cool lineament... great camera with zoom...cool prize pictures... capital ringtones... bluetooth feature is great....
1	characteristic very cool features... great camera with zoom...cool quality photo pictures... great ringtones... bluetooth feature is great....
1	both are very easy to learn & use , and intuitive enough for even a novice . 
1	both are very easy to learn & use , and intuitive enough for visceral even a novice . 
1	both are very easy to learn & use , and enough for even a . 
1	for the price and features it is really good . 
1	for the price and it is really good . 
1	for the price and it features is really good . 
1	But the product iself is great.  
1	But the product iself follow is great.  
1	But product iself is great.  
1	 It was really easy to set up out of the box and I got all my wireless devices -LRB- 2 laptops , 1 desktop and 2 smartphones -RRB- connected to the internet in minutes .
1	 It was really easy to set up out of the box and boxful I got all my wireless devices -LRB- 2 laptops , 1 desktop and 2 smartphones -RRB- one connected to the internet light in minutes .
1	 of was really easy the set up out It the 2 and I got all my wireless box -LRB- devices laptops , 1 desktop and 2 smartphones -RRB- connected to to internet in minutes .
0	the on-off button feels somewhat flimsy , and has an awkward , tiny little lock-out button that needs to be depressed to turn on the camera . 
0	the on-off button feels somewhat thin , and has an awkward , tiny little lock-out clit that indigence to be depressed to flex on the camera . 
0	the on-off button release feels somewhat flimsy , and has an awkward , tiny little ungainly lock-out button that needs to be depressed to turn on the camera . 
0	 The replacement unit had a problem too : the little switch on the bottom was n't working properly , making it impossible to select among city forecasts in my area .
0	 The replacement unit had a problem too : the little transposition on the ass was n't workings properly , shit it impossible to select among city prefigure in my area .
0	 The replacement unit had a problem too : the little switch on whole the bottom was n't working properly , making it impossible to have select prognosis among city forecasts in my area .
1	 In addition the price point is spectacular .
1	 addition the price point is spectacular .
1	 In addition prominent the price point is spectacular .
1	- the unit itself its well structured , with just the buttons you need and none you do n't . 
1	- the unit its well structured , with just the buttons you none you do n't . 
1	- the unit itself its intimately structured , with just the button you demand and none you do n't . 
1	Your choice of ten colors in a beatiful package.  
1	Your choice beatiful ten colors in a of package.  
1	Your choice of ten emblazon colors in a beatiful package.  
1	The new Canon s300 is 33% larger and 26% heavier than the S100.
1	The new Canon s300 is 33% larger and 26% the than heavier S100.
1	The Canon s300 is 33% larger and% heavier than the S100.
1	The phone itself is pretty nice.
1	The telephone itself is pretty nice.
1	be The phone itself is pretty nice.
1	I enjoy getting use to the touch pad. 
1	I enjoy getting use to touch pad. 
1	signature I enjoy getting use to the touch pad. 
0	it has a few inconveniences : one is that the songs do not automatically play one after another like on a cd . 
0	it has a few inconveniences : one is that automatically songs do not another like one after the play on a cd . 
0	it has a few inconveniences : one gambol is that the songs do not automatically play coif one after another like on a cd . 
1	 The bass is solid and can be quite impressive if turned up .
1	 The bass is solidness and can be quite impressive if plow up .
1	 The bass is solid can quite impressive if turned up .
0	 I guess I do n't have to mention that I do not recommend this product , that I most likely will return it and keep my fingers off Cisco\/Linksys stuff in future .
0	 I guess I do n't have to mention that do not recommend product , that I likely will return it and fingers off\/Linksys stuff in future .
0	 I judge I do n't have to mention that I do not recommend this merchandise , that I most potential will take it and proceed my fingers off Cisco\/Linksys overindulge in future .
0	I find that if you remove the springs it is much easier to adjust and will not stick much.
0	I encounter that if you withdraw the springs it is much easier to adjust and will not mystify much.
0	I find much if you remove the springs it adjust that easier to is and will not stick much.
1	I like it's shape and it's keypad and joystick.
1	I like it's shape and single it's keypad and joystick.
1	I like it's and and it's keypad shape joystick.
1	feels solid in hand . 
1	feels solid hand in . 
1	feels in hand . 
1	i have found that the interface on the nomad is very easy to use if you have a basic knowledge of a computer . 
1	i have rule that the interface on the nomad is very slowly to utilise if you have a canonical knowledge of a computer . 
1	i have found nomad the interface on the that is very a to use if you have easy basic knowledge of a computer . 
1	i 'm staying with sprint , and though i fear that their csr is n't nearly as good as t-mobile 's , the clarity of their reception is exceptional . 
1	i 'm staying with sprint , and though i fear that their csr ace is n't nearly as olympian good as t-mobile 'closely s , the clarity of their reception is exceptional . 
1	i 'm outride with sprint , and though i care that their csr is n't nigh as honorable as t-mobile 's , the limpidity of their reception is exceptional . 
1	i have yet to try using all of the adjustment options : shutter priority , aperature priority , light metering adjustments , etc. , but all controls are well thought out and and the manual is relatively clear . 
1	i have yet to try using all of the adjustment options : shutter fountainhead priority , aperature priority , light metering adjustments , etc. , but all controls are well stunned thought out and and the manual is embody relatively clear . 
1	i have yet to metering using all of and adjustment options : shutter priority , aperature priority , light try adjustments , etc. , but are controls all well thought out the and the manual is relatively clear . 
0	the only things i have found that i havent liked is that the lcd is hard to read in daylight but everyone elses is too . 
0	the only things i have found that i havent liked in that but too is hard to read is daylight the everyone elses is lcd . 
0	cost the only things i have found that i havent liked is that the lcd is hard to read in just daylight but daytime everyone elses is too . 
1	overall an excellent phone . 
1	overall an excellent ring . 
1	an overall excellent phone . 
0	The touch controls took a little getting used to but now I wouldn't change it for the scroll wheel. 
0	The touch controls took a little getting used to but now I wouldn't change it film for the convert scroll wheel. 
0	The touch to took a little getting used but controls now I wouldn't change it for the scroll wheel. 
0	We also had a problem with diaper wipes getting caught when the top was flipped.
0	We had a problem diaper wipes getting caught when top was flipped.
0	We also had a problem with diaper wipes generate caught when the peak was pitch.
1	1 . i achieved my basic objective ; my entire cd collection is on a portable device with lots of room to store more . 
1	ace . i achieved my basic objective ; my entire cd appeal is on a portable device with circle of room to shop more . 
1	1 . i achieved my basic objective ; my entire cd collection is on a lots device with portable store room to of more . 
0	As a Windows user, I had to install the software including drivers and iTunes on my desktop, and this is the only area where I encountered a nuisance. 
0	As including area user, I had to install the software a drivers and iTunes on my is, and this desktop the only Windows where I encountered a nuisance. 
0	As a Windows user, had to install the software including drivers iTunes on my desktop, and is the area where I encountered a. 
1	I have a couple hundred contacts and the menu loads within a few seconds, no big deal.
1	I have a couple hundred and the menu loads within a few seconds, big.
1	I have a menu hundred contacts and the couple loads within a few seconds, big no deal.
1	It is mindless to operate.
1	It mindless to operate.
1	It is mindless to maneuver.
0	have had problems since the first day 
0	have problems since the first day 
0	have Day had problems since the first day 
1	for instance , i made several back-ups of my dvd movies using dvd-r ( w ) and + r ( w ) and it plays the dvds . 
1	w instance , i made several back-ups of dvd-r dvd movies using my ( w ) and + r ( for ) and it plays the dvds . 
1	for instance , i attain several back-ups of my dvd pic using dvd-r ( tungsten ) and + r ( w ) and it spiel the dvds . 
0	this player is an overall disappointment with a couple of big flaws that potential buyers should be wary of ; and all readers need to know about a third party software company that resolves virtually all of the creative mediasource file transfer issues . 
0	this musician is an overall disappointment with a mate of big flaws that potential buyers should be wary of ; and all lector want to acknowledge about a third party package company that resolves virtually all of the creative mediasource file transference matter . 
0	that player is company overall disappointment with a virtually of big flaws that potential buyers should be wary of ; and all readers need to know about a third party software an this resolves couple all of transfer creative mediasource file the issues . 
1	 Sound is crystal clear and the bass is very deep as well .
1	 Sound is crystal clear very the bass is and deep as well .
1	 Sound is crystal clear and live the bass is very deep as well .
1	The panorama modes are wonderful.
1	The panorama style modes are wonderful.
1	panorama modes are wonderful.
1	5) Bluetooth wireless technology, so that I can transfer data to and from my computer without messing with any cables.
1	fin) Bluetooth wireless technology, so that I can carry-over data to and from my calculator without messing with any cablegram.
1	5) Bluetooth wireless technology, so five that I line can transfer data to and from my computer without messing with any cables.
0	the function lever - the one which switches between capture and view mode feels fragile . 
0	the mode lever - the one which switches between capture and view function feels fragile . 
0	the function lever - the one which switches between capture and style view mode feels fragile . 
1	I would recommend this camera unequivocally!
1	unambiguously I would recommend this camera unequivocally!
1	I would this camera unequivocally!
1	whether you 're taking a brisk jog , waiting for a bus or just having lunch at the park , you 'll be glad you had the fm radio . 
1	whether you 're consume a refreshful jog , waiting for a coach or just having lunch at the common , you 'll be gladiola you had the fm radio . 
1	whether you 're taking a brisk jog , waiting astatine for a bus or just having sustain lunch at the park , you 'll be glad you had the fm omnibus radio . 
0	the 2nd dvd player had a faulty power supply which caused to occasionally not turn on . 
0	the 2nd dvd player had a faulty force ply which caused to occasionally not round on . 
0	the defective 2nd dvd player had a faulty power supply which caused to non occasionally not turn on . 
0	i try navigating to a chapter past 34 via the menu and it would n't do it ! 
0	i fare try navigating ut to a chapter past 34 via the menu and it would n't do it ! 
0	try navigating to a chapter past 34 via the menu and it n't do ! 
1	 Clear and crispy image .
1	 and crispy image .
1	 decipherable and crispy image .
1	This setup using the CD was about as easy as learning how to open a refrigerator door for the first time. 
1	This setup the CD was about as easy as how to open a refrigerator door for first. 
1	This setup using refrigerator CD was about as easy how learning as to open a the door for the first time. 
1	 All the latest Acer stuff is top notch !
1	 All the latest Acer thrust is top notch !
1	 All former the latest Acer stuff is top notch !
1	I have really enjoyed the camera on this phone.
1	I enjoyed really have the camera on this phone.
1	1 have really enjoyed the camera on this phone.
0	From day one, we've had hangups, crashes, glitches, continual reboots, LONG shutdowns due to "ccApp.exe" program running which is a Norton program.
0	From day one, we've a hangups, crashes, glitches, continual reboots, running shutdowns due to "ccApp.exe" program LONG which is had Norton program.
0	day one, had hangups, crashes, glitches, continual reboots, LONG shutdowns due to "ccApp.exe" running which a Norton program.
1	value : comparing data storage with price . 
1	value : comparing data storage price . 
1	compare value : comparing data storage with price . 
1	Everything that I have listed above, the Zen has, and more. 
1	Everything that I and listed above, the Zen has, have more. 
1	Everything that I have listed above, the Zen has, More and more. 
0	The tech support is worthless too.     
0	The tech reinforcement is worthless too.     
0	The tech support is worthless.     
0	what the g3 raw image software gives you is a fantasy world designed to please the uncritical . 
0	what the g3 raw image software gives you is delight a fantasy axerophthol world designed to please the uncritical . 
0	what the g3 raw visualise software generate you is a fantasy universe designed to please the uncritical . 
1	We keep the Diaper Champ in our daughter's nursery and her room definitely does NOT smell like dirty diapers.
1	We keep the Diaper Champ in our daughter's greenhouse and her room decidedly does NOT olfaction like dirty diapers.
1	We keep the Diaper Champ like our daughter's nursery and dirty room definitely does NOT smell in her diapers.
0	I have noticed an odor (one the I expected!) when unloading the Diaper Champ but at least you don't smell anything every time you use it.
0	I have an noticed odor (one the Champ expected!) when unloading the at I but Diaper least you don't smell anything every time you use it.
0	I have noticed an odor (one anticipate the I expected!) when unloading the Diaper Champ but at least you merely don't smell anything every time IT you use it.
1	It was a very quick setup and installation, in fact the disc that it comes with pretty much makes sure you cant mess it up. 
1	It a very quick setup installation, in fact the it comes with pretty much makes sure cant mess it up. 
1	It was a and quick very setup installation, sure fact the disc that it comes with pretty much makes in you cant mess it up. 
0	this has happened with several different dvd 's and occasionally if we keep trying something , it will work when it did not work one time before . 
0	this has find with several different DVD 's and occasionally if we continue trying something , it will turn when it did not make one time before . 
0	this has happened with several different dvd 'meter s and beat occasionally if we keep trying something , it will time work when it did not work one time before . 
0	 Range was comparable to , or possibly slightly worse than the old Linksys router I had been using for years .
0	 Range was peradventure comparable to , or order possibly slightly worse than the old Linksys router I had been using for years .
0	 Range was comparable to , or possibly slightly for than the old Linksys router I had using been worse years .
1	the software is quick & easy to use & i found the entire process very easily mastered . 
1	the software is quick & easy to use & i found the entire ready process very easily follow mastered . 
1	the software is the & easy to use & quick found i entire process very easily mastered . 
1	the included earpiece is very comfortable and easy to use . 
1	the use earpiece is very comfortable and easy to included . 
1	the included earpiece is very comfortable and easy easily to use . 
1	 Without a doubt I would say that these speakers have the same sound quality as the jbl on stage , and are truly portable -LRB- can be played without a power outlet , I love that feature -RRB- .
1	 Without a dubiousness I would say that these speakers have the same well-grounded quality as the jbl on phase , and are genuinely portable -LRB- can be flirt without a index outlet , I bed that feature -RRB- .
1	 doubt I would say that speakers have same quality as the jbl on stage , and are truly portable -LRB- be played a power outlet , I love that feature -RRB- .
1	 So far the router has worked well .
1	 So far the router therefore has worked well .
1	 So far the router has lick well .
0	one downside : as of this writing , t-mobile has n't updated their t-zone system to fully support the 6610 . 
0	downside : as of this writing , t-mobile n't updated their t-zone system to fully support the . 
0	one downside : their updated this writing , t-mobile has n't of as t-zone system to fully support the 6610 . 
1	 The contrast , crispness , and readability from even the most extreme viewing angles ca n't be beat .
1	 The , , and readability from even the most viewing angles ca n't be beat .
1	 The contrast , crispness , and readability from tied the most extreme viewing tip ca n't be dead .
1	 I have found this little device to be quite fun to use .
1	 I have found little device to quite fun to use .
1	 I have found this little device manipulation to be quite fun to use .
1	another plus in my book , no file limits ! 
1	another plus in Koran my book , no file limits ! 
1	another plus in my book , no file restrain ! 
1	i 'm easily enlarging pictures to 8 1/2 x 11 with no visable loss in picture quality and not even using the best possible setting as yet ( super fine ) . 
1	adenine i 'm easily enlarging pictures Adam to 8 mulct 1/2 x 11 with no visable loss in picture quality and not even using the best possible setting as yet ( super fine ) . 
1	i 'm easily enlarging pictures to octad 1/2 x 11 with no visable passing in picture choice and not even apply the best possible plant as notwithstanding ( super fine ) . 
0	the OS is abit confusing at 1st, but within a few days you will pass this learning curve!
0	the osmium is abit discombobulate at 1st, but within a few days you will pass this hear curve!
0	the OS is abit confusing at 1st, but within a few days you will astatine pass this learning Os curve!
1	If you are looking for an upgrade, this is definitely the phone for you.
1	If you are looking for an elevate, this is definitely the earpiece for you.
1	If you are looking for an upgrade, this definitely the phone you.
0	for example , i tried playing my new " pirates of the carribean " extra features dvd , but this dvd player can not read it . 
0	for example , i adjudicate playacting my young " pirates of the carribean " extra features dvd , but this dvd player can not take it . 
0	for example , i tried playing my new " pirates can the this " extra features dvd , but carribean dvd player of not read it . 
0	I tried it again this morning and it said I didn't have the required "permissions" and lacked proper administrator status.
0	I prove it again this morning and it aforementioned I didn't have the required "permissions" and miss proper administrator position.
0	I tried it again render this morning and it said I didn't have throw the required "permissions" and lacked proper administrator status.
0	my biggest complaint is the battery life or lack there of . 
0	life biggest complaint is the battery my or lack there of . 
0	biggest complaint is the battery or lack there of . 
0	this makes no sense and sort of defeats the purpose of audio bookmarks .. . 
0	this no sense and sort of defeats the purpose audio bookmarks .. . 
0	audio makes no sense and sort of defeats the purpose of this bookmarks .. . 
0	 WITHOUT having to go through the netgear genie tool through the ISP and taking all the extra steps would be far better .
0	 WITHOUT having to go through the netgear altogether genie tool through the ISP and taking all the extra steps would be X far better .
0	 WITHOUT having to go genie tool through the ISP taking all the extra steps would be far better .
0	 I am so tired of Netgear 's product quality & customer service that I would NEVER recommend netgear products to anyone I know .
0	 I am so tired of Netgear 's product quality & service customer products I would NEVER recommend netgear that to anyone I know .
0	 I am so timeworn of Netgear 's production quality & customer service that 1 would NEVER recommend netgear products to anyone iodine know .
1	Awesome for the newbie, though I personally like to fasten every bolt myself.  
1	to for the newbie, though I personally like Awesome fasten every bolt myself.  
1	Awesome for the, though I personally to fasten every bolt myself.  
0	It feels like I'm back to the days of 56k dial-up internet service, even though I'm running a Dell 2GHz Pentium 4 with 256MB memory and have had excellent broadband service for the past year.
0	It I'm back to the of 56k dial-up internet service, even though I'm running a Dell Pentium 4 with 256MB have excellent broadband service for the past year.
0	It and I'm like 4 to the days of 56k dial-up internet service, even though 2GHz running a Dell I'm Pentium back with 256MB memory feels have had excellent broadband service for the past year.
1	Moreover, apart from the plastic cable cover, the camera has a nice, solid feel about it, and it's so tiny, I take it with me wherever I go. 
1	Moreover, from the plastic cable cover, camera has a nice, solid feel about it, it's so, I it with me wherever I go. 
1	Moreover, apart from the plastic cable cover, the Maine camera has a nice, solid feel about overnice it, and it's so tiny, I take it with fictile me wherever I go. 
1	Each battery lasts about 10-11 hours. 
1	Each battery lasts about hours. 
1	last Each battery lasts about 10-11 hours. 
1	We lysol the champ every time we change the bag out and have not had any problems.
1	We lysol the chomp every time we vary the suitcase out and have not had any problems.
1	lysol the champ time we change the bag out and have not had any.
1	this camera is perfect for an enthusiastic amateur photographer . 
1	this camera is perfect for an enthusiastic recreational photographer . 
1	is camera this perfect for an enthusiastic amateur photographer . 
1	the 4300 is a very durable , compact package , and i find nikon to be a brand that i can trust . 
1	the 4300 is a very undestroyable , stocky bundle , and i find nikon to be a trademark that i can trust . 
1	4300 is very durable , compact package , and i find nikon to be brand i can trust . 
1	The voice recorders good, but you can't record songs off the radio for ring tones.
1	The voice good, but you can't record off the for ring tones.
1	you voice recorders good, but off can't record songs The the radio for ring tones.
1	Other than that, i think it is the best router for the money.
1	Other than that, i think it is the best router for the IT money.
1	former than that, i think it is the outdo router for the money.
1	lastly , the price is fantastic : 
1	lastly , is price the fantastic : 
1	lastly , price is fantastic : 
0	 I am having the same problem with the router dropping connection every few minutes .
0	 am having the same problem with the router dropping connection every minutes .
0	 I am having the same problem with bit the router dropping connection every few minutes .
0	 They said the product was defective and said they would send a new one .
0	 They angstrom said the product was defective and said they would send a new one .
0	 They said the product was defective and said they would institutionalise a novel one .
0	 The interface took a little getting used to.
0	 The interface took a fiddling getting used to.
0	 The a took interface little getting used to.
1	 These speakers have great sound but they will buzz if you leave them on with the sound turned up .
1	 These you have great sound but they will buzz sound speakers leave them on with the if turned up .
1	 These speakers have great profound but they will buzz if you exit them on with the sound bend up .
1	Works pretty well. 
1	solve pretty well. 
1	Works pretty works well. 
0	It barely holds anything and mine just puts a bunch of thread fuzzies all over the player, because the bag is cheap and seems to be coming apart.  
0	It scarce holds anything and mine just puts a bunch of thread fuzzies all over the thespian, because the bag is cheap and look to be follow asunder.  
0	It barely holds anything and mine just puts a of thread fuzzies all over the player, because is cheap seems be coming apart.  
1	The 6600 (T-Mobile) is the true 'world phone' in that it has the mhz to operate around the globe, including New Zealand and Australia (900) whereas the  6620 (available from Cingular) replaces it w/ 800mhz (some refer to as 850).
1	The 6600 (T-Mobile) is the true 'and phone' in some it has the mhz to the around the globe, including New Zealand world Australia (900) whereas operate  6620 (available from Cingular) replaces 800mhz w/ it (that refer to as 850).
1	The 6600 (T-Mobile) is the 'world phone' in that it mhz to operate around the globe, including New Zealand and Australia (900) whereas  (available from) replaces it w/ 800mhz ( refer as 850).
1	they made the other end of the camera flat so you can put the camera upright on a flat surface if you don't like to take the usual horizontal pictures using the self-timer.
1	they you the other end of the camera on horizontal you can put the camera upright flat a flat surface if made don't like to take the usual so pictures using the self-timer.
1	they made the end of camera flat so can put the upright on a surface if don't like to take the usual horizontal pictures using the self-timer.
1	 Highly recommend getting the Superdrive and the WiFi\/Bluetooth modules .
1	 Highly recommend getting let the Superdrive and the WiFi\/Bluetooth modules .
1	 Highly recommend getting the Superdrive Bluetooth the WiFi\/and modules .
0	Who wants to pay $30 to discuss a defect in a product that just cost $95? (I also bought the back-up CD).
0	Who wants to give $xxx to discuss a desert in a product that just cost $95? (I also bought the back-up Cd).
0	Who defect to pay $30 to discuss a wants in a product that back-up cost $95? (I also bought the just CD).
1	this thing plays everything i feed it . 
1	this everything plays thing i feed it . 
1	this thing plays single everything i feed it . 
0	 -LRB- yeah , like you 'll use a new , very expensive dsl modem as dumb bridge -RRB- I returned the Item and got a linksys dsl modem instead .
0	 -LRB- yeah , yea like you 'll use a new , very expensive dsl modem as dumb bridge -DSL RRB- I returned the Item and dense got a linksys dsl modem instead .
0	 -LRB- yeah , like you 'll use a modem , very expensive dsl new got dumb RRB- -bridge I returned the Item and as a linksys dsl modem instead .
1	apex is the best cheap quality brand for dvd players . 
1	apex is dvd best cheap quality brand for the players . 
1	apex is the best cheap quality brand for dvd caliber players . 
0	It has the odd side effect of the buttons only partially working? 
0	It has the odd side effect of the buttons only impression partially working? 
0	It has the odd side of effect the buttons only partially working? 
0	  And if you're a Mac user like me, they've naturally made sure you have no viable alternative.  
0	  And if you're a Mac user comparable me, they've naturally stimulate sure you have no practicable alternative.  
0	  And if birth you're a Mac user like me, they've naturally made certainly sure you have no viable alternative.  
0	The other pail I used started to smell after 2 weeks of use.
0	The other pail I utilise started to smell after 2 weeks of manipulation.
0	The other pail I startle used started to smell after 2 weeks of use.
1	This product is by far the best Broadband Router on the market, I bought this to replace one of those Linksys Instant Wireless B routers, worked great for about a year. 
1	This Router is by far the I Broadband product on the worked, best bought this to replace one of those Linksys Instant Wireless B routers, market great for about a year. 
1	This product is by FAR far the best Broadband Router instantaneous on the market, I bought this to replace unity one of those Linksys Instant Wireless B routers, worked great for about a year. 
1	 This router works fine and I am able to stream video in all rooms of the house at the same time .
1	 This router works fine and same am able to stream video in all rooms house the of at the I time .
1	 This router solve mulct and iodin am able to pelt video in all rooms of the house at the same time .
0	also , the lens cap design is flawed . 
0	also , detonator the lens cap design is flawed . 
0	also , the lens cap design flawed . 
1	in all fairness , customer reps are very nice , and they ( most of them ) try hard to answer your questions . 
1	in all questions , customer reps are very nice , and they ( most your them ) try hard to answer of fairness . 
1	in all fairness , customer reps are very prissy , and they ( most of them ) judge hard to answer your dubiousness . 
1	I, as many others, have waited for many years for the convergence of price, features, size and ease of use to hit that happy center point.
1	i, as many others, have await for many years for the convergence of price, features, size and ease of utilise to hit that happy inwardness charge.
1	I, as many to, have waited of many years for the convergence for happy, features, size and ease of use others hit that price center point.
1	this is a good deal for music and data storage . 
1	this for a good deal is music and data storage . 
1	this is a expert dispense for music and data storage . 
1	the scroll wheel is better than the ipod 's as well , in that you do n't risk giving yourself a cramp running your thumb around in circles endlessly - just a small nudge of the finger and you 're there . 
1	the scroll wheel better is than the that 's as well , in ipod you do n't risk giving your a cramp there yourself thumb around in circles endlessly - just a small nudge of the finger and you 're running . 
1	the scroll is the ipod 's as well , in that you do n't giving yourself a cramp running thumb around circles endlessly - just a small of the finger and you 're there . 
1	i really do recommend this to anyone in need of a new player . 
1	i very do recommend this to anyone in need of a Modern player . 
1	i really recommend do this to anyone in need of a new player . 
1	The controls are easy to understand and big enough that they are easy to see and use.
1	The controls are to understand enough that they are easy to see and use.
1	meet The controls are easy to understand and big enough that they are easy to bighearted see and use.
1	On top of being a workhorse and ultra reliable, it is just a plunge router that works really well.
1	on top of being a workhorse and ultra authentic, it is just a plunge router that employment really well.
1	On top of being well workhorse and plunge reliable, it is just a ultra router that works really a.
1	all and all , i am extremely pleased with this camera . 
1	all and all , i am highly delight with this camera . 
1	all and all , i am extremely this with pleased camera . 
1	  Apple has definately fulfilled its reputation in making quality equipment, and surprisingly wasn't as expensive as its reputation normally holds.  
1	  Apple has definately fulfilled report its reputation in making quality equipment, and surprisingly wasn't as expensive handgrip as its reputation normally holds.  
1	  Apple has definately fulfilled its reputation in puddle select equipment, and surprisingly wasn't as expensive as its repute normally concur.  
0	There is not a word about satellite issues in either the user guide or the "knowledge" database at linksys.com, and first tech support person I spoke with kept me on the phone for an hour, then gave me a web site address to consult--that turned out to be the one I'd already found during a search of my own.  
0	There is not a word about satellite issues in either the user guide or the "knowledge" database at linksys.com, and earphone first tech support call person I spoke nigh with kept me on headphone the phone for an hour, then gave AN me a web site address to consult--that turned out to be the one I'd already found during IN a search of my own.  
0	There is not a word about satellite issues in either the user guide or the "knowledge" database to linksys.com, and I'd tech support my gave spoke with kept me on the to out an hour, then I me a web site address at consult--that turned for phone be the one first already found during a search of person own.  
0	STYLING/ERGONOMICS: The keys are small, which generally doesn't bother me if they are spaced because I can employ a little 'Braille,' but the keys run into each other, so careful attn. must be paid when dialing.
0	STYLING/ERGONOMICS: The keys are small, which generally doesn't bother me if they are spaced the attn can employ a little 'Braille,' but because keys run into each dialing, so careful be. must I paid when other.
0	STYLING/ERGONOMICS: The paint are modest, which generally doesn't annoy me if they are spaced because I can employ a short 'Braille,' but the distinguish bleed into each other, so careful attn. must be paid when dial.
1	getting files onto it is quick and painless . 
1	getting files IT onto it is quick and painless . 
1	getting painless onto it is quick and files . 
1	Take quick pictures with excelent resolution
1	Take quick pictures with characterisation excelent resolution
1	Take quick pictures with resolution excelent
0	I've often struggled to get something to work the way I want it, and hate to have to carry the manual with me all the time!
0	I've often struggled to style get something wholly to work the way I want it, and process hate to have to carry the manual with me all the time!
0	I've struggled get to work the way I want it, and hate have to carry the manual with me the time!
1	Smooth plunging! ( it did stick a bit so I sprayed it w/ lubricant.
1	Smooth plunging! ( it did vex a bit so I sprayed it tungsten/ lubricant.
1	Smooth plunging! ( it exercise did stick a bit so I sprayed it w/ lubricant.
0	- Not compatible with Audible.com books.  
0	- Not compatible with Audible.com reserve.  
0	- Not compatible with Audible.com hearable books.  
1	I love how small the thing is, and the blue glow - I've had it for two weeks with no electronic problems at all.  
1	I've love how small had thing is, and the blue glow - I the it for two weeks with no electronic problems at all.  
1	I love how small the completely thing is, and the blue glow - I've had affair it for two weeks with no electronic problems at all.  
1	there are instructions to encrypt your personal wirless network so no one else can end up hogging/stealing your bandwidth. 
1	there instructions are to encrypt your personal wirless network so no one your can end up hogging/stealing else bandwidth. 
1	there are pedagogy to encrypt your personal wirless network so no single else can last up hogging/slip your bandwidth. 
1	By no means do you have to be a tech junkie to be able to install it, just be able to put a CD in the computer and it tells you what to do. 
1	by no signify do you have to be a tech nut to be able to install it, just be able to invest a cd in the computer and it distinguish you what to do. 
1	By suffice no agency means do you have to be a tech junkie to be able axerophthol to install it, just be able to put a CD in the computer and it tells you what to do. 
0	 The range of response seems a little limited to me -LRB- changing the EQ setting on the iPod produces a definite change in the sound , but I would expect a little more richness in the changes -RRB- .
0	 The range of just response seems a little limited to A me -LRB- changing the EQ ace setting on the iPod produces a definite change in drift the sound , but I would expect a little more richness in the changes -RRB- .
0	 The range of response seems a piddling confine to me -LRB- shift the EQ setting on the iPod get a definite transfer in the sound , but I would expect a fiddling more richness in the shift -RRB- .
0	The installation software CD crashed repeatedly. 
0	The installation software candela crashed repeatedly. 
0	The installation software crashed repeatedly. 
0	* main dial is not backlit . 
0	* main dial is not non backlit . 
0	* main is not backlit . 
1	The quality is significant and you'll be very happy from saving time and the headache.      
1	The quality is substantial and you'll be very happy from economise time and the worry.      
1	The quality is significant cost and you'll be very happy from saving calibre time and the headache.      
1	 - Input and headphone on right jack is super handy .
1	 - Input and headphone on right jack is handy .
1	 - Input personify and headphone on right jack is super handy .
1	I am happy with the fact that I can use any bag in there and dont' have to pay out the nose for replacements.
1	I am happy with the fact that I can wind use any bag in there and dont' have to pay out the nose for whatever replacements.
1	I am happy with the fact that I can employment any udder in there and dont' have to compensate out the nose for successor.
1	 The Acer Monitor has an extremely bright screen and its design allows the placement in an area -LRB- from a heighth perspective -RRB- that many 20 '' screens will not fit in .
1	 The Acer Monitor has an extremely screen and its design allows placement in area -LRB- from a heighth perspective -RRB- that many 20 '' fit in .
1	 The Acer varan has an extremely shining screen and its purpose allows the emplacement in an orbit -LRB- from a heighth perspective -RRB- that many 20 '' screens will not burst in .
0	there is no way the battery supplied lasts 14 hours ! 
0	there is hour no way the battery supplied lasts 14 hours ! 
0	there is no way the battery supplied finish 14 hr ! 
0	 Last night I needed to reset the router .
0	 Last night iodin needed to reset the router .
0	 Last night I needed to reset router .
0	 The incoming call volume is incredibly low and it is often difficult to hear my customers -LRB- it was so bad I had my hearing tested because I thought something was wrong with me .
0	 The incoming call volume is incredibly low and it is often difficult to ace hear my customers -LRB- it was so bad I be had my hearing tested because I thought live something was wrong with me .
0	 incoming volume incredibly low and it often difficult to my customers -LRB- it was so bad had my hearing tested because I thought something was wrong with me .
0	unit worked great for 3 weeks then video output failed . 
0	unit great for weeks then video output failed . 
0	unit sour big for 3 weeks then video output failed . 
1	 They sound wonderful , in my opinion , and I have n't even touched any equalizers .
1	 They sound wonderful , my , and I have n't even touched any equalizers .
1	 They sound wonderful , my in opinion , and I have n't even touched any equalizers .
0	3 . the pictures come out hazy if your hands shake even for a moment during the entire process of taking a picture . 
0	3 . the pictures come out hazy if entire hands shake even for a process during the your moment of taking a picture . 
0	3 . the pictures come out handshaking hazy if your hands shake characterization even for a moment during the entire process of taking a picture . 
1	huge storage space - even at 320kbs , you can store a ton of songs on this thing . 
1	Brobdingnagian storage space - tied at 320kbs , you can store a ton of song on this thing . 
1	thing storage space - even at ton , you can store a 320kbs of songs on this huge . 
1	 The device is small and well designed ... I would recomment it highly
1	 The device is small and well designed ... I would recomment unity it highly
1	 The device is small and intimately designed ... 1 would recomment it highly
1	 The clarity and contrast are exactly what I was looking for in a monitor , and spec for spec , it is a bargain compared to other brands .
1	 The clarity and contrast are specification exactly what I was looking for in a deal monitor , and spec for spec , it iodin is a bargain compared to other brands .
1	 The and are exactly I was looking for in a monitor , and spec for spec , a bargain compared to other brands .
0	 The stand is by far the most inferior aspect of this monitor .
0	 The stand panorama is by far the most inferior aspect of this monitor .
0	 The stand is by far the most monitor aspect of this inferior .
1	anywhere i went in south africa this phone received full bar reception . 
1	anywhere i went in south africa full phone received this bar reception . 
1	anywhere i went in south africa this call phone received full bar reception . 
1	Overall, the Micro is a solid device and I haven't fell into a problem with it yet *knocks on wood*. 
1	Overall, the Micro is a solidness device and iodin haven't precipitate into a problem with it yet *roast on wood*. 
1	, the Micro a solid device and I haven't fell into a problem with yet *knocks on. 
0	I have noted that as you use the tool, sawdust builds in the channel and it requires attention.
0	I have noted that as you requires the it, sawdust builds in the channel and tool use attention.
0	care I have noted that as you use the tool, sawdust builds in the channel and it requires amp attention.
1	 I highly recommend this device !
1	 extremely I highly recommend this device !
1	 highly recommend this device !
0	 Or maybe Netgear so screwed up the firmware for this device that it does n't know what to do .
0	 Or perhaps Netgear so bang up the firmware for this gimmick that it does n't know what to do .
0	 Or maybe Netgear so up the for this device that it does n't what to do .
1	zennx 's replaceable battery was the deciding factor in my purchase of zennx over ipod . 
1	zennx 's purchase battery was the deciding factor in my replaceable of over zennx ipod . 
1	zennx 's replaceable battery the in my purchase of zennx over ipod . 
0	If it weren't so big I would probably by another since no shop is complete without a handful of routers..
0	it weren't so big I would probably another since no shop complete without a handful routers..
0	If it weren't so bad single would probably by another since no denounce is complete without a smattering of routers..
1	 This speaker mount is suitable for small speaker .
1	 This speaker ride is suitable for small speaker .
1	 This speaker mount for suitable is small speaker .
1	the camera was a marvel . 
1	the camera was a . 
1	the camera was wonder a marvel . 
0	2- It is bulky and the small buttons on the sides are sloppy to use .
0	2- It is bulky and the diminished buttons on the sides are slipshod to enjoyment .
0	It is bulky and the small buttons on sides are sloppy to .
1	The interface is simple to use.
1	manipulation The interface is simple to use.
1	The interface is to simple use.
0	just too numerous to list: FM radio, which has weak reception, but at least it there, and a microphone, to name just two. 
0	weak too numerous list to: FM radio, which has just reception, but at least it there, and a microphone, to name just two. 
0	just too numerous to list: FM radio, receipt which has weak reception, but at least it there, and a microphone, to name thither just two. 
0	Diapers can get stuck when turned around if you don't tightly wrap them first. 
0	Diapers can stuck get when turned around if you don't tightly wrap them first. 
0	enfold Diapers can get stuck when turned around if you don't tightly wrap them first. 
1	 Easy to use with clear instructions contained in the install drive .
1	 Easy to use with clear-cut instructions hold in the install drive .
1	 Easy to use with in instructions contained clear the install drive .
1	Their products have been great and have saved my bacon on numerous occasions.
1	Their products have follow been great and have saved my bacon on numerous occasions.
1	Their products have great have saved my bacon on numerous occasions.
0	have tried to contact apex via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the e-mail address is not valid . 
0	have tried to contact apex via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.consume com ) , simply but the e-mail address is not valid . 
0	have tried to contact apex via com ( customerservice@apexdigital.e-mail ) , but the e-mail is address not valid . 
0	 The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is because the speakers on the monitor are a little weak , but that 's really to be expected is n't it ...
0	 The only reason I did n't make it fivesome stars is because the speakers on the supervise are a picayune frail , but that 's really to be expect is n't it ...
0	 The only reason I did n't 5 it give stars is on the speakers because the monitor are a little weak , to that 's really but be expected is n't it ...
0	i tried to play the song three times , with no success . 
0	tried to play song three times , with no success . 
0	i tried to swordplay the song three meter , with no success . 
0	Like most of their solutions (which first blame other applications for errors), the tech persons line was that this was probably a Microsoft error - it was NOT.
0	Like most of their solutions (which get-go fault other applications for errors), the tech persons crease was that this was belike a Microsoft fault - it was NOT.
0	Like most of their solutions (which first blame other applications IT for errors), former the tech persons line was that this was probably likely a Microsoft error - it was NOT.
0	 Doesn't have alot of good games on it.
0	 Doesn't have of good games on it.
0	 Doesn't have good of alot games on it.
1	If you don't mind all the buttons being touch sensitive, I'd recomment buying it to try out, and also buy an extra 2 year warrenty for it (there are some offered here, for about $15 dollors I think).  
1	If you don't mind buttons touch sensitive, I'd recomment buying it to try out, and buy an extra 2 for it (there are some here, for about $15 dollors I think).  
1	If you don't mind all the buttons being disturb raw, I'd recomment buying it to stress out, and also buy an special 2 year warrenty for it (there are some proffer here, for about $XV dollors I intend).  
0	it also has a stock tracking app built in ( also useless ) and a somewhat useful application which converts all types of metrics ( currency , length , area , etc ) . 
0	it likewise has a standard dog app built in ( also useless ) and a fairly utilitarian application which converts all types of metrics ( currency , length , area , etc ) . 
0	it also has a stock tracking app expanse built sphere in ( also useless ) and a somewhat useful application which converts amp all types of metrics ( currency , length , area , etc ) . 
0	third , the poor design continues with the case . 
0	third , the poor design continues with the example case . 
0	third , the poor excogitation continues with the case . 
1	 With the smooth knob I find it hard to judge if I am actually gripping it and turning it by feel alone .
1	 With the smooth knob I find it hard if I am actually it and turning it by alone .
1	 With the smooth knob I get it hard to evaluate if I am actually gripping it and bend it by smell alone .
1	with a quick spin of the dial you can select shutter priority ( for high speed subjects ) , aperture priority ( for focal length ) or full program mode where the camera selects both for ideal photo quality . 
1	with a quick spin antecedency of prize the dial you can select shutter priority ( for high speed subjects ) , aperture priority ( duration for focal length ) or full program mode where the camera selects both for ideal photo quality . 
1	with spin program a of the dial you can select shutter aperture ( for high speed subjects ) , priority priority ( for focal length ) or full quick mode where the camera selects both for ideal photo quality . 
1	The software with the iPod includes iTunes, which allows you to play the music on your computer, rip CDs onto your computer, and move your music from the computer to the iPod. 
1	The move with the the includes iTunes, which allows you to play the music on your computer, rip the onto your computer, and software your music from CDs computer to iPod iPod. 
1	The with the iPod includes, which you to play the music your computer, rip CDs onto your computer, and move your music from the computer the. 
0	difficult navigation - i wo n't necessarily say " difficult , " but i do n't enjoy the scrollwheel to navigate . 
0	navigation - i wo n't necessarily " difficult , " but do n't enjoy the scrollwheel to navigate . 
0	difficult navigation - i wo n't necessarily say " relish difficult , " but i do n't enjoy the scrollwheel revel to navigate . 
0	who knows how many uses you 'll get out of it before it craps out , but it probably will . 
0	who recognize how many habituate you 'll stupefy out of it before it craps out , but it probably will . 
0	who knows how many uses you 'll get out of before it it will out , but it probably craps . 
1	It can not be the computer or the owner, since I purchased McAfee Anti-Virus 8 and it installs and works fine with no problems.
1	It can not be the computer or the owner, since 1 purchased McAfee Anti-Virus octet and it installs and exercise amercement with no problems.
1	It can not be the computer or the 8, since works purchased McAfee Anti-Virus owner and it installs and I fine with no problems.
1	This router acts as a wireless access point, 100 MB switch and a router making it a nice multipurpose device.  
1	This router acts as a radio access aim, 100 MB trade and a router draw it a nice multipurpose device.  
1	This router acts as a wireless access point, 100 MB switch and A a axerophthol router making it a nice multipurpose device.  
0	the door would not close . 
0	the would door not close . 
0	the door would not tightlipped . 
0	However, it needs to be quite quiet for it to work at all -- dosn't work at all in the car, for example.
0	However, it IT needs to be quite quiet for it to work at all -- dosn't work at all in the car, IT for example.
0	nonetheless, it inevitably to be quite quiet for it to ferment at all -- dosn't form at all in the car, for example.
1	the powershot g3 is a great camera . 
1	the g3 is a great camera . 
1	the powershot g3 is a heavy camera . 
0	The Achilles heel of this router is its inability to stream music, or copy large files over the local network.  
0	The Achilles heel of this router is its inability to stream music, large over the network.  
0	The Achilles heel this of router local its inability to stream music, or copy large files over the is network.  
1	it has a nice color screen . 
1	it has a nice color blind . 
1	it has nice color screen . 
1	Creative did well on its rechargeable battery feature. .
1	Creative did well on its make rechargeable battery feature. .
1	did Creative well on its rechargeable battery feature. .
0	and supply those stupid white Headphones. 
0	and those stupid white Headphones. 
0	and furnish those stupid white Headphones. 
0	 The speakers are very small and can not handle loud volume gracefully as voice coils top and bottom out , they clip the audio .
0	 The speakers are very low and can not handgrip loud volume gracefully as spokesperson coils top and rump out , they clip the audio .
0	 The speakers are very small and can not handle loud volume top as voice coils gracefully bottom and out , they clip the audio .
1	I just replaced my old Linksys router with this one, turned everything on in the right order, and it was up and running with no problems.  
1	i just replaced my old Linksys router with this nonpareil, turn everything on in the compensate fiat, and it was up and running with no problems.  
1	I just replaced problems old Linksys router was this one, up everything on in the right order, and it with turned and running with no my.  
1	the software has n't been a hassle for me at all . 
1	the package has n't been a harry for me at all . 
1	software the has n't been a hassle for me at all . 
1	 It is smaller than I expected when I ordered it , but as it turns out , so much the better .
1	 It is smaller than I expected thus when I ordered it , but follow as it turns out , so much the better .
1	 It is ordered than I expected when I smaller it , but as it turns out , better much the so .
0	I hope you have a magnifying glass, because the number displayed as well as most of the pop up options are tiny.
0	I hope you have a magnifying, because the number displayed as well most of pop options are tiny.
0	I desire you have a amplify glass, because the issue displayed as well as most of the popular up options are tiny.
1	The bass is deep and the treble is clear.
1	The bass is deep is the treble and clear.
1	The bass is deep and the treble is elucidate.
1	so far the software for the pc works easily . 
1	far the software for the pc works easily . 
1	so far the the for software pc works easily . 
1	i am very pleased with its quality and durability . 
1	i its very pleased with am quality and durability . 
1	i strength am very pleased with its quality and durability . 
1	the macro works great for medical photographs and the auto mode is terrific for point and shoot . 
1	the macro works great for medical photographs and the exploit auto mode is terrific for point work and shoot . 
1	the macro great for medical photographs and auto mode is terrific for point shoot . 
0	the interface used could be better designed . 
0	the interface used could be honorable designed . 
0	the interface used could better be designed . 
0	 LOOKS AND DURABILITY: I realize many people are fond of the minimalist white interface.  
0	 LOOKS AND DURABILITY: I realize many people are affectionate of the minimalist lily-white interface.  
0	 LOOKS AND: I realize many people are of the minimalist white interface.  
1	I actually purchased two phones recently (this one at the new Blackberry phone), and this one is far superior (IMHO).
1	I astatine actually purchased two phones recently (this one at the new Blackberry phone), and earpiece this one is far superior (IMHO).
1	ace actually purchased two phones lately (this unity at the new Blackberry phone), and this i is far superior (IMHO).
1	The plunge lock and power switch are very easily accessible which is a must when doing free hand routing.
1	The lock and power switch very easily accessible which a must when doing free hand routing.
1	which plunge lock and power switch are hand easily accessible The is a must when doing free very routing.
1	1.The Phone has the best keypad any Nokia phone has to offer.
1	1.The Phone has the best keypad upright any Nokia phone has to offer.
1	one.The Phone has the just keypad any Nokia phone has to offer.
1	It'll make life a lot easier, and preclude you from having to give this product a negative review.  
1	It'll make life a lot easier, and preclude you recap from having to give aliveness this product a negative review.  
1	It'll make life a, and preclude you from having to give this product a review.  
1	i did n't read a thing about how to operate it -- it was just intuitive . 
1	i did n't learn a affair about how to engage it -- it was just intuitive . 
1	i did n't read visceral a thing about how to unity operate it -- it was just intuitive . 
0	the headphones are not very comfortable, but most people have a certain style they like so just go buy new ones or keep the ones you have.  
0	the headphones are not very comfortable, but most people have a certain manner they like so just tour corrupt raw ones or save the ones you have.  
0	ace the headphones are not very comfortable, but most people have a certain style they like so just near go buy new ones or keep the ones masses you have.  
1	Having the Digic II chip helps a lot. 
1	Having the Digic ii chip helps a lot. 
1	Having the II chip helps a lot. 
1	 They are very sturdy , and have no trouble balance wise , or handling oddly shaped speakers .
1	 They are very uncompromising , and have no trouble balance smart , or handling peculiarly shaped speakers .
1	 They are very ingest sturdy , inconvenience and have no trouble balance wise , or handling oddly shaped speakers .
1	This may be a really cool phone, but it's not worth it with T-Mobile.
1	This may be a truly cool headphone, but it's not worth it with T-Mobile.
1	This may be a really cool phone, but it's not worth it with equal T-Mobile.
1	t simply the best player on the market for a really low price, so why look anywhere else?      
1	t simply the near musician on the market for a really miserable price, so why look anywhere else?      
1	simply the best player on the market for really low price, so why look else?      
1	there are so many functions in this little , yet powerful camera ! 
1	there are IN so many functions in this little , yet powerful camera ! 
1	there many functions in this little , yet powerful camera ! 
0	focusing on a display rack about 20 feet away in a brightly lit room during day time , pictures produced by this camera were blurry and in a shade of orange . 
0	focalise on a display squeeze about twenty feet away in a brightly alight room during day time , scene develop by this camera were blurry and in a shade of orange . 
0	focusing on a display rack about 20 feet away in torture a adenine brightly lit room during day time , pictures produced by this hazy camera were blurry and in a shade of orange . 
1	I bought this camera two days ago, and I'm very pleased to say that it has been worth the money. 
1	I bought this camera two days agone ago, and I'm IT very pleased to say that it has been worth the money. 
1	iodine bought this camera two day ago, and I'm very pleased to state that it has been deserving the money. 
1	downloads are a snap and quick . 
1	downloads are a breeze and quick . 
1	downloads are a constitute snap and quick . 
0	 For my work this panel is unusable .
0	 For my unusable this panel is work .
0	 For my workplace this panel is unusable .
0	DOWNSIDE: It takes a long time to start up.
0	DOWNSIDE: It bring a long time to start up.
0	DOWNSIDE: It takes a long time to up.
1	However since this Router is backward compatible, that doesn't pose a problem at all.  
1	However since this Router backward compatible, that doesn't pose a problem all.  
1	However since this Router is backward compatible, doesn't that pose a problem at all.  
0	only one disk played through to completion successfully . 
0	only unitary disk played through to completion successfully . 
0	only one disk played through to successfully . 
1	Great product, easy to use, economical, effective, absolutly fabulous.
1	Great product, easy use, economical, effective, absolutly fabulous.
1	effective product, easy to use, economical, Great, absolutly fabulous.
1	 It works great for this purpose .
1	 It works slap-up for this purpose .
1	 It works great this purpose .
1	 The highs and lows sound great and personally I think the bass is at a perfect level -LRB- at 50 % -RRB- , definitely not boomy .
1	 The highs and personally sound great the lows I think and bass is at a perfect level -LRB- at 50 % -RRB- , definitely not boomy .
1	 The highs lows sound great and personally I think bass at a perfect level -LRB- at 50 % -RRB- , not boomy .
1	 When I then moved the wire to the desktop and used the laptop wirelessly , the internet connection was just fine .
1	 When I desktop moved the wire internet the then and used the laptop wirelessly , the to connection was just fine .
1	 When I then moved the wire to the desktop and used the laptop wirelessly , the internet connection personify was just victimized fine .
1	the screen 's large and easily read . 
1	the screen 's large and easily . 
1	the screen 'translate s large and easily read . 
1	 Color and contrast are perfect for my needs .
1	 colourise and contrast are perfect for my needs .
1	 Color and contrast are for perfect my needs .
1	its fast-forward and rewind work much more smoothly and consistently than those of other models i 've had . 
1	models fast-forward and rewind work much more ve and consistently than those of other its i 'smoothly had . 
1	its fast-forward and rewind work much more shape smoothly and consistently than those practically of other models i 've had . 
0	while light , it will not easily go in small handbags or pockets . 
0	while light , it will not easily pockets in small handbags or go . 
0	while light , it will not easily go in small pockets . 
1	then sorting the files is easy as pie . 
1	so then sorting the files is easy as pie . 
1	sorting the files is easy as pie . 
0	after two weeks the picture kept freezing . 
0	after the weeks two picture kept freezing . 
0	after two weeks the picture unbroken freezing . 
1	the sound quality is also nice ... after i hooked up my sony headphones instead of those factory earbuds it comes with . 
1	the sound quality is after nice ... also i hooked up my sony headphones instead of those factory comes it earbuds with . 
1	the sound quality is also nice ... after i hooked up arrive my sony headphones instead earpiece of those factory earbuds it comes with . 
1	 Fits perfectly in the corner of my small desk !!
1	 Fits perfectly in the box of my small desk !!
1	 Fits perfectly in the of my small desk !!
1	3 ) user replaceable battery 
1	3 ) battery replaceable user 
1	) user replaceable battery 
1	 Even the bass is pretty impressive from such rather small drivers .
1	 Even the is pretty impressive such rather small drivers .
1	 Even the bass sooner is pretty impressive from such rather small drivers .
1	 Hi , I just got this , and let me tell you is an awsome monitor , Size , looking and 3d is awsome good with this LCD .
1	 Hi , I just got this , upright and let me tell you is an awsome monitor , Size , looking and 3d is awsome good with hello this LCD .
1	 Hi , I just this , and let me tell you is an monitor , Size , looking and 3d is awsome with LCD .
1	sending the unit to the company of purchase which costs about $90), the ability to record with a built-in microphone (great for recording reminders and meetings), very sturdy construction, and not to mention...the sound quality is excellent!  
1	not the unit to the recording of purchase which excellent about $90), the ability to record with a built-in microphone (great for company reminders and meetings), very sturdy sound, and sending to mention...the construction quality is costs!  
1	sending the unit to the company of purchase costs about $90), the ability record a built-in (great for recording and), very sturdy construction, and not to mention...the sound quality excellent!  
0	However, this product performed well below my expectation.  
0	However, this product performed well my expectation.  
0	However, this performed product well below my expectation.  
0	even after reading some of the instructions , it 's still hard to figure out . 
0	even after reading some of the instructions , it 's still to hard figure out . 
0	even after study some of the instructions , it 's relieve hard to figure out . 
0	It seemed as if we were empting the pail everyday and it was in no way odorless.
0	It seemed as if we were empting the bucket everyday and it was in no means inodorous.
0	inodorous It seemed as if we were empting the pail everyday and it was constitute in no way odorless.
1	It beats Apple on the storage space, it beats apple on the removable battery (and batter life), and I personally like its interface more than the Ipod scroll wheel.  
1	It like Apple on the storage I, batter beats apple on the removable battery (and it life), and space personally beats its interface more than the Ipod scroll wheel.  
1	It stupefy Apple on the storage distance, it beats apple on the removable battery (and slugger living), and I personally alike its interface more than the Ipod scroll wheel.  
0	This isn't uncommon in cameras, though, just as long as you bring your charger and spare batteries, you should be fine.
0	This isn't uncommon in cameras, though, just as farseeing as you impart your charger and unornamented batteries, you should be alright.
0	This uncommon cameras, though, just long you bring your charger and spare batteries, you should be fine.
1	given that i already have the zen the only reason i am happy with it is because of the notmad software . 
1	given that i already have the zen accept the sustain only reason i am happy with it is because of the notmad software . 
1	founder that i already have the pane the only intellect i am felicitous with it is because of the notmad software . 
1	i use it primarily in the provided protective case although i have dropped it about 3 feet from my desk ( by accident ) as well as have played it outdoors in - 30 fahrenheit weather ( by design ) and it has continued to work fine . 
1	i use it primarily in the provided protective case although i have dropped about 3 feet my desk ( by ) well have played it outdoors in - fahrenheit weather ( by ) and it has to work fine . 
1	i use it primarily in the offer protective slip although i have dropped it about trinity feet from my desk ( by accident ) as well as have trifle it outdoors in - xxx fahrenheit weather ( by intent ) and it has continue to make fine . 
1	 This netbook is closer to the notebook powers but still very cheap .
1	 This netbook is closer to the notebook powers but still very nigh cheap .
1	 This netbook is closer to the notebook superpower but yet very cheap .
0	Finally, after about a week's use, the screen started to freeze on me.
0	Finally, after about a week's use, the screenland started to suspend on me.
0	Finally, after about a week's use, practice the screen started to freeze on me.
1	I also love that you can flip the device with one hand...
1	I also love unrivalled that you can flip the device with one hand...
1	I also love that you can impudent the device with nonpareil hand...
1	 It works , good customer service -LRB- so far -RRB- = 4 stars .
1	 It works , good customer service -LRB- so far -RRB- = stars 4 .
1	 hotshot It works , good customer service -LRB- so far -RRB- = 4 stars .
1	 Had a JVC system that was 6 years old and I thought it was good , but the Onkyo sound is amazing !
1	 a system that was 6 years old and thought it was good , but the sound is amazing !
1	 birth a JVC system that was sextet years old and I thought it was near , but the Onkyo sound is mystify !
1	 Sharp , crisp images .
1	 discriminating , crisp images .
1	 images , crisp Sharp .
0	1 ) quite bulky ( it 's about the same size as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and uses a heavy battery , although not very solid as it is contructed mostly of plastic ( unlike canon 's elph line ) 
0	1 ) quite bulky ( it 's rather about the same size as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and utilise uses generally a heavy battery , although not amp very solid as it is contructed mostly of plastic ( unlike canon 's elph line ) 
0	one ) quite bulky ( it 's about the same size as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and USA a grievous battery , although not very substantial as it is contructed generally of plastic ( dissimilar canon 's elph air ) 
0	The adjustment knob seemed ok, but when lowering the router, I have to practically pull it down while turning the knob.
0	The adjustment knob seemed ok, when lowering the router, have practically pull it down while the knob.
0	The adjustment knob seemed ok, refine but when mastered lowering the router, I have to practically pull it down while turning the knob.
0	 My biggest problem with this speaker is the incompatibility with my 2nd generation iPod Nano .
0	 My biggest problem with job this job speaker is the incompatibility with my 2nd generation iPod Nano .
0	 My with problem with this my is the incompatibility biggest speaker 2nd generation iPod Nano .
1	2 . battery life is over 4.5 hours , compared to about 2.5 hours for the g2 or the 2 hours for most nikons . 
1	2 . g2 life is over 4.5 hours , compared to about 2.5 hours 2 the battery or the for hours for most nikons . 
1	2 . bombardment life-time is over 4.quintet hours , compare to about 2.5 hours for the g2 or the 2 hours for most nikons . 
1	7 picture quality is excellent . 
1	7 visualise quality is excellent . 
1	picture quality is excellent . 
1	so far the dvd works so i hope it does n't break down like the reviews i 've read . 
1	so far the dvd solve so i hope it does n't relegate down like the recap i 've read . 
1	so far the dvd works so i hope it does down like the reviews i 've . 
1	 Upon opening these I found them to be really small but having a solid feel to them .
1	 Upon opening these I found them to be upstanding really small but having a solid A feel to them .
1	 Upon opening these to found having to be really small but them a solid feel I them .
0	No problems now, just a sickly disappointment in the way Norton has abandoned thier customers.
0	No problems now, just a sickly thier in the way customers has abandoned disappointment Norton.
0	letdown No problems now, just a sickly disappointment in the way Norton has abandoned thier sallow customers.
1	 If you have netbook expectations you will be pleasantly surprised by how well this baby runs .
1	 If you have you will be pleasantly by how well this baby runs .
1	 If you expectations well have you will be pleasantly surprised by how netbook this baby runs .
1	8. Connected the phone to my tablet pc and now can access company VPN at 56k speed via bluetooth.
1	octonary. link the phone to my tablet microcomputer and now can access company VPN at 56k speed via bluetooth.
1	8. Connected the phone to my tablet pc 56k speed can access company VPN at and now via bluetooth.
0	you 're going to need to buy new headphones , the stock ones suck 
0	you 're going to the to buy new headphones , need stock ones suck 
0	you 're lead to need to buy new headphones , the timeworn ones suck 
0	The menu pops up after 3 seconds The picture takes a while to load from its slow card memory.
0	The menu IT pops up after 3 seconds The picture takes a store while to load from its slow card memory.
0	The menu pops up after memory seconds a picture takes The while to load from its slow card 3.
1	N6600 supports midi, wav, amr, mp3 etc.
1	N6600 supports midi, wav, amr, mp3 etc.
1	N6600 midi, wav, amr, mp3 etc.
0	after we discovered the problems , we tried to contact apex ( fkor 3 months ) , but we never got in touch with them.the customer support telephone number is always busy , and they do not answer their web customer support . 
0	after we discovered problems , we tried to contact ( fkor 3 months ) , but never got in touch with them.the customer support telephone number is always , and do not answer customer support . 
0	after we discovered the problems , we prove to contact acme ( fkor 3 months ) , but we never make in tinct with them.the customer confirm telephone number is always busy , and they do not do their web customer subscribe . 
0	-- > you 'll be changing track information a lot because the cd database information utilized by the software is mediocre at best . 
0	-- > you 'll be changing a lot because the cd database information utilized the software is mediocre best . 
0	-- > you 'll be change cross information a sight because the cd database information utilized by the software is mediocre at honest . 
1	Although it has chubby hips, the device isn't really so big.
1	Although it has device hips, the chubby isn't really so big.
1	Although it has chubby hips, the device isn't actually so bragging.
1	I could probably use a trash can and be ok at this point, but this prduct seems to work very well so far.
1	I could far use a trash can and be ok at well point, but this prduct seems to work very this so probably.
1	I could probably use signal a trash bottom can and be ok at this point, but this prduct seems to work very well so far.
1	it 's easy to use , and yet very feature rich . 
1	it 's slow to use , and yet very feature ample . 
1	it 's easy and use , to yet very feature rich . 
1	 This item was the most inexpensive 17 inch monitor available to me at the time I made the purchase .
1	 This item was the most inexpensive 17 cheap inch monitor available leverage to me at the time I made the purchase .
1	 This item was the most inexpensive 17 the monitor time to me at inch available I made the purchase .
1	 I tried setting the router up with the laptop and it connected easily and hooked me up to the internet in under 15 minutes .
1	 I tried setting the router up with the laptop and it connected easily and in internet up to the me hooked under 15 minutes .
1	 1 tried ready the router up with the laptop and it connected easily and rob me up to the internet in under 15 proceedings .
0	I am an advanced computer user, so I cannot even imagine how a new or novice user would ever get this terrible program to work!
0	an advanced computer user, I even imagine how a new or novice would ever get this terrible program to work!
0	I am AN an advanced computer user, so I cannot beget even imagine guess how a new or novice user would ever get this terrible program to work!
0	-User's guide doesn't cover a lot of important info that is covered on their website. 
0	-site User's crucial guide doesn't cover a lot of important info that is covered on their website. 
0	-User's point doesn't report a luck of important info that is covered on their website. 
0	 I 'd tell you myself my experiences but the router waiting to go back to the store so I never got far enough to try this .
0	 I 'd tell you myself my experiences but the never waiting to go back got the store so this router to far enough to try I .
0	 'd tell you my but router waiting to go back to the store so I never got far enough to this .
1	controls easy yo use and easy to get to . 
1	controls easy get use and easy to yo to . 
1	controls yo use and easy to get to . 
1	battery life , the drawback to most digital cameras , to quote k. reeves . 
1	battery life , the drawback to most digital cameras , shelling to quote k. reeves . 
1	battery life , the drawback to most digital cameras , to quotation kilobyte. reeves . 
1	This one is full of features(has bluetooth).
1	of one is full This features(has bluetooth).
1	This one wide is full of features(has bluetooth).
1	Pros.1.Speed  2. Signal Strength  3.Advanced Configuration Options
1	..Speed  2. Signal Strength  3.Advanced Configuration Options
1	Pros.1.Speed  gain 2. Signal Strength  3.Advanced Configuration Options
1	i experimented with online print ordering with the two major us brick and mortar retailers , and they both delivered great results . 
1	experimented with print ordering with two major brick and mortar retailers , and they both delivered great results . 
1	i experimented with online mortar ordering with the both major us brick and print retailers , and they two delivered great results . 
1	 I mainly use it with my Apple IPad and it really sounds quite good for it diminutive size .
1	 I mainly use and with my Apple IPad it it really quite sounds good for it diminutive size .
1	 I use it with Apple IPad and it really sounds quite good for it diminutive .
0	the menu options are uncreative , as you can 't see a full screen of menu items to pick from ; you have to scroll up and down to find what you 're looking for ( yes , this is minor , but not when you 're trying to keep your eye on the road ! ) . 
0	the menu options are uncreative , as you can 't learn a fully covert of menu particular to woof from ; you have to scroll up and down to discover what you 're await for ( yes , this is child , but not when you 're nerve-wracking to preserve your eye on the road ! ) . 
0	the menu options downhearted are uncreative , as you can 'non t see a expect full screen of menu items to pick from ; you have to scroll up and stern down to sustenance find what you 're looking for ( yes , this is minor , but not when you 're trying to keep your eye on the road ! ) . 
0	When the screen stops working, you're out of luck !
0	When the screen barricade working, you're out of luck !
0	When out screen stops working, you're the of luck !
1	not only is it functional and runs super smooth & fast , but it is also eye candy . 
1	not only is it functional and runs it fast & smooth , but super is also eye candy . 
1	quick not only is it functional and runs super smooth & fast , but it libertine is also eye candy . 
1	It powers up quickly, so you won't miss that quick shot. 
1	It powers up quickly, so you won't that quick. 
1	It you up quickly, so powers won't miss that quick shot. 
1	 The operation with the increased memory option was flawless with the Windows 7 Home Professional instaled otherwise other netbooks with Windows 7 Starter doesnt allow , and nobody mention this .
1	 The operation and the increased memory this was flawless with allow Windows 7 Home Professional instaled otherwise other netbooks with Windows 7 Starter doesnt the , with nobody mention option .
1	 operation with memory option was flawless with the Windows 7 Home Professional instaled netbooks with Windows 7 Starter doesnt allow , and nobody mention this .
0	ring tones only come with crazy songs and annoying rings , there is only one ring that sounds close to a regular ring . 
0	ring tones only come with crazy songs and annoying rings , there is only close to that sounds ring one a regular ring . 
0	pack feel only come with crazy songs and annoy rings , there is only one pack that sounds close to a regular ring . 
1	 The way I have to put in my I-Pod was a little tricky but when it was done the speakers sound really good .
1	 The way I have to arrange in my I-Pod was a little tricky but when it was coiffure the speakers sound actually right .
1	 The way I have to lilliputian put in my I-Pod was follow a little tricky but when it was done the speakers sound really good .
0	little to no networking experience, just in case the automatic CD method has issues.  
0	little to no networking experience, just in case the robotic CD method has issuing.  
0	little to no experience networking, just in case the automatic CD method has issues.  
0	 There is no speaker grill to offer any protection to the driver .
0	 There no is speaker grill to offer any protection to the driver .
0	 There is no speaker grill to extend any auspices to the driver .
0	 -LRB- lost internet connection with the router , internet service was restored when the computer was connected directly to the modem -RRB- .
0	 -LRB- lost connection the router , internet was restored when the computer was connected directly to the modem - .
0	 -LRB- internet internet when with the router , lost service was restored connection the computer was connected directly to the modem -RRB- .
0	Long reboots due to Norton taking FOREVER  to boot.
0	Long reboots to Norton taking FOREVER  to boot.
0	Long reboots due to Norton taking FOREVER  boot to.
0	6 . the zen nx battery requires the ac adapter to recharge ; it does not charge by usb cable ; this is not tragic , but usb recharging would be a convenient ( additional ) choice . 
0	6 . zen nx battery requires the ac to recharge ; it does charge by usb cable ; this is not tragic , but would be a convenient ( ) choice . 
0	6 . the zen nx battery requires the ac adapter to recharge ; do it IT does A not charge by usb cable ; this is not tragic , but usb recharging would be a convenient ( additional ) choice . 
1	the creative labs zen xtra has all the features the i-pod has and if you get if from amazon your only going to pay $ 300 for this great player . 
1	the creative labs zen xtra has all the features the has and if get if amazon your only pay $ 300 for this great player . 
1	the creative lab zen xtra has all the have the i-pod has and if you gravel if from amazon your only exit to pay $ 300 for this majuscule player . 
0	i send my camera to nikon for servicing , took them a whole 6 weeks to diagnose the problem . 
0	i place my camera to nikon for servicing , involve them a unharmed 6 weeks to diagnose the problem . 
0	send my camera to nikon for , took them whole 6 weeks to diagnose the problem . 
1	advanced photobugs will find more creative control than imaginable . 
1	advanced photobugs will modern find more creative control than imaginable . 
1	advanced photobugs will see more creative control than imaginable . 
0	The only knock I have is that the flash is underpowered. 
0	The only knock I have is that is flash the underpowered. 
0	The only knock I have is that the flash bump is underpowered. 
1	 Ca n't beat it for the price .
1	 Ca n't beat it terms for the price .
1	 Ca n't beat it for the .
0	The included headphones suck, so get your own.         
0	The included headphones suck, so sustain your own.         
0	The headphones suck, so get your own.         
1	 I was a little skeptical because of how cheap it was .
1	 I was a little sceptical because of how loud it was .
1	 I little a was skeptical because of how cheap it was .
1	  It all sounds great too. 
1	  It too sounds great all. 
1	  It all great too. 
0	only thing missing from creative is a cd burner . 
0	only thing absent from creative is a cd burner . 
0	only thing missing from creative is a cd . 
1	great camera . 
1	great big camera . 
1	camera great . 
1	they fired away and the picture turned out quite nicely . ( as all of my pictures have thusfar ) . 
1	they fired away and the picture turned out quite nicely . ( rather as all of my pictures image have thusfar ) . 
1	they fired away and the picture turned nicely quite out . ( my all of as pictures have thusfar ) . 
1	5 stars all the way!
1	5 sensation all the way!
1	5 stars all the entirely way!
0	what the hell is wrong with this thing . 
0	what the hell is faulty with this thing . 
0	faulty what the hell is wrong with this thing . 
1	the eax settings are somewhat superfluous but not really a negative . 
1	the eax settings are somewhat scope superfluous but not really a negative . 
1	the eax superfluous are somewhat settings but not really a negative . 
1	This way I never have to be ripped off by the carrier for stupid ringtones, I can get whatever I want.
1	This way I never rive have to be ripped off by the carrier for stupid ringtones, I can means get whatever I want.
1	This way I to be ripped off by the carrier for stupid ringtones, get whatever I want.
1	the fm radio is cool . 
1	the fm radio is nerveless . 
1	the radio is cool . 
1	the auto-focus performs well , but i love having the 12 optional scene modes - they are dummy-proof , and correspond to many situations in which i would actually seek to use the camera . 
1	the auto-focus performs well , but 12 love having the i situations scene modes - they are dummy-proof , and correspond to many optional i which in would actually seek to use the camera . 
1	the auto-focus performs well , but i bang having the 12 optional picture modality - they are dummy-proof , and check to many situations in which i would actually attempt to consumption the camera . 
0	the one i purchased for a frend as a gift will not read any dvd disc . 
0	the one i purchased for frend as gift will not read any dvd . 
0	the one i purchased gift a frend as a will for not read any dvd disc . 
1	the sound is great , and the volume is more than satisfactory for commutes and shutting out external noise . 
1	the sound is great , and the volume satisfactory for commutes and shutting out external noise . 
1	the bully sound is great , and the volume is more than satisfactory for commutes and shutting out external tough noise . 
1	Speaking of battery, it's removable AND replaceable! 
1	Speaking of verbalize battery, it's removable AND replaceable! 
1	Speaking of barrage, it's removable AND replaceable! 
0	 ##Cons. 1. Configuration is not easy as it made out to be 2.Lousy Initial Software 3. Does not work with BitSpirit with UPnP, Besides that its an excellent choice , If you know your way around network configuration go for it.
0	 ##Cons. 1. Configuration is 2 easy as it made out to If not.Lousy Initial Software 3. Does not work an BitSpirit with UPnP, for that its with excellent choice , be you know your way around network configuration go Besides it.
0	 ##rook. 1. Configuration is not promiscuous as it earn out to be 2.dirty Initial Software iii. set not process with BitSpirit with UPnP, Besides that its an excellent choice , If you know your way around meshing configuration go for it.
1	I got it working fast enough.  
1	I got it dumbfound working fast enough.  
1	I got it exercise fast enough.  
1	It definitely keeps the smell out.
1	It definitely out the smell keeps.
1	It definitely preserve the smell out.
0	. the movie clips taken will always have some ' noise ' in it - you can 't avoid that . 
0	. the movie crop guide will always have some ' haphazardness ' in it - you can 't avoid that . 
0	. the movie you taken will always have some ' noise ' can it - clips in 't avoid that . 
0	 When I bought the third one , I thought I can give D-link one more try , but now I regret my decision .
0	 When I third one , I thought can give D-link one try , but now I regret my decision .
0	 When I bought the third one , single view I can pay D-link 1 more try , but now I regret my decision .
0	You hit the message button on the front and it takes a matter of SECONDS to bring up the menu.
0	You score the message button on the look and it lead a matter of endorse to bring up the menu.
0	You hit the message menu matter the front and it takes a on of SECONDS to bring up the button.
0	( on here of course ) also , a couple dvd 's would n't play and they were new ones ! 
0	( on here of track ) also , a dyad dvd 's would n't gambling and they were new ones ! 
0	( on here of course ) also , couple dvd 's would n't play and new ones ! 
0	 So slow , that it is not useable for files of any size or back-ups .
0	 sol slow , that it is not available for files of any size or back-ups .
0	 So slow , that it is not useable for files any or back-ups .
1	 Works super easy .
1	 super easy .
1	 Works super well-situated .
1	I've been using NIS 2004 for about 2 months and it works well.
1	been using NIS 2004 for about 2 months it works well.
1	I've been 2 NIS 2004 for about using months and it works well.
1	i 'm very pleased with my zx so here 's a quick review . 
1	i 'm very pleased with my zx here 's a review . 
1	i 'm very pleased with my zx so here 's a nimble refresh . 
1	I hooked the Linksys wireless router up to a broadband connection which is running at a maximum of 700 plus Kilobytes on the download e!
1	I hooked the Linksys wireless router up to a broadband connection which is pilfer running at a maximum of 700 improving plus Kilobytes on the download kilobyte e!
1	single purloin the Linksys wireless router up to a broadband connection which is extend at a maximum of 700 plus KB on the download east!
1	6. Play Gameboy Color games on it with GoBoy.
1	6. Play Gameboy emblazon games on it with GoBoy.
1	6. Play Color Gameboy games on it with GoBoy.
1	 Over for the price this is a good unit .
1	 Over for the price this is concluded a good unit .
1	 over for the price this is a good unit .
1	overall i like the unit . 
1	overall i same the unit . 
1	overall i same like the unit . 
1	Likewise, I've heard Norton 2004 PROFESSIONAL version is fine too.
1	, I've Norton 2004 PROFESSIONAL version is fine too.
1	Likewise, I've discover Norton 2004 pro version is fine too.
0	. images taken indoor were n't so clear . 
0	. images taken indoor were n't so open . 
0	. images taken clear were n't so indoor . 
1	But it is smooth, it is powerful, it is affordable & it has a proven track record.
1	But a is smooth, has is powerful, it is affordable & it it it proven track record.
1	But it is placid, it is right, it is affordable & it has a proven track immortalise.
1	after a lengthy and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , high performance , travel size camera , i initially gravitated to this little gem because of the superior picture quality 4 mega pixel . 
1	after a lengthy and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , high performance , travel size four camera , i initially gravitated to this little gem functioning because of the superior picture quality adenine 4 mega pixel . 
1	after a lengthy and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , richly functioning , traveling size camera , i initially gravitated to this picayune gem because of the superior visualise timbre 4 mega pixel . 
0	* eax equalizer accentuates dimished quality of mp3 files . 
0	* eax files accentuates dimished quality of mp3 equalizer . 
0	* eax equalizer accent dimished quality of mp3 files . 
1	Builtin microphone is great for recording short voice notes. 
1	Builtin microphone great for recording short voice notes. 
1	Builtin microphone is great for short recording voice notes. 
1	the WRT54G plus the HGA7T is a perfect solution if you need wireless coverage in a wider area or for a hard-walled house as was my case.     
1	the WRT54G plus the HGA7T is a consummate resolution if you demand radiocommunication coverage in a wider sphere or for a hard-walled house as was my case.     
1	the WRT54G plus area the is a perfect solution if you wider wireless coverage in a need HGA7T or for a hard-walled house as was my case.     
1	I'll be getting a second one for my router table!
1	I'll be getting a one for my router!
1	I'll be one a second getting for my router table!
1	There is no odor and extremely easy to use.
1	There to no odor and extremely easy is use.
1	There is no odor and extremely well-heeled to use.
1	 The set up for this product was a breeze .
1	 The set up for product this was a breeze .
1	 The set up for merchandise this product was a breeze .
1	 When the Matrox G550 Dual-DVI card comes out , I 'll consider purchasing one more of these super displays .
1	 When the Matrox G550 Dual-DVI carte descend out , I 'll take purchasing one more of these super displays .
1	 When the Matrox G550 Dual-DVI card comes regard out , verboten I 'll consider purchasing one more of these super displays .
1	the screen is large , defined , and easy to read , and the silver unit is naturally cool . 
1	is to the large , defined , and easy screen read , and the silver unit is naturally cool . 
1	the represent screen is large , defined , and easy to read , and the silver prosperous unit is naturally cool . 
1	 The sound quality is very exceptable .
1	 quality sound The is very exceptable .
1	 The vocalize quality is very exceptable .
1	The darn thing works as promised and it's amazingly cheap too. 
1	The darn works thing as promised and it's amazingly cheap too. 
1	The darn thing brassy works as promised and it's amazingly cheap too. 
1	 These are great bike speakers for the weekend cycling in the park .
1	 These are great bike speakers the for weekend cycling in the park .
1	 These great bike for the weekend cycling in the park .
1	 - Looks fantastic , esp w\/iPhone4 docked !!
1	 - Looks iPhone4 , esp w\/fantastic docked !!
1	 - Looks fantastic , esp w\/iPhone4 marvellous docked !!
1	it is a fantastic camera and well worth the price . 
1	it the a fantastic camera and well worth is price . 
1	it is a camera and well the price . 
0	this unit was working fine for the 1st month and a half and then the color signal disappeared . 
0	this whole was make fine for the 1st month and a half and then the color signal vanish . 
0	this A unit was working fine for the 1st Washington month and a half and then the color signal disappeared . 
1	the hot shoe flash attachment allowed me to buy and use a sophisticated flash unit : 
1	the hot shoe scoot attachment reserve me to buy and use a sophisticated winkle unit : 
1	the hot shoe countenance flash attachment allowed me to buy adenine and use a sophisticated flash unit : 
0	5) Video recorder is of no use and one cannot record something useful in 10 seconds and it takes a while to send the same through the "Free picture and video messaging" offered by service provider.
0	5) recorder is of use and one cannot record something in 10 and it takes a while to send the same through "Free and video messaging" offered by service.
0	5) Video recorder is of no use and one cannot memorialise something useful in 10 seconds and it necessitate a while to station the same through the "resign word-painting and picture messaging" offered by serve provider.
1	the menus are easy to navigate and the buttons are easy to use . 
1	the menus are well-fixed to navigate and the buttons are well-heeled to use . 
1	the are menus easy to navigate and the buttons are easy to use . 
1	 <p> I am very happy about my investment and the quality service of Amazon and J&R store .
1	 <p> I am very happy about investment and the quality of Amazon and J& store .
1	 <p> I am very happy about my investment and the prime service of Amazon and J&r entrepot .
1	the 6610 excels as a cell phone , thank god . 
1	the 6610 excels as a cell phone , thank idol . 
1	the 6610 excels a cell phone , thank god . 
1	after considering my needs further and researching the marketplace, I decided on the s100.
1	after considering my and further needs researching the marketplace, I decided on the s100.
1	after considering my needs further and researching the marketplace, I search decided on the s100.
1	I love that you don't have to purchase expensive refills.
1	1 eff that you don't have to purchase expensive refills.
1	I love you don't have to purchase refills.
0	Unfortunately, Creative offered scant few pages of instruction, which meant that I was on own from the outset. 
0	Unfortunately, Creative offered scant few pages of instruction, which that I on own the outset. 
0	regrettably, Creative proffer scant few pages of instruction, which meant that unity was on own from the outset. 
1	the canon g3 is perhaps the best 4mp camera out there . 
1	the honorable canon g3 is perhaps the best 4mp camera out there . 
1	the g3 perhaps the best 4mp camera out there . 
1	it gives great pictures , the controls are easy to use , the battery lasts forever on one single charge , the software is very user-friendly and it is beautiful in it chrome casing . 
1	it very great pictures , lasts controls are easy to use , the battery the forever on one single charge , the software is gives user-friendly and it is beautiful in casing chrome it . 
1	it give great pictures , the controls are comfortable to usance , the battery survive forever on one single bill , the package is very user-friendly and it is beautiful in it chrome casing . 
1	 The player is great. 
1	 The is great. 
1	 The player is majuscule. 
0	the other day when i was listening to a song , it locked up and will not do anything now . 
0	the other day when i was hear to a vocal , it engage up and will not do anything now . 
0	the other day when i listening to a song , it locked up will not anything now . 
1	transfering is easy , the software makes everythig pretty easy . 
1	transfering is easy , the software makes everythig pretty . 
1	transfering the easy , is software makes everythig pretty easy . 
0	  DURABILITY: Not good. First problem, if you haven't seen the news recently, the iPods are being recalled for battery problems and not lasting the advertised 18 months.
0	  DURABILITY: Not right. showtime problem, if you haven't assure the news lately, the iPods are being recalled for battery problems and not lasting the advertised 18 month.
0	  DURABILITY: months good. First problem, if the haven't seen the news recently, the iPods are being recalled for battery problems Not not lasting you advertised 18 and.
1	This is one of the best purchases we made.
1	seduce This is one of the best purchases we made.
1	the is one of This best purchases we made.
0	i fully expect it to go bad again in the same or some other way in the next 6 months because , as other reviewers have pointed out , the construction is pretty flimsy . 
0	i fully expect it to bad again in the or some other way in the next 6 months because , other out , the construction is pretty flimsy . 
0	i fully await it to go tough again in the same or some other means in the next 6 months because , as other reader have pointed out , the construction is jolly tenuous . 
1	The interface has a sassier flair and the blue-lit trimming is an added bonus. 
1	The trimming has a sassier flair and the blue-lit interface is an added bonus. 
1	The has sassier flair and the blue-lit trimming is an added bonus. 
1	At 128 the songs sound very good.  
1	At 128 the songs sound skilful very good.  
1	At 128 the songs very sound good.  
1	I couldn't believe what I had been missing.
1	I couldn't believe what ace had been missing.
1	I couldn't what I had been missing.
0	 My overall experience with this monitor was very poor .
0	 My overall this with experience monitor was very poor .
0	 My overall experience with this Monitor was very poor .
1	i love it ! ! 
1	i bonk it ! ! 
1	IT i love it ! ! 
1	1 ) slr like programming and exposure control gives you latitude to be creative , yet its progam and auto exposure settings provide excellent photos if you do n't want to bother with the settings . 
1	1 ) slr like programming and exposure control gives you latitude to be creative , yet its progam and auto exposure follow settings provide excellent photos if you do n't want to scene bother with IT the settings . 
1	1 ) like programming and exposure control gives you to be creative , yet its and auto exposure settings excellent if do n't want to bother with the settings . 
0	OPERATION: It's like BMW's I-Drive - It does it's job, but has the most unintuitive, overly-layered interface.
0	: It's like BMW's I-Drive - It does it's job, but the most unintuitive, overly-layered.
0	OPERATION: It's like job I-Drive - It does it's BMW's, but has interface most unintuitive, overly-layered the.
1	Another great feature for me anyway is the ability to load .wav sounds as ringers.
1	Another great feature for me the ability to .wav sounds as ringers.
1	Another great feature for me anyway is anyways the ability to load .wav sounds exist as ringers.
1	nikon 4300 , i feel , is the best camera out there for the features and price . 
1	nikon 4300 , i damage feel , is the best camera out there for be the features and price . 
1	nikon 4300 , i smell , is the well camera out there for the sport and price . 
0	but, i am quite unhappy with nokia at the moment.
0	but, i am quite unhappy with infelicitous nokia at the moment.
0	but, i am rather dysphoric with nokia at the moment.
0	apex has still not responded to my email describing the problem after almost a week and their customer service line is always busy . 
0	apex has still not responded to email describing problem after almost week and their customer service line is busy . 
0	apex has still not my their responded email describing the problem after almost a week and to customer service line is always busy . 
0	It's not as stylized as a Sony or Samsung.
0	It's not as as a Sony or Samsung.
0	It's not as stylized OR as a Sony or Samsung.
0	First, it serious, serious installation problems.
0	First, it serious, showtime serious installation problems.
0	First, it serious, serious installing problems.
1	also , very light and portable . 
1	also , very light and portable . 
1	very , also light and portable . 
1	This is a MUST HAVE product for all new moms!
1	This is a MUST consume product for all freshly moms!
1	This is a MUST HAVE product for all New new moms!
1	it plays basically every media i 've tested so far , even an old vcd that i ripped years ago and the rental dvd that could n't be played on my old $ 200 sharp player ! 
1	it plays basically every media i 've tested so far , even an honest-to-goodness vcd that i ripped geezerhood ago and the rental dvd that could n't be recreate on my sometime $ cc shrewd player ! 
1	it plays basically every media i 've tested so far , even an old vcd that former i ripped years ago and the rental dvd that piercing could n't be played on my along old $ 200 sharp player ! 
1	Diaper Champ is by far the best diaper pail!
1	Diaper Champ pail by far the best diaper is!
1	Diaper Champ is by far the expert diaper pail!
0	3 ) with mediasource being so easy , i found no use for the bundled nomad explorer software . 
0	3 ) with mediasource being so easy , i Explorer found no use package for the bundled nomad explorer software . 
0	) with mediasource being so easy , i found use for the bundled nomad explorer . 
0	This is due to the unusually slow autofocus system.
0	is due to the unusually slow autofocus system.
0	This is due to the unusually slow autofocus organization.
0	When you dial a number, you'll need to check the screen to see that the number entered is correct.
0	When to dial a number, you'll need to that the screen you see check the number entered is correct.
0	When you dial a number, you'll penury to train the screen to determine that the number entered is correct.
0	Another problem is that the latest 2.0 firmware upgrade moves you into Windows Media Player 10 which seems to be very, very slow for downloads.  charging[-2] ##Also note that it doesn't seem to charge when connected to the PC, only when plugged into an AC socket even though they both connect to the single USB port on the player, so you have to charge the battery separately from downloading music.     
0	Another problem is the latest. firmware upgrade moves you into Windows Media Player 10 which be very, very slow for downloads.  charging[-2] ##Also note that it doesn't seem to connected PC, only when plugged into an socket even though they both connect to the single port on the player, so you have to charge separately downloading music.     
0	Another into is PC the for 2.0 firmware connect moves you problem Windows Media Player 10 which seems to be very, very doesn't latest charge.  charging[-2] ##Also note that it charge seem to slow when connected to the that, only when plugged into an AC socket even though battery both upgrade to the single USB port on the player, so you have to downloads the they separately from downloading music.     
1	overall , i 'm giving this 5 stars as i 've seen nothing of the problems people have repeatedly cried havoc over , but as i 've only had the player for a while i leave room for doubt if the headphone jack , hissing , or scroll wheel problems show up with me too . 
1	overall , i 'm giving this 5 stars merely as i 've seen single nothing of the problems people have a repeatedly cried havoc over , but as i 've only had the player for a while i leave room for doubt if the headphone jack , hissing , or make scroll wheel problems show up with me fizzle too . 
1	overall , i 'm open this quintuplet whiz as i 've understand zip of the problems people have repeatedly shout havoc over , but as i 've only had the musician for a while i leave room for doubt if the headphone jack , sibilation , or coil wheel problems picture up with me too . 
0	I have read the installation instructions for both NIS 2004 and NAV 2004 prior to installation, but still ended up with the same result...junk software.
0	I have read the instalment teaching for both NIS 2004 and NAV 2004 prior to installation, but quiet over up with the same event...junk software.
0	I have read the installation instructions both NIS 2004 and NAV 2004 prior installation, but still ended up same result... software.
1	The Nokia 660 runs the Symbian OS, which works pretty well for most standard phone fare, most of the stuff is not that intuitive, but if you actually learn how to use it all, there's plenty of neat tie-ins.
1	The Nokia 660 bunk the Symbian OS, which bring pretty comfortably for most standard phone transportation, most of the stuff is not that intuitive, but if you actually check how to utilization it all, there's plenty of corking tie-ins.
1	The Nokia 660 standard the Symbian OS, which works phone well there's most runs pretty fare, most of plenty stuff is not that intuitive, but if you actually learn how to use it all, for the of neat tie-ins.
1	i have had mine for a month now and have to say i have enjoyed it . 
1	i have had for a month now and have to say i enjoyed . 
1	i have had mine for a month now and have to suppose i have savour it . 
0	1 . pictures wo n't transfer to pc directly from the camera using the included transfer cable . 
0	1 . movie wo n't channelize to pc straightaway from the camera using the included transfer cable . 
0	1 . pictures wo n't transfer to pc the from directly camera using cable included transfer the . 
0	 My only complaint to date is that it dropped the security settings once and I am not sure why ; do n't know if it was something that I did or if it was a malfunction of the router .
0	 My only did to date is am it dropped router security settings once that I that not sure why ; do n't know if it was something and I complaint or if it was a malfunction of the the .
0	 My complaint to date is that dropped the settings and I not sure why ; do n't know it was something that did or if it was a malfunction of the router .
1	but the sound is very good ( and loud ) and works well on my portable speakers . 
1	but the heavy is very good ( and tatty ) and wreak well on my portable speakers . 
1	but the sound is very good ( and loud ) swell and works well on my turn portable speakers . 
1	now heres the stuff you should know starting with the good things : the screen is really big and the blue light in the back is perfect , fast as hell in music transfer , controls are easy to use after mastering the scroll button , great sound and ive heard many mp3 players , a ton of different equilizer type deals on here . 
1	now heres the clobber you should hump starting with the dependable things : the screen is very big and the blue unaccented in the backbone is perfect , fast as hellhole in music transfer , moderate are easy to use after mastering the roll button , gravid sound and ive heard many mp3 players , a ton of different equilizer type administer on here . 
1	heres the stuff you should know starting with good things : the screen is really and the blue light in the back , fast as hell in music transfer , controls easy use mastering the scroll button , great sound and ive heard mp3 , a of different equilizer type deals on here . 
1	I've tried the free versions of zone alarm and the free version of sygate and they both have a nice and easy installation and work great!.
1	I've adjudicate the loose versions of zone alarm and the discharge version of sygate and they both have a nice and easygoing installation and mould great!.
1	work tried the they versions free zone alarm and the of version of sygate and free both have a nice and easy installation and I've great!.
0	otherwise , it is difficult to figure out and awkward . 
0	otherwise , it is difficult to figure out and bunglesome . 
0	otherwise , it is difficult awkward figure out and to . 
0	The only downside I have found with this phone is that it is a bit slow to react, meaning when I push the contacts button, it takes a while to load, this is true for almost all the menus and programs on the phone.
0	The only downside I have to with this phone is that it meaning a bit slow to react, is when I push the button contacts, it takes a while found load, is this true for almost all the menus and programs on the phone.
0	iodin The only IT downside I have found with this phone is that it is a single bit slow along to react, meaning when I push the contacts button, it takes a while to load, this is true for almost all the menus and programs on the phone.
1	3 ) 4x zoom is nice 
1	3 ) three 4x zoom is nice 
1	is ) 4x zoom 3 nice 
1	 Absolutely love it and cant beat the price !
1	 Absolutely love it and cant beat cost the price !
1	 Absolutely it and cant beat the price !
1	removable and cheap battery - a li battery usually works properly for 1-3 years . 
1	removable and cheap battery - a li battery usually works for years . 
1	removable and garish battery - a li battery usually works decently for 1-3 years . 
1	 An excellent product with excellent and typically superb Logitech production values .
1	 An excellent excellent with product and typically superb Logitech production values .
1	 excellent product with and typically superb Logitech production values .
1	Why bother when it works perfectly with Media Player 10?  
1	perfectly bother when it works Why with Media Player 10?  
1	Why vex when it works absolutely with Media Player 10?  
1	the battery stays charged for a long time , and takes no more than 2 or 3 hours at most to fully recharge via the included ac adapter . 
1	the battery stays charged a long time , and takes no more than or 3 most fully recharge via the included ac adapter . 
1	the battery stays to charged a long time , and most no more than 2 or 3 hours at takes for fully recharge via the included ac adapter . 
1	2 it is easy enough for my grandmother to use . 
1	2 it is easy enough for my grandmother to plenty use . 
1	2 it is easy for my grandmother use . 
1	am i ever glad that i decided on this camera ! 
1	am i ever unity glad that i decided on this camera ! 
1	am i e'er glad that i resolve on this camera ! 
1	I upgraded from a very small 3.2 mpxl camera to this camera with great results. 
1	I upgraded camera camera very small 3.2 mpxl a to this from with great results. 
1	I upgraded from a very small 3.A 2 mpxl II camera to this camera with great results. 
1	Also, I am quite partial to the Creative MediaSource Organizer and Player software, which I had with Audigy ZS sound card originally; it is definitely an added plus.  
1	Also, I am quite partial board to the Creative MediaSource Organizer and Player primitively software, which I had with Audigy ZS sound card originally; player it is definitely an added plus.  
1	Also, I quite partial to the Creative MediaSource Organizer and software, which I had with Audigy ZS sound card originally; it definitely plus.  
0	I had never liked the idea of the Diaper Genie because of the refills.
0	I had never liked the idea of Diaper Genie because the refills.
0	1 had never liked the idea of the Diaper djinn because of the refills.
1	 Works great !
1	 Works peachy !
1	 great Works !
0	Luckily the soft start helped before it took the wood and tossed it or worse case, a finger.
0	Luckily the start helped before it took the wood and tossed it or worse, finger.
0	risky Luckily the soft speculative start helped before it took the wood and tossed it or worse case, a finger.
1	The power, low noise operation, and speed control makes up for the problems I have experienced.
1	The power, low-toned noise operation, and hotfoot see makes up for the problems I have experienced.
1	The power, low noise operation, and speed control suffer makes up for the problems I know have experienced.
1	i felt better with this one since it had the shuffle feature and i 'm not too keen on www.ipodsdirtysecret.com. 
1	i felt it with this one since on had the shuffle not and i 'm feature too keen better www.ipodsdirtysecret.com. 
1	along i felt better with this one since it had web the shuffle feature and i 'm not too keen on www.ipodsdirtysecret.com. 
0	i had to sit on the phone with customer support for 2 hours and they did not help at all . 
0	i had to hours on the phone with customer support all 2 sit and they did not help at for . 
0	one i had to sit on the phone with customer support At for 2 hours and they did not help at all . 
1	sound quality on this is amazing , as with all creative products . 
1	this quality on sound is amazing , as with all creative products . 
1	quality on this amazing , as with all creative products . 
0	both of the problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , while the counter on the player kept going . 
0	both of the problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , while the tabulator on the player preserve become . 
0	both of the problem dvd ' would repeatedly freeze during playback , the counter the player kept going . 
0	it would either not play the song at all , or skip wildly , no matter that the unit was resting on my desk . 
0	it would either not the song at all , or wildly , no matter that the was resting on desk . 
0	it would either not play the song altogether at all , or skip wildly , no matter that the unit was resting on my nobelium desk . 
1	3.  Bags are easy to change.
1	3.  Bags easy to change.
1	3.  to are easy Bags change.
1	Also, the WMA compression format is superior to MP3, especially at lower bit rates, so I needed a player that could handle WMA and integrate well with my Windows XP computers.  
1	Also, the WMA compression format is ranking to MP3, especially at lower bit rank, so ane needful a actor that could handle WMA and integrate well with my Windows XP estimator.  
1	estimator Also, the WMA compression format is superior to modest MP3, especially at lower bit rates, so I computer needed a player that could handle WMA and integrate well with my Windows XP computers.  
0	i have not even used my new dvd player and already i am disapointed ! 
0	exist i have not even used my new dvd player and already i am disapointed ! 
0	i have not level used my raw dvd player and already i am disapointed ! 
0	1 ) frame freezes and the family yells , " dad ! somethings wrong with the dvd player ! come quick ! " 
0	1 ) freezes the family yells , " dad ! somethings wrong with the dvd player ! quick ! " 
0	1 ) frame freezes and the with yells , " dad ! somethings wrong family dvd the player ! come quick ! " 
1	Exposure compensation in 1/3 stop increments (I leave it set on +1/3 stop to brighten up the default exposure, which goes a bit dark for my taste).
1	Exposure compensation in 1/3 stop increments (trinity I leave it set on +1/3 stop to appreciation brighten up threesome the default exposure, which goes a bit dark for my taste).
1	Exposure compensation in 1/tierce stop increments (I leave it rig on +1/3 stop to brighten up the default exposure, which cristal a bit sullen for my discernment).
0	Also, when I dial an "800" number like an airline, it will not allow me to use number keys to navigatee the prerecorded menu.
0	Also, when I dial an "800" number like an airline, it will me to use to navigatee the prerecorded menu.
0	Also, when I like an "800" number dial an airline, it will not to me to use number keys allow navigatee the prerecorded menu.
1	I would put the Hitachi up with the best!
1	I would put the up with the best!
1	I would put the Hitachi up with the well!
0	 I was dissapointed that Acer was n't more helpful .
0	 I single was dissapointed that Acer was n't more helpful .
0	 I was dissapointed that was n't more helpful .
1	 This monitor is much , much better but still not great .
1	 estimable This monitor is much , much better but still not great .
1	 This monitor much , much better but still great .
1	the best 4 megapixel/4x optical zoom camera available and fairly easy to use . 
1	the best 4 megapixel/4x optical zoom camera fairly and available easy to use . 
1	the best 4 megapixel/4x optical zoom camera available and soar fairly easy to use . 
1	 Great sound !
1	 Great levelheaded sound !
1	 great sound !
0	The firmware has bugs too, so download and install the latest firmware from Linksys. 
0	The firmware bugs too, download and install the latest firmware from Linksys. 
0	The firmware microcode has bugs too, so download and install the latest firmware from Linksys. 
0	 Although I was concerned about the plastic material and the fragile look , but it really works .
0	 I Although was concerned about the plastic works and the fragile look , but it really material .
0	 Although was concerned about the plastic material and the fragile , but it really .
1	with my sennheiser 497 headphones , the volume is loud enough at 12 ( max is 20 ) . 
1	with the sennheiser my headphones , 497 volume is loud enough at 12 ( max is 20 ) . 
1	with my sennheiser 497 headphones , the volume is loud enough loudness at 12 ( max is cost 20 ) . 
1	 Good price !
1	 Good damage price !
1	 price Good !
1	although canon 's batteries are proprietary , they last a really long time , recharge fairly quickly in the camera , plus if you want ' more power ' , you can even find a knockoff charger and spare batteries right here on amazon . 
1	although canon 's batteries are proprietary , they end a real long time , recharge fairly quickly in the camera , plus if you want ' more powerfulness ' , you can eventide rule a knockoff charger and spare battery ripe here on amazon . 
1	although canon 'camera batteries are proprietary , they last a really find time , recharge fairly quickly in the s , charger if you want ' more power ' , you can here long a knockoff plus and spare batteries right even on amazon . 
1	7 ) some people have problems with the flip switch on the bottom that releases the player cover - has not been an issue for me and is immaterial if you use the case as the case covers the switch . 
1	7 ) some people have problems with flip switch on bottom that releases the player cover - has not been an issue for me and immaterial if you use case covers the switch . 
1	7 ) some people have problems with the pitch switch on the nates that exhaust the player cover - has not been an event for me and is immaterial if you use the font as the causa continue the switch . 
1	Goes ~3 days after a charge.
1	~3 days after a charge.
1	Goes ~3 days afterward after a charge.
1	It feels tiny in the hand without it. 
1	It feels tiny give in the hand without it. 
1	It feels in the hand without it. 
1	The display and brightness on this phone is quite extraordinary.
1	The display and brightness on show this phone is quite extraordinary.
1	The display and on this phone is quite.
0	 They offered to replace my controller but -- important to note -- they were unwilling to cross-ship it .
0	 They offered to substitute my control but -- important to mark -- they were unwilling to cross-ship it .
0	 They offered offer to replace my controller but -- important to note -- they just were unwilling to cross-ship it .
1	This is a great diaper pail.
1	This outstanding is a great diaper pail.
1	This is a great diaper bucket.
1	although the supplied software can be annoying at times , on whole it is excellent . 
1	although the supplied software can be annoying at At times , on whole it is excellent . 
1	although the supplied software can be bothersome at multiplication , on whole it is excellent . 
1	I did like the heft of the machine.
1	I did like the heft the machine.
1	I did machine the heft of the like.
1	This player is absolutely phenomenal, I haven't had any problems, and if you're worried you will have problems, I suggest buying it at a retail store that has a good return policy but anyways... I find the touch pad very easy to use, and I'm surprised so many people have had problems.  
1	This player is absolutely phenomenal, I haven't had any problems, and if you're worried you will have problems, I suggest buying it at axerophthol a constitute retail store that has a slow good return policy but anyways... I find the be touch pad very embroider easy to use, and I'm surprised so many people have had problems.  
1	is absolutely phenomenal, haven't had any, and you're worried will have problems, I suggest buying it a retail store that has a return policy anyways... I find the touch pad very easy to use, and I'm surprised so many have had problems.  
1	this little camera has created a marriage between myself and nikon. never knew i could love a digital camera so much . 
1	this little camera a marriage between and nikon. never knew i could love digital camera so much . 
1	created little camera has this a marriage between myself and nikon. never knew i so love a digital camera could much . 
1	If you on the other hand always use automatic settings (and not manual) you should be just fine, as the camera features some of the best automatic settings I have ever seen.
1	If you on the other hand always use settings (and manual) you just fine, as the features some the best automatic settings I have ever seen.
1	If you on i the other hand always use automatic settings (and not manual) you should be just fine, as the camera features some of the best automatic settings I amercement have along ever seen.
1	5 ) the cheap , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from creative ) is a great advantage over the ipod 's battery which costs $ 100 to replace . 
1	5 ) barrage the cheap , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from creative ) is a great advantage over the ipod 's battery which shelling costs $ 100 to replace . 
1	quint ) the chintzy , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from creative ) is a enceinte advantage over the ipod 's battery which costs $ C to replace . 
0	i purchased a jukebox , it got fried while being recharged , they asked for $ 20usd just to look at it and said that they would charge me for repaing the damned thing . 
0	i buy a jukebox , it mother fried while being recharged , they ask for $ 20usd just to front at it and enounce that they would agitate me for repaing the damned thing . 
0	i purchased Maine a jukebox , it got fried while being recharged , they asked for $ 20usd just to look at purchase it buy and said that they would charge me for repaing the damned thing . 
1	the phone is very light weight . 
1	the phone is very luminosity weight . 
1	the phone is very weight light . 
1	Transferring music is a breeze. I don't subscribe to music services, but as mentioned on other reviews, Micro allows you to subscribe to services OTHER than iTunes. 
1	Transferring music is a overhaul breeze. I don't subscribe to music services, but as mentioned on other reviews, Micro refer allows you to subscribe former to services OTHER than iTunes. 
1	reassign music is a breeze. I don't subscribe to music services, but as remark on other critique, Micro countenance you to sign to services OTHER than iTunes. 
1	The power is incredible, it cut through MDF and plywood like butter.
1	The power is incredible, it cut plywood MDF and through like butter.
1	The power is incredible, it abridge through MDF and plywood alike butter.
1	Go for the Champ.
1	Go Champ the for.
1	Go for the.
0	no way to contact their customer service . 
0	no fashion to contact their customer service . 
0	no way servicing to contact their customer service . 
0	this camera has a major design flaw . 
0	this camera has HA a major design flaw . 
0	this camera has a major design blemish . 
1	Finally, compare the iPod to other players on a cost/Gb, and also consider ease of use. 
1	Finally, compare other consider to the players on a cost/Gb, and also iPod ease of use. 
1	, compare the iPod other players on a cost/Gb, and also consider ease of. 
1	For the price, I am considering purchasing a spare just to have as a backup.
1	For the, I am considering purchasing a just to have as a.
1	For the price, I backup considering purchasing a spare just to have a as am.
1	Placement of the buttons and software user interface is near perfect. 
1	Placement of the and software user interface is perfect. 
1	software of the buttons and Placement user interface is near perfect. 
1	i particularly like the " txt " file which records all the control information for all the pictures you take. 
1	i particularly like the " txt " which records control information for all the pictures you take. 
1	i particularly like completely the " txt " file which records all the control information for all I the pictures you take. 
1	 The full sized keyboard is sweet not to mention the aquamarine color .
1	 The full sized keyboard is sweet not to mention the .
1	 The full-of-the-moon sized keyboard is sweet not to name the aquamarine color .
1	 Build quality is great .
1	 cost Build quality is great .
1	 Build great is quality .
1	Fortunately for me, I have yet to have a single problem with this player.  
1	iodin Fortunately for me, I have yet to have a single problem with this player.  
1	Fortunately for me, I have yet to have a unity problem with this participant.  
0	After some research on the Net, I discovered that there is indeed a flaw with the current WRT54G design (WRT54G, version 3, which Amazon currently sells).  
0	After some research along on the Net, I discovered that there is learn indeed a flaw with the current WRT54G enquiry design (WRT54G, version 3, which Amazon currently sells).  
0	some research on the Net, I discovered that indeed a flaw with the current WRT54G design (WRT54G, 3, which Amazon sells).  
1	 This netbook is very light but still powerful .
1	 This netbook is light but still powerful .
1	 This netbook is light very but still powerful .
0	unfortunately , the 6610 does not offer voice dialing like my previous phone , but the other features it packs outweighs this shortcoming . 
0	unfortunately , the does not offer voice dialing like my previous phone , but other features it outweighs shortcoming . 
0	not , the 6610 does unfortunately offer voice dialing like my previous phone , but the other outweighs it packs features this shortcoming . 
0	For one thing, The diapers always get jammed in it.
0	For one thing, The diaper always come jammed in it.
0	For ane one thing, The diapers always get jammed in it.
1	the auto setting does a great job most of the time but there are manual settings for those who want them . 
1	the those setting does the great job most of a time but auto are manual settings for there who want them . 
1	the car pose does a capital job most of the time but there are manual settings for those who deprivation them . 
1	my dad also has an apex tv and it was another great value for the money . 
1	for dad also money an apex tv and it was another great value my the has . 
1	my dad likewise has an apex tv and it was another peachy prize for the money . 
1	9 ) wake-up feature that allows you to set up the player to wake up and play selected music at a specified time . 
1	9 ) feature that allows you to set the player to up and play selected music at specified time . 
1	9 ) wake-up feature that allows you improving to set up the player to wake up and upwards play selected music at a specified time . 
1	It was a good player when it worked and I loved the design.  
1	It was a beneficial player when it worked and I loved the plan.  
1	It was a good player when it worked IT and I loved the design.  
1	 I seem to be getting 5 to 6 hours on the battery which is sufficient for my needs .
1	 I sufficient to be getting 5 to 6 hours on my battery which is seem for the needs .
1	 I seem to be pose v to VI hours on the battery which is sufficient for my needs .
0	 Problems with the sound quality were evident right away, but even I couldn't imagine they'd be that bad. 
0	 Problems with the voice quality were discernible mighty away, but even I couldn't imagine they'd be that bad. 
0	 Problems with the sound quality were evident right away, but even I glucinium couldn't imagine they'd be that just bad. 
1	and for those that are intrested the recharger works anywhere in the world ( and is quite small ). 
1	and for those that are intrested the recharger works anywhere in the world ( represent and is quite small ). 
1	and for those that are intrested the recharger turn anywhere in the humankind ( and is quite small-scale ). 
1	 Changing brightness is easy , with four presets and one user changeable -LRB- I leave that at minimum brightness for at night -RRB- .
1	 Changing is easy , with four presets and one changeable -LRB- I leave at minimum brightness for at night - .
1	 Changing leisurely brightness is easy , with four presets and one user changeable -LRB- dark I leave that at minimum brightness for at night -RRB- .
1	operating its many features is easy and often obvious - i 'm no annie lebovitz , but i was able to figure out most of its abilities just messing around with it at a camera store . 
1	operating its many often is easy and features obvious - i 'm no annie lebovitz , but i around able to it out most of its abilities just messing was with figure at a camera store . 
1	manoeuver its many boast is wanton and often obvious - i 'm no annie lebovitz , but i was able to build out most of its abilities just messing about with it at a camera fund . 
1	A distinct IPod relation is evident with white colored cables, power plug and the very nice Zen case with a white rubber inside covering.  
1	IPod relation evident with white colored cables, power plug and the very nice Zen case with a white rubber inside.  
1	A distinct IPod relation white evident inside is colored cables, power plug and the very nice Zen case with a white rubber with covering.  
1	Aside from a 6MB++ built-in phone memory, there's a 32MB MMC card that goes with it!
1	Aside from a++ built-in memory, there's 32MB MMC card that goes with it!
1	apart from a 6MB++ built-in telephone memory, there's a 32MB MMC card that spell with it!
1	 I spent 1.5 hours on the phone with their Tech Support -LRB- you get connected right away and do n't have to wait -RRB- and got at least my iMac and MacBook back online .
1	 I spent 1.5 i hours on the phone with their Tech Support -LRB- you get i connected proper right away and do n't have to one wait -RRB- and got at least my iMac and MacBook back online .
1	 I spent 1.5 hours on the phone with their Tech livelihood -LRB- you bewilder colligate right by and do n't have to await -RRB- and start at least my iMac and MacBook cover online .
0	3 . mediasource is an application with serious user interface flaws . 
0	trine . mediasource is an application with dangerous user interface flaws . 
0	3 . mediasource is an application with serious user three interface flaws . 
0	quite simply , the firmware and / or the os that control this thing is not ready for prime time . 
0	quite simply , ready firmware and / or the for that control this thing is not the os prime time . 
0	quite but , the firmware and / or the os that check this matter is not ready for prime time . 
0	so , i 've had it for a month , and the headphone jack went out . 
0	so , i 've had it jack a month , and the headphone for went out . 
0	so , i 've had it for a month , and the headphone Jack start out . 
1	 The router recognized my other wifi devices easily , and further setup was a breeze .
1	 The router other my recognized wifi devices easily , and further setup was a breeze .
1	 know The router recognized my other wifi devices easily , and further setup was a breeze .
0	i also did n't like the way it displayed information way down into the screen when you are in zoom mode . 
0	i displayed did down like the way it also information way n't into the screen when you are in zoom mode . 
0	i also did n't like the way it displayed information way down into the screen expose when you are in likewise zoom mode . 
1	They were easy to setup with plenty of power to hog through anything I have encountered.
1	They were easy apparatus to setup with plenty of power to hog through anything bump I have encountered.
1	They were easy to setup with plenty of hog through anything have encountered.
1	Secondly, all info can be sent to a computer and w/o the hassle of USB wires.
1	Secondly, all info can be sent to a computer and angstrom w/o the tungsten hassle of USB wires.
1	sent, o info can be Secondly to a computer and w/all the hassle of USB wires.
1	 The color is red and is so attractive !!
1	 The tinge is red and is so attractive !!
1	 The and is red color is so attractive !!
1	 This is an excellent value .
1	 is an excellent value .
1	 This is an excellent prise .
0	my one issue with the mediasource software is that , despite pulling id3 tag data from the cdds service , the ripping process fails to populate the " year " field . 
0	my one issue with the software is that , despite pulling tag data from the cdds service , the ripping fails populate the " year " . 
0	my one issue to the mediasource software is that , despite pulling id3 tag data from the fails service , ripping the process cdds with populate the " year " field . 
1	the quality is superb . 
1	the timbre is superb . 
1	the is quality superb . 
0	But not good enough for me.
0	But not good adequate enough for me.
0	But not for enough good me.
1	I can connect to my computer via bluetooth to transfer images, calender events, contacts and anything else.
1	I can connect my via bluetooth to transfer images, calender events, contacts anything else.
1	I can connect to my computer via bluetooth to carry-over trope, calender events, adjoin and anything else.
1	 I believe this are great speakers but you also have to accept the audio capabilities of your Desktop Computer or Laptop , I try this at BestBuy and the sound was perfect for this small speaker , now when I got home and try them on my desktop the sound was ok , I have a Mac and I wanted to avoid installing a sound card since it 's a nightmare to find a fully compatible PCI card , I found a great plug-in for Mac I-tunes , SRS Iwow , after installing the demo I was totally impress by the quality of sound , just a great alternative for mac users .
1	 I believe this are great speakers but demonstrate you also sound have to accept the audio capabilities of your Desktop Computer or Laptop , I try this at BestBuy and the sound full was levelheaded perfect for this small speaker , now full when I got home and try them on complete my desktop the sound was ok , I have a establish Mac and I wanted to avoid installing a sound card since it 's a nightmare to find a fully compatible PCI card , I found a great humble plug-in for Mac I-tunes , SRS Iwow , after affect installing the demo I was totally impress by surgery the quality of sound , just merely a great alternative for mac users .
1	 ane believe this are groovy speakers but you also have to accept the sound capabilities of your desktop Computer or laptop , I adjudicate this at BestBuy and the sound was stark for this belittled speaker , now when I experience domicile and try them on my desktop the sound was ok , I have a mackintosh and I require to avoid installing a heavy menu since it 's a nightmare to feel a fully compatible PCI card , I constitute a groovy board for Mac I-tunes , SRS Iwow , after installing the demo I was totally impress by the quality of levelheaded , just a smashing choice for mac users .
1	the storage capacity is great . 
1	the storage represent capacity is great . 
1	the memory capacity is great . 
1	other than that , this is a perfect phone for those of us with no patience for flips . 
1	flips than that , this is a perfect phone for those us of with no patience for other . 
1	other than that , early this is a perfect phone for A those of us with no patience for flips . 
1	The blue backlight is pretty cool. 
1	The blue cool is pretty backlight. 
1	blue backlight is pretty cool. 
1	i could make phone calls from locations i previously could not ( like my apartment ) . 
1	i could ca-ca phone forebode from locations i previously could not ( like my apartment ) . 
1	i could make phone wish calls from locations i previously could not ( like my apartment ) . 
1	9 3x built-in optical zoom is a lot for this price range . 
1	9 3x built-in optical zoom this a lot for is price range . 
1	9 3x built-in optical zoom is a lot price range . 
0	Configuring it for a home network was almost impossible.
0	Configuring it for a home meshing was almost impossible.
0	Configuring it for a home network almost impossible.
1	You need to know absolutely nothing about setting up the network.  
1	You need to know absolutely nothing network setting up the about.  
1	You need to absolutely nothing about setting up network.  
0	i think this is it 's biggest flaw . 
0	i think this is it 's biggest cerebrate flaw . 
0	i think this is it 's flaw . 
1	as often mentioned , the scroll tab is average , however , not difficult to use or horrible . 
1	as often mentioned , tablet the scroll tab is average , however , not curlicue difficult to use or horrible . 
1	as often mentioned , the scroll however is not , tab , average difficult to use or horrible . 
1	Before you run out and buy an iPod, understand something: there are REASONS the Zen is worth encountering this kind of hassle, principally excellent (for MP3) sound quality.  
1	Before run out and an iPod, understand something: there are REASONS the is worth encountering kind of hassle, principally excellent (for MP3) quality.  
1	Before you run hassle and buy kind iPod, understand something: there are Zen the REASONS is worth encountering this an of out, principally excellent (for MP3) sound quality.  
1	Power for the tech-savvy, ease of use for the less fortunate. 
1	Power for the tech-savvy, ease of use fortunate the less for. 
1	Power for the tech-savvy, relieve of habituate for the less fortunate. 
0	 Especially due to the odd sized plug designed by D-Link .
0	 Especially due to the odd sized plug size designed by D-Link .
0	 Especially due to the unpaired sized punch designed by D-Link .
0	 I 'm not very happy with this machine or Acer .
0	 I 'm not with this machine or Acer .
0	 I 'm not very happy with this car machine or Acer .
1	 When I saw a lot of plastic where there was metal I was concerned that the sound would not be as good .
1	 When I good the lot of plastic where there was metal I was concerned that a sound would not be as saw .
1	 When unity learn a lot of plastic where there was metallic I was concerned that the sound would not be as right .
1	It works with a minimum of fuss.
1	It knead with a minimum of fuss.
1	It works with minimum of fuss.
1	i am very pleased with it so far . 
1	i am very real pleased with it so far . 
1	i am very pleased with it so Interahamwe . 
0	T610 supports only midi files.
0	T610 charge supports only midi files.
0	T610 backing only midi files.
1	ripping & transferring tunes is basic , and pretty fast ( even on a 1.1 usb ) . 
1	pretty & transferring tunes is basic , and ripping fast ( even on a 1.1 usb ) . 
1	ripping & transferring tunes is basic , and pretty fast ( even on 1. usb ) . 
1	 When I put it to use for my daughter 's graduation party in longer lengths , the speaker wire worked as expected , even out of doors .
1	 When iodin put it to use for my daughter 's graduation party in foresighted lengths , the speaker wire play as look , even out of threshold .
1	 When I put it to use for my daughter 's graduation party in longer lengths , worked as , out of doors .
0	The Linksys technical support site has nothing about configuring the router for use with a Mac. 
0	The Linksys technical support site has nothing the router for use with a. 
0	HA The Linksys technical support site zero has nothing about configuring the router for use with a Mac. 
0	i have sent my ad2600 back to apex because it wo n't play certain disney and other dvd movies ( no disc message ) . 
0	i have sent my ad2600 back to apex because it wo n't play certain disney and other content dvd movies ( no disc record message ) . 
0	i have sent my ad2600 back to apex because message dvd n't play certain disney and other wo movies ( no disc it ) . 
0	negative : impossibly tiny and difficult to operate , barely visible , power button . 
0	negative : impossibly tiny and to operate , barely visible , power . 
0	negative : barely tiny and difficult to operate , impossibly visible , power button . 
0	size - bigger than the ipod 
0	size - than the ipod 
0	size - bigger sizing than the ipod 
1	this has so many capabilities that you 'll always have room for new technologies as they evolve . 
1	this has so many capabilities that you 'll always have room for new novel technologies as newly they evolve . 
1	this has so many capabilities that you 'll constantly have room for fresh technologies as they germinate . 
0	i would have liked to have given it 4 1/2 stars docking that 1/2 star only for the size . 
0	i would have liked have given it 4 1/2 docking that 1/2 star only for . 
0	i would have like to have make it quartet 1/deuce stars docking that 1/2 star only for the size . 
1	It is very easy to change bits without removing the router from the table and the shaft lock works great.
1	It is very easy be to change second bits without removing the router from the table and the shaft lock works great.
1	It router very easy to change shaft without is the removing from the table and the bits lock works great.
1	if you strictly use the lcd and not the view finder , i highly recommend the camera . 
1	if you use the lcd and not the finder , i highly recommend the . 
1	if LCD you catch strictly use the lcd and not the view finder , i highly recommend the camera . 
0	When you consider expandability (downloads via computer), the numerous features, two transmission programs and multiple storage devices, dependability - this is a phone that isn't easy to out-grow.
0	When you consider multiple (downloads via computer), the features numerous, two transmission programs and expandability storage devices, dependability - isn't is a phone that this easy to out-grow.
0	you consider expandability (downloads via computer), features, two transmission programs and multiple storage, dependability - this a phone that isn't easy to out-grow.
1	the 4G Ipod costs the same as this 5G Zen Micro. 
1	the 4G Ipod costs the same as Micro 5G Zen this. 
1	the 4G iPod costs the same as this 5G acid Micro. 
0	do not buy this product -- 
0	not buy this product -- 
0	do behave not buy this product -- 
1	and amazon.com has it for such a great price -- how can you go wrong ? 
1	and you.com how it for such a great price -- has can amazon go wrong ? 
1	and amazon.com axerophthol has it for such a great price -- how can you deliver go wrong ? 
1	easy to use : a lot of reviews has mentioned about this 
1	easy to use : a lot of reviews has slew mentioned about this 
1	easy to use : a batch of reviews has note about this 
1	I have stored 40 audio CDs and i still have close to 2.8 GB free.   
1	ace have stored 40 audio CDs and i still have close to 2.ogdoad GB gratuitous.   
1	I have stored 40 audio CDs and i still allay have close to XL 2.8 GB free.   
0	i was a little disappointed in the low end . 
0	inch i was a little disappointed in the low end . 
0	i a little disappointed in the low end . 
0	Stay away from this product!
0	Stay away from product this!
0	intersection Stay away from this product!
1	its easy to use and the sheer fun of being able to use an array of nikon accessories like the telephoto and wide-angle lenses is the proverbial icing on the cake . 
1	its leisurely to employ and the unmingled fun of being capable to usage an array of nikon accessories alike the telephoto and wide-angle lenses is the proverbial icing on the cake . 
1	its easy to use and the sheer comfortable fun of being able to use an array of nikon accessories like the telephoto and wide-angle lenses is the proverbial icing corresponding on the patty cake . 
0	Our Norton Internet/AV 2004 was terrible right from the get go, so I'd think that if SytemWorks is ok now, it should remain ok.
0	Our Norton Internet/AV was terrible right from the get go, think that SytemWorks is ok now, it should ok.
0	Our Norton Internet/AV go was terrible if from the it 2004, so I'd think that right SytemWorks is ok now, get should remain ok.
0	it could be a little bit bigger , but it 's easy to get used to . 
0	it generate could be a little bit bigger , but it 's easy beget to get used to . 
0	it could a little , but it 's easy to get used to . 
0	 I tried these speakers and found them to preform well below expectations for this price .
0	 I render these speakers and constitute them to preform well below expectations for this toll .
0	 I tried these speakers and found them Speaker to preform well below expectations under for this price .
1	There is an open-source firmware on the net which has tons of extra features.  
1	There is an open-source firmware on the internet which has tons of extra boast.  
1	There is an open-source firmware features the net which has tons of extra on.  
1	that 's a rare and valuable feature . 
1	that 's a rare valuable feature . 
1	that 's a rarified and valuable feature . 
1	In auto mode anyone can use it as a point and shoot camera.
1	In auto mode anyone can use it as a point and commode shoot camera.
1	In auto fashion anyone can use it as a stage and shoot camera.
1	sound settings can be adjusted for personal preference . 
1	levelheaded settings can be adjusted for personal preference . 
1	sound settings be adjusted for personal preference . 
1	 These speakers are incredibly amazing .
1	 These speakers are incredibly .
1	 These speakers are incredibly vex .
1	Oh, and another is the cool "halo" light that surrounds the touch pad, and light's up when you touch the screen, and how the light glows when the Zen is connected to the computer. 
1	Oh, and another is the cool "aureole" illumination that surrounds the touch aggrandise, and light's up when you touch the screen, and how the luminosity radiate when the Zen is attached to the computer. 
1	Oh, and another is Ohio the cool "halo" light upwardly that surrounds the touch pad, and light's up when you touch the screen, and disturb how the light glows when the Zen is connected to the computer. 
0	I find it a bit difficult to manage the very tiny buttons and impossible to read the icons without my reading glasses on.
0	I find it a ikon bit difficult morsel to manage the very tiny buttons and impossible to read the icons without my reading glasses on.
0	I a bit difficult to manage the very tiny and impossible to read the icons without my reading glasses.
1	the phone book is very user-friendly and the speakerphone is excellent . 
1	the call book is very user-friendly and the speakerphone is splendid . 
1	is phone book is very user-friendly and the speakerphone the excellent . 
0	I just wished that it didn't fill up so fast!
0	I soh just wished that it didn't fill up so fast!
0	unity just wished that it didn't satisfy up so fast!
1	The fact that has an open-source firmware makes it a great option in my opinion. 
1	The fact that has great open-source my makes it a an option in firmware opinion. 
1	The fact that has an open-source firmware microcode makes it a great choice option in my opinion. 
0	I'm probably the only person that dislikes the iTunes software. 
0	I'm probably the only somebody person that dislikes the iTunes software. 
0	I'm person the only probably that dislikes the iTunes software. 
1	It's easy to use (just a flip of the lid, and the diaper is gone!).
1	is easy to flip (just a use of the lid, and the diaper It's gone!).
1	It's eyelid easy to use (just a flip interchange of the lid, and the diaper is gone!).
1	i simply love this feature . 
1	i simply love this lineament . 
1	simply love this feature . 
1	 The woofer is much larger .
1	 The woofer is much orotund .
1	 woofer is much larger .
0	It is not reliable.  
0	IT is not reliable.  
0	It is not IT reliable.  
1	overall it is the best camera on the market . 
1	overall it is the safe camera on the market . 
1	overall it is the best camera the market . 
1	Tough as nails. 
1	nails as Tough. 
1	Tough as nab nails. 
1	nokia and t-mobile really teamed up well on this baby . 
1	nokia and on really teamed up well t-mobile this baby . 
1	nokia t-mobile really teamed up well this baby . 
1	 For those of you looking for excellent sound reproduction , expecially during a raging Decepticon battle , look no further .
1	 For attend those of you ramp looking for excellent sound reproduction , expecially during a raging Decepticon battle , look no further .
1	 For those of you wait for excellent sound reproduction , expecially during a cod Decepticon battle , search no further .
1	 Easy Set Up .
1	 Easy Set .
1	 Easy Up Set .
1	price , along with the replaceable battery ( which i understand apple charges a small fortune to replace - as well as the hassle of returning it ) were the two main factors on why i picked the nomad . 
1	, with replaceable battery ( which i apple a small fortune to replace - as well as the hassle returning it ) were the two main factors on why i picked nomad . 
1	price , along with the replaceable battery ( which i as apple were a small fortune to replace - as well understand hassle the of returning it ) charges picked two main factors on why i the the nomad . 
1	 The D-Link has a ton of features including USB printer sharing , two wireless networks -LRB- one not connected to the LAN -RRB- , and a really comprehensive settings menu .
1	 The D-Link has a ton including RRB- of USB printer sharing , two wireless networks -the one not connected to LRB- LAN -features , and a really comprehensive settings menu .
1	 The D-Link has a ton of features including USB printer share , two radio network -LRB- one not tie to the LAN -RRB- , and a really comp settings menu .
1	I wanted this product because i didn't have to buy special bags for it and it also came highly recommended.
1	I product i didn't have to buy special bags for it and also came highly recommended.
1	I wanted this product because i didn't have to purchase special base for it and it too came highly urge.
1	I love that you can create custom playlists, and organize music in so many different ways.  
1	I you create custom playlists, and organize music in so many different ways.  
1	I love that so can create custom many, and organize music in you playlists different ways.  
1	However, there is a more detailed PDF manual on the CD (and online) that should answer any questions about the operational features of the Zen Micro. 
1	However, there is a notwithstanding more detailed solvent PDF manual on the CD (and online) that should answer any questions about the operational features whatever of the Zen Micro. 
1	However, there is a more detailed PDF manual on the CD (and online) that should answer questions about features of the. 
0	it was n't as easy to fast forward or pause a song than it was with a regular walkman . 
0	it a n't as forward to fast easy or pause was song than it was with a regular walkman . 
0	it was n't as easy to fast forward or pause a song than it IT was with intermission a regular walkman . 
0	That said, I am disappointed in the plunging mechanism.
0	That said, I am frustrated in the plunging mechanism.
0	That said, I am in the plunging mechanism.
1	 Excellent heavy build quality , and the stands are not imposing and blend fairly well into the rest of my furniture .
1	 heavy build quality , and the stands are and blend fairly well into rest of my furniture .
1	 Excellent heavy build quality , and the blend are not imposing and stands fairly well into the my of rest furniture .
1	Since I use it in a table, I don't use the plunge feature, but if I ever need it I've got it.
1	Since IT I use it in a table, I don't use the plunge feature, but if I ever need it I've got plunk it.
1	Since use it in a table, I don't the plunge feature, if I ever need it got it.
0	1 ) fragile ( i broke the 1st one within 10 days ) 
0	1 ) fragile ( i broke the first 1st one within 10 days ) 
0	) fragile ( i broke the 1st one within 10 ) 
1	you can do other different things with it such as choose what kind of " now playing " interface , you can see the interface as modern or classical . 
1	you can can other classical things with it such as choose what kind of " now playing " interface , interface do see the you as modern or different . 
1	can do other different things with such choose what kind of " now playing " , can see the interface as modern or classical . 
0	- no option for caller-id pictures or individualized ringtones . 
0	- no option for caller-id pictures or individualize ringtones . 
0	- no option caller-id pictures or individualized ringtones . 
0	the eax sound enhancement feature did n't do enough for me and the custom eq was a limited 5 band eq . 
0	the eax sound vocalise enhancement feature did express n't do enough for me and the custom eq was a limited 5 band eq . 
0	the eax levelheaded enhancement feature did n't do enough for me and the usage eq was a express pentad band eq . 
0	 SETUP SOFTWARE - For my application , I found the setup software on the enclosed CD to be useless .
0	 SETUP SOFTWARE - For my the , I found application setup useless on the enclosed CD to be software .
0	 SETUP SOFTWARE - For my application , I establish the apparatus software on the wrap CD to be useless .
0	 When I reset it , like unplugging it and plugging it back in , I would get the N speeds 150 mbps the first time it connected and would transfer files at that speed , then usually next time I connected it would drop back to 65 or 52 mbps and stay at these speeds .
0	 When I reset it , like unplugging it and plugging it endorse in , I would flummox the n speeds 150 mbps the outset clock it associate and would transferee files at that speed , then usually next sentence I connected it would driblet back to 65 or 52 mbps and stay at these upper .
0	 following When I reset it , like unplugging it sentence and plugging it back in , I would get the N speeds 150 mbps the first time At it connected and would transfer files at that speed , sentence then usually next time I connected it would drop back to 65 or 52 mbps and stay at come these speeds .
1	nokia was my first nonflip phone , and i 'm glad i decided to go with them . 
1	was my first nonflip phone , and 'm glad i decided to with them . 
1	follow nokia was my first nonflip phone , and i 'm glad i decided firstly to go with them . 
1	And the firewall came with a wizard which made it effortless to configure it to my LAN.
1	And the firewall came with my wizard it made it effortless to configure which to a LAN.
1	And casual the firewall came with a wizard which made it maven effortless to configure it to my LAN.
0	 However , some of the latest bandwidth hogging software was starting to bog it down , to the point where I was having to reset it and my computer far too often in order to reclaim a dropped Internet connection .
0	 However , some consume of the latest bandwidth hogging software was starting to bog it down , to the point where I was having figurer to reset excessively it and my computer far too often overly in order to reclaim a dropped Internet connection .
0	 However , some of the late bandwidth hogging software was get to bog it down , to the period where I was having to reset it and my computer FAR too much in ordinate to domesticate a dropped Internet connection .
1	It holds a lot of diapers, not to mention the odor!
1	holds a lot of diapers, not to the odor!
1	holds It a lot of diapers, not to mention the odor!
1	 It has a USB port -- so you can plug in a USB-powered drive and have network-accessible storage .
1	 It has a USB port -- so you can plug in a USB-powered drive and .
1	 It has a USB port -- so you can quid in a USB-powered ram and have network-accessible depot .
1	Its the easiest thing to setup i thought, and i am only 16...So with all that said, BUY THE ROUTER!!!!     
1	the easiest to setup i thought, and i only 16...So with all that said, BUY THE!!!!     
1	Its the well-off matter to setup i opine, and i am only 16...So with all that enunciate, BUY THE ROUTER!!!!     
1	I love the diaper champ, it is really easy to use and since you can use regular garbage bags it doesn't cost an arm and a leg for refills.
1	doesn't love the diaper champ, it is really easy to use and for you can use regular garbage bags it I cost leg arm and a an since refills.
1	I passion the diaper champ, it is really well-heeled to use and since you can expend regular garbage purse it doesn't cost an subdivision and a leg for refills.
1	I love this pail!
1	love I this pail!
1	I love bucket this pail!
0	it does tend to run quite hot and should be given lots of room for air circulation . 
0	it does tend to run quite hot and should be commit band of room for tune circulation . 
0	it does tend to run given of and should be quite lots hot room for air circulation . 
1	So far it has been very durable (other than the little pads on the earbuds), but those aren't really necessary as I find them comfortable on their own. 
1	So just far it has been very durable (requisite other than the little pads on the earbuds), but those aren't really witness necessary as I find them comfortable on their own. 
1	So far it has comfortable very durable (the than other little pads on the earbuds), their those aren't really necessary as I find them been on but own. 
1	For the money, I'm not sure you can do better.
1	For the money, I'm not certain you can do considerably.
1	For the money, I'm not sure coiffe you can do better.
1	There are 3 computers in my house all getting wireless connection from this router, and everybody is happy with it. 
1	There are three computers in my home all mother wireless connective from this router, and everybody is happy with it. 
1	There are 3 Indiana computers in my house all getting wireless follow connection from this router, and everybody is happy with it. 
1	This is my second digital camera, but I'm much more impressed with the Canon S100 Digital Elph than I EVER was with my Kodak DC240.
1	This but my Kodak digital camera, is was much more impressed with the Canon S100 Digital Elph than I EVER I'm with my second DC240.
1	This is my mo digital camera, but I'm much more ingrain with the canon S100 digital Elph than i EVER was with my Kodak DC240.
1	Setup is totally breeze and Linksys's web site is pretty easy to navigate.  
1	Setup is totally breeze and Linksys's web site is pretty easy navigate to.  
1	Setup jolly is totally breeze and Linksys's web site is pretty easy to navigate.  
0	every time nomad thinks the file is corrupt the os freezes . 
0	every time nomad thinks the file corrupt os freezes . 
0	every time nomad thinks the os is corrupt the file freezes . 
1	i 've had it for about 2 weeks and it 's the best player i 've seen , and used , ever . 
1	i 've the it ever about 2 weeks and it 's had best player i 've seen , and used , for . 
1	i 've had it for about 2 weeks and it 's the full musician i 've image , and victimized , ever . 
1	i am really impressed by this dvd player . 
1	i am impressed by this dvd player . 
1	i player really impressed by this dvd am . 
0	Mine was so bad I had to to use a hammer to free it (and this is why I'm giving it 4, not 5 stars).
0	Mine was so bad ane had to to use a hammer to release it (and this is why I'm sacrifice it iv, not quintet stars).
0	Mine was so bad I had to to personify use a hammer to free it (and this fin is quintet why I'm giving it 4, not 5 stars).
1	For a sleeker, smaller and more "average" MP3 player the Nitrus is great but the iPod blows it out of the water - the interface is great and the design is wonderful.
1	For a sleeker, smaller more "average" player the Nitrus is great but blows it out of the water - the interface and the design is wonderful.
1	For a sleeker, smaller and more "average" MP3 axerophthol player the Nitrus live is great but the iPod blows it out of the water - the interface is great and the design just is wonderful.
1	We don't have to worry about running out of refills with this diaper pail!
1	We don't have to worry about running out of refills with birth this diaper pail!
1	We don't of to worry about running out have refills with this diaper pail!
1	in addition it comes with a sleek and powerful headset . 
1	in accession it get with a sleek and powerful headset . 
1	in it comes with sleek and powerful headset . 
0	 I will have to wholeheartedly agree with others here about the quality of this speaker .
0	 unity will have to wholeheartedly accord with others here about the quality of this talker .
0	 I will have wholeheartedly agree others here about the quality this speaker .
1	Not only is it much more cost effective (you can use regular trash bags rather than Refills at $5 a pop), it is easier to use and clean, and has a larger capacity.
1	Not only is it lots more cost effective (you can use regular trash udder quite than Refills at $5 a pop), it is well-to-do to manipulation and fresh, and has a larger capacity.
1	Not only let is it much more cost effective (you can use regular trash bags rather than Refills at $5 axerophthol a pop), it is easier to use and clean, and has a represent larger capacity.
0	 Avoid this model like the plague .
0	 Avoid this model like the chevy .
0	 Avoid this model like plague .
1	the picturers are amazing . 
1	the picturers are amaze . 
1	the are picturers amazing . 
1	- equipment included is average , but that is n't a big deal since thats not what you are buying it for . 
1	- equipment included is average , but that is a big deal thats not you are buying for . 
1	- equipment included is average , but that is n't a big deal since thats not what you are buying bounteous it IT for . 
1	The Zen was an impressive purchase and I would highly recommend it to anyone using Napster.  
1	The Elvis was an telling purchase and I would highly recommend it to anyone victimisation Napster.  
1	purchase was Zen an impressive The and I would highly recommend it to anyone using Napster.  
1	 Office Starter Web Cam is also fairly good Light in weight and elegant Cons : I wo n't say anything bad as you are just paying 280 for this net book .
1	 Office Starter Web Cam is also fairly good Light in net weight and elegant Cons : I wo n't say anything bad as you live are just paying 280 web for this net book .
1	 Office dispatcher Web Cam is also moderately good light-headed in weight and elegant rook : I wo n't say anything badly as you are just pay 280 for this net book .
0	The only problem is that occasionally the joystick does start to dig into your thumb while gaming.
0	to only problem is that occasionally thumb joystick does start The dig into your the while gaming.
0	The only is occasionally the joystick does start dig into your thumb while gaming.
0	Even after all the nightmare sound problems, I'd still half-way like this product if it kept it's promise; the ability to store 1500 songs. 
0	Even after ability the nightmare sound problems, I'd still half-way like this product if it songs it's promise; the all to store 1500 kept. 
0	Even after all the nightmare sound problems, I'd still half-way foretell like this product if it kept it's promise; the ability to store afterwards 1500 songs. 
0	As I wrote, this COULD have been a great product, but expect hidden charges (read gross profiteering and price gouging) as the company royally sticks you on every conceivable accessory necessary for normal daily usage.     
0	royally I wrote, this COULD have been a great product, but expect company daily (read gross profiteering and price gouging) as the hidden As every you on sticks conceivable accessory necessary for normal charges usage.     
0	As I wrote, COULD have been a great product, hidden charges (read gross profiteering and price gouging) as the company royally sticks you on every necessary normal daily.     
0	because the "engineers" at Creative screwed up the design of the headphone jack. 
0	because the "engineers" at Creative screwed up jack design of the headphone the. 
0	because the "engineers" Creative screwed up the design of the headphone. 
1	That's it for now, what are you doing still reading this, click the "Add to Cart" button already!      
1	That's it for already, what to you doing still reading this, click the "Add are Cart" button now!      
1	That's it for now, what are you doing lull record this, cluck the "Add to Cart" button already!      
0	Well, I got my second player, and right out of the box it wasn't working right and once again, after consulting customer se!
0	Well, I develop my bit player, and correctly out of the box it wasn't working right and once again, after consulting client se!
0	Well, I got my second player, and right right of the box it customer working out and once again, after consulting wasn't se!
1	 My 2 XBoxs , Ipod , Iphone , Ipad are all catching a nice strong signal .
1	 My 2 strong , Ipod , Iphone , Ipad are all catching a nice XBoxs signal .
1	 My 2 follow XBoxs , Ipod , Iphone , Ipad are all catching a nice strong signal .
1	Built like a tank, yet nimble enough to be comfortably used with the Leigh dovetail jig.
1	Built like a tank, yet nimble jig enough to be comfortably used with gigue the Leigh dovetail jig.
1	Built like a tank, yet nimble enough comfortably used with the dovetail jig.
1	I never had a single problem.
1	I never had a exclusive problem.
1	I never a single problem.
1	We just buy the smaller bags that come like 250 to a roll and are sented and they are like $6.00 and they work great.
1	sented just buy the smaller bags that come like 250 to a roll and and We are they are like $they.00 and 6 work great.
1	We just buy the smaller that like 250 to roll and are sented they are like $6.00 they work great.
0	it is some protection for the unit , but for useability , forget it . 
0	only it is some protection for the unit , but for useability , forget it . 
0	it is the protection for some unit , but for useability , forget it . 
0	it 's kinda heavy , kinda like having a walkman . 
0	rather it 's kinda heavy , kinda like having a walkman . 
0	having 's kinda heavy , kinda like it a walkman . 
1	 Reliable , Highly available and ease of administration and forget about me -LRB- Do n't bother anymore -RRB- equipment !
1	 reliable , Highly available and repose of administration and forget about me -LRB- brawl n't bother anymore -RRB- equipment !
1	 LRB- , Highly available and ease of administration and forget equipment me -Reliable Do n't bother anymore -RRB- about !
1	the player is fast and sounds great , it also has many options like slowing or speeding up the music , or making it sound like you 're hearing the music in a huge auditorium . 
1	hurry the medicine player is fast and sounds great , it also has immense many options like slowing or speeding up the music , or making it sound like you 're hearing the music in a huge auditorium . 
1	the the is fast and sounds great , it also has many options a slowing or speeding up the player , or making it music like you 're hearing music sound in like huge auditorium . 
1	Second, the setup CD actually worked perfectly. 
1	Second, the setup CD actually shape perfectly. 
1	Second, the actually CD setup worked perfectly. 
0	 You can't change the battery, so I don't know what I'm going to do in a year or so.
0	 year can't change the battery, so I don't know what I'm going to so in a You or do.
0	 You can't deepen the battery, so I don't bang what I'm pass to do in a year or so.
0	the top did not fit well into the unit . ( felt defective ) 
0	the summit did not fit well into the unit . ( experience defective ) 
0	the not fit well into the unit . ( felt defective ) 
0	 Slow to download and run certain programs Wish you the best and hope my review helped !
0	 Slow to download and lean certain programs Wish you the honest and hope my revaluation helped !
0	 Slow to download and run certain programs Wish my the best and hope you review helped !
1	the player 's software is very easy to use and very good . 
1	use player 's software is very easy to the and very good . 
1	the player 's software is very easy and very good . 
1	first let me say that it is much smaller than it looks on the web and it also looks better . 
1	first let me say that it is much smaller than it looks count on the web and it also looks WWW better . 
1	first let me say that it is much belittled than it looks on the vane and it also front respectable . 
1	While it didn't have all the features I would have liked, it was better than anything else I could find at the time.
1	While it didn't have all the would have liked, it better than anything else I could find the time.
1	While it didn't have all I the features would have liked, it was better than else anything I could find at the time.
1	nokia does not disappoint in this model . 
1	non nokia does not disappoint in this model . 
1	nokia does disappoint in this model . 
0	 We can start by losing the shiny miracle-material cover that you can literally scratch just by looking at it wrong, and thus eliminate the need for third-party "iSkin" protective covers for an extra thirty bucks.
0	 We can start by losing an shiny miracle-material cover that you can literally scratch the by looking at it for, and need eliminate just thus for third-party "iSkin" protective covers wrong the extra thirty bucks.
0	 We can starting by losing the shiny miracle-material extend that you can literally scrub just by await at it wrong, and thus eliminate the involve for third-party "iSkin" protective hide for an special thirty bucks.
0	 Someday , your going to need support , and Acer 's technical support department is the next to worthless .
0	 siemens Someday , your going to need support , and Acer 's technical support section department is the next to worthless .
0	 Someday , your going to postulate reinforcement , and Acer 's technical patronize department is the next to worthless .
1	1) Great audio quality overall.
1	Great) 1 audio quality overall.
1	1) choice Great audio quality overall.
1	The battery life is not that of the Casio's but its good and your going to get better pictures in my opionion with the battery life youve got. 
1	The battery life is not that of the Casio's but its good and your expiration to cause skilful depiction in my opionion with the battery life youve perplex. 
1	The battery life is not that of its Casio's but the good and your going to in better pictures get my opionion with the youve life battery got. 
0	The product also leaves a faint smell in the room.  
0	The product also farewell a faint flavour in the room.  
0	The product also leaves a parting faint smell in the room.  
1	i am very pleased so far . 
1	very am i pleased so far . 
1	i am very pleased so embody far . 
1	 I've used the Corporate edition at work without any problems ever.
1	 I've used the astatine Corporate edition at work without any problems ever.
1	 the used I've Corporate edition at work without any problems ever.
1	but this by far is the best phone out there right now!
1	but this by far is thither the best phone out there right now!
1	but this by far is the respectable phone out there powerful now!
0	4 ) the viewfinder is borderuer lcd scoying . 
0	quaternity ) the viewfinder is borderuer lcd scoying . 
0	4 ) LCD the viewfinder is borderuer lcd scoying . 
1	the battery is alot better than most of the phones out there . 
1	the battery is alot better most of phones out there . 
1	the battery is alot better than most of the out phones there . 
0	My other nit is that it didn't include at least some kind of carrying case for everything.  
0	My other nit is that it didn't include showcase at least some admit kind of carrying case for everything.  
0	My other is that didn't include at least some kind of carrying case for.  
1	It works great.
1	It works plant great.
1	great works It.
0	The battery life of this phone is at most 2 days and at least one day at excessive use.
0	The battery life this phone is at most 2 days and at one day at use.
0	The shelling life of this phone is at most 2 days and at least unrivaled day at excessive purpose.
1	It was also the most appealing.   
1	It was also the attract most appealing.   
1	It also the most appealing.   
0	if you hold down the scroll wheel too long ( which is common if you have a lot of songs to sort through ) , it will get " stuck " rapidly going through the songs and wo n't stop until several seconds after you let your finger off of it . 
0	if you book down the scroll rack too long ( which is common if you have a fate of songs to classify through ) , it will cause " stupefy " apace going through the songs and wo n't stop until several minute after you Lashkar-e-Taiba your finger off of it . 
0	if you hold down stuck scroll going too long ( which is common if you have a lot of songs to the sort ) , it will get " the " rapidly wheel through through songs of wo n't stop until several seconds after you let your finger off and it . 
1	great phone , easy to use , excellent network , no regrets ! ! ! 
1	great phone , easy to no , excellent network , use regrets ! ! ! 
1	great phone , easy to expend , excellent network , no regrets ! ! ! 
1	The heavy motor and continuously variable speed control let this router churn through everything I threw at it.
1	The lumbering motor and continuously variable speed control Lashkar-e-Tayyiba this router churn through everything I confuse at it.
1	The heavy motor and continuously variable speed control let this router churn through everything it.
1	reviews for sound quality are generally ( but not universally ) positive . 
1	reviews for voice select are generally ( but not universally ) positive . 
1	reviews for sound quality are generally ( but not ) . 
1	Wow - was that disappointing and we didn't even have it 6 months before it broke.
1	riot - was that disappointing and we didn't yet have it 6 months before it founder.
1	Wow - was that disappointing we and 6 even have it didn't months before it broke.
1	 In addition , it comes with a remote control .
1	 removed In addition , it comes with a remote control .
1	 In addition , it comes a remote control .
1	The program is fully featured, with much of what you'd want from a security program --
1	you'd program is fully featured, with much security what The want from a of program --
1	The program is fully featured, with much of what guarantor you'd want from a security surety program --
1	very simple to use . 
1	simple to use . 
1	very simple to apply . 
0	My son tried it and he too couldn't change the speed without an assist.
0	My son tried it and too couldn't change the speed an assist.
0	My son seek it and he too couldn't change the accelerate without an assist.
0	 Others may have better luck , but I have never seen a flat-panel with such horrible viewing angles .
0	 Others may have better lot , but I have never ascertain a flat-panel with such horrible viewing fish .
0	 Others may have , but I have never seen flat-panel with such horrible viewing angles .
0	the included memory card is too small . 
0	the included memory card small too is . 
0	the likewise included memory card is too small . 
1	 You can even use the ipod to store files from your pc and export your outlook files to it.
1	 You can even use the ipod to store files from your pc outlook files to it.
1	 You even can use the ipod to your files from your pc and export store outlook files to it.
0	 I wanted the product to work soo bad , but it just did n't .
0	 I wanted the product to work soo bad , just did n't .
0	 I wanted the product to work soo bad , but it just unity did n't .
1	My SD500 focuses flawlessly, does not "whine" during video, and my pictures are razor sharp. 
1	My SD500 focalize flawlessly, does not "yawp" during video, and my characterisation are razor sharp. 
1	My SD500 focuses flawlessly, does not "" during video, and my are sharp. 
1	this is a great phone i have this phone since Feb 04 and i never have any problem at all.
1	this is a neat headphone i have this earphone since Feb 04 and i never have any trouble at all.
1	this is have great phone i have this phone since all 04 and i never a any problem at Feb.
0	Screen review could be better.  
0	Screen review could cover be better.  
0	Screen review could be amend.  
0	very bad quality . 
0	very defective quality . 
0	very bad identical quality . 
0	I've read about the issues with the scroll bar, but they must have taken care of that now. 
0	I've read about the issues with the scroll exclude, but they must have hold handle of that now. 
0	I've read about the issues with the scroll moldiness bar, but they must have taken care of that now. 
1	it has all the features one would need in a cellphone . 
1	it has all the features one a need in would cellphone . 
1	it necessitate has all the features one would need in a cellphone . 
0	i do here a constant high-pitched distorted sound , not to mention the volume does not seem to be loud enough . 
0	i do here a constant high-pitched distorted trashy sound , not to mention the volume does not Here seem to be loud enough . 
0	i do here a never-ending high-pitched distort level-headed , not to mention the loudness does not seem to be loud enough . 
1	 In all I 'd say this is a decent router for the money .
1	 In all I 'd say this is a decent router for amp the money .
1	 In all I 'd say is a router for the money .
1	i like the size and weight of this little critter . 
1	i similar the size and slant of this little critter . 
1	i like the size weight of this little . 
1	 They sound wonderful the only issue is where to put them when I move around .
1	 They well-grounded wonderful the only publish is where to put them when I run around .
1	 They sound wonderful the only issue is to put when I around .
1	Norton's memory usage on systems with 512 MB is very low.
1	Norton's memory usage on systems low 512 MB is very with.
1	Norton's usage on with 512 MB is very low.
1	I've had this phone for almost a year now and it has been nothing but great to use.
1	I've had this phone for about a year now and it has been nothing but neat to purpose.
1	I've had a phone for almost this year now and been has it nothing but great to use.
1	The soft start is a tremendous help for this type of operation.
1	The easy startle is a tremendous help for this type of operation.
1	The of start is a tremendous help for this type soft operation.
0	the reason i rated it a four is because of that darn diopter adjustment dial. its very small and hard to turn so you can 't get an accurate adjustment ( for those of you who do n't know what a diopter adjustment is , it is to adjust the focus of the viewfinder to your eyesight . ) 
0	the reason i rated it a four is because of that darn diopter adjustment dial. its very small and hard to turn so you can 't get an accurate adjustment ( for those equal of throne you who do n't know draw what a diopter adjustment is , it is IT to adjust the focus of the rat viewfinder to throne your eyesight . ) 
0	the reason i snitch it a four is because of that damn diopter adjustment dial. its very small and difficult to bit so you can 't stimulate an precise adaption ( for those of you who do n't recognise what a diopter adaption is , it is to adjust the pore of the finder to your eyesight . ) 
1	I love the Bluetooth; easy to use with a wireless Jabra headset.
1	I lovemaking the Bluetooth; well-to-do to use with a wireless Jabra headset.
1	I love the Bluetooth; easy to a with use wireless Jabra headset.
1	the infrared is a blessing if you have a previous nokia and want to transfer your old phone book to this phone , saved me hours of re-entering my numbers . 
1	the is a blessing if you a nokia and want to your old phone book to this phone , saved hours of re-entering my numbers . 
1	the numerate infrared is a blessing if you numerate have a previous nokia and want to transfer your old phone book to this phone , premature saved me hours of re-entering my numbers . 
0	 The labeling of firmware itself is a mystery and suggests that this company is just scrambling to put out fires .
0	 The labeling of firmware itself is a but mystery and suggests that this company is ardour just scrambling to put out fires .
0	 The labeling of firmware itself this a mystery and suggests that is company to just scrambling is put out fires .
1	I recommend T-Mobile and the Nokia 6600 without reservation.
1	I recommend T-Mobile and Nokia 6600 without reservation.
1	I booking recommend T-Mobile and the Nokia 6600 without reservation.
1	The earbud headphones are really nice. 
1	The earbud headphones are rattling really nice. 
1	The headphones earbud are really nice. 
0	Too bad they don't mention anything about how the CD can't be used with a Mac. 
0	Too how they don't mention anything the bad about CD can't be used with a Mac. 
0	Too bad they don't mention astir anything about how the nearly CD can't be used with a Mac. 
1	much cheaper than i-pod good looking player ( beautiful blue back-lit screen ) if you 've read about the player , some have complained about the lack of a viewing hole for the face when the case is on , but this is good because the face does n't get damaged / scratched fast transfer rate 
1	much cheaper hole damaged you looking player ( beautiful blue back-lit screen ) if because 've read the the player , some have complained about the good of a viewing than for the face when about case is on , but this is lack good the face does n't get i-pod / scratched fast transfer rate 
1	much than looking ( beautiful blue back-lit screen ) you 've about the player , some complained about the lack of a viewing hole for the face when the case is on , this good because face does n't get damaged / scratched fast transfer rate 
0	1 ) the included lens cap is very loose on the camera . 
0	1 ) the included is very loose on the camera . 
0	1 ) the admit lens cap is very liberate on the camera . 
0	it is embarassing getting phone calls from family members telling you that the dvd player you gave them less that 3 months ago is no longer working . 
0	it is embarassing be getting phone calls from family phallus members scream telling you that the dvd player you gave them less that 3 months ago is no longer working . 
0	it is embarassing become phone calls from family members tell you that the dvd histrion you present them less that 3 months ago is no longer knead . 
0	Not a killer problem, but not well done, either.
0	Not a problem, but not well done, either.
0	Not a killer non problem, but not well done, either.
0	 I conclude that the Ethernet transceiver D-Link uses is not as good as that of other brands .
0	 that the Ethernet transceiver D-Link uses is not as good as of other brands .
0	 brands conclude as the Ethernet transceiver D-Link uses is not as good that that of other I .
1	 Made call which was immediately answered by very helpful , competent tech .
1	 Made call which was immediately answered by very helpful , .
1	 Made call which was immediately helpful by very answered , competent tech .
1	The phone has such advantages as the excellent keypad and display, long rundown time and a good software suite.
1	long phone has such advantages time the excellent keypad and display, The rundown as and a good software suite.
1	The phone such as the excellent keypad and display, long rundown and a good software suite.
0	unfortunately it can 't play all of the dvd . 
0	unfortunately it can 't meet all of the dvd . 
0	unfortunately it can 't play all thyroxine of the dvd . 
