1	i am really impressed by this dvd player . 
1	i am really ingrain by this dvd player . 
1	i am really instill by this dvd player . 
0	i would not be inclined to purchase an apex product again . 
0	i would not be fain to purchase an apex intersection again . 
0	i would not be inclined to purchase an acme intersection again . 
0	The pluger gets stuck & you have to manually extract the mess.
0	The pluger stimulate stay & you have to manually extract the mess.
0	The pluger suffer stuck & you have to manually extract the stack.
0	I sent it back, as I think that the speed control is either poorly designed or defective.
0	I air it hinder, as I think that the speed control is either unwell designed or defective.
0	I beam it back, as I think that the speed check is either poorly project or defective.
0	To use the Creative Zen player with a subscription service, you need to go to Creative's web site, and download new software for your PC. 
0	To function the Creative acid player with a subscription service, you necessitate to decease to Creative's vane site, and download new software for your PC. 
0	To manipulation the creative Zen player with a subscription service, you require to fail to Creative's web site, and download newfangled software for your PC. 
1	the controls on the player are very simple , no need for a manual . 
1	the controls on the player are very bare , no take for a manual . 
1	the ensure on the player are very dewy-eyed , no need for a manual . 
0	it also has unproven battery life . 
0	it also has unproven battery living . 
0	it besides has unproven battery life . 
1	You willdefinitly appreciate the small size.
1	You willdefinitly appreciate the low size.
1	You willdefinitly appreciate the minor size.
1	the service from t-mobile is very good too . 
1	the service from t-mobile is very beneficial too . 
1	the service from t-mobile is very thoroughly too . 
0	The biggest red flag for me was the fact that although my cousin's player was relatively new, it was riddled with scratches.
0	The gravid red sag for me was the fact that although my cousin's player was relatively newfangled, it was riddled with fray.
0	The prominent ruby iris for me was the fact that although my cousin's player was relatively new, it was pervade with scratches.
1	sound quality is wonderful , i really like the smart volume sound normalization . 
1	sound tone is wonderful , i very like the smart volume sound normalization . 
1	vocalize quality is fantastic , i really like the smart volume sound normalization . 
1	I like some local stations, Stern, and NPR, and so the radio seemed like a great option.  
1	I alike some local stations, butt, and NPR, and so the radio seemed like a corking option.  
1	iodine like some local stations, inexorable, and NPR, and so the radio seemed care a great option.  
1	Sound: This is where I love Zen the most. 
1	effectual: This is where I love Zen the most. 
1	good: This is where I love Zen the most. 
1	so sit back , relax and brag to all your friends who paid a mountain of money for a dvd player that can 't do half the things this one can , and for a fraction of the price ! 
1	so baby-sit spine , slacken and crow to all your friends who paid a heap of money for a dvd player that can 't do half the affair this one can , and for a divide of the price ! 
1	so sit rearward , unwind and bluster to all your Quaker who paid a sight of money for a videodisc player that can 't do half the things this one can , and for a fraction of the toll ! 
0	only one complaint about the speakerphone , you can only activate the speakerphone feature once the person you are calling answers the phone , not while it is ringing . 
0	only one complaint about the speakerphone , you can only trigger the speakerphone feature once the person you are scream solution the sound , not while it is sonorousness . 
0	only unitary charge about the speakerphone , you can only activate the speakerphone boast once the person you are calling resolve the phone , not while it is sonority . 
1	Hitachi's M12V is a big beast of a router.
1	Hitachi's M12V is a big savage of a router.
1	Hitachi's M12V is a grownup beast of a router.
1	now that i own it , however , i can 't imagine being without it ! 
1	now that i own it , nevertheless , i can 't think being without it ! 
1	now that i own it , notwithstanding , i can 't opine being without it ! 
0	regarding pc software support nokia suite does not work with some versions of xp as i tried to connect my phone via infrared port on my laptop . 
0	regarding PC software living nokia suite does not turn with some variation of xp as i hear to connect my phone via infrared port on my laptop . 
0	regarding pc software patronise nokia suite does not turn with some reading of xp as i tried to connect my earpiece via infrared larboard on my laptop . 
0	all i have to say is that i did freeze on me once , but it has n't done it since . 
0	all i have to enunciate is that i did block on me once , but it has n't coiffure it since . 
0	all i have to order is that i did suspend on me once , but it has n't cause it since . 
1	oh ... and file transfers are fast & easy . 
1	oh ... and file channel are fast & easy . 
1	oh ... and file transfers are firm & easy . 
1	The phone has such advantages as the excellent keypad and display, long rundown time and a good software suite.
1	The phone has such advantages as the first-class keypad and display, long summation time and a full software suite.
1	The telephone has such advantages as the excellent keypad and expose, long rundown time and a unspoiled software suite.
1	Good color and very little needed to correct photos on Paintshop Pro. 
1	good color and very little ask to correct photos on Paintshop Pro. 
1	safe emblazon and very little needed to correct photos on Paintshop Pro. 
0	 Hooked up to the D-Link extreme N , connected speed dropped to 18mbps and wireless down to 8mbps .
0	 sneak up to the D-Link extreme N , connected swiftness neglect to 18mbps and wireless down to 8mbps .
0	 surcharge up to the D-Link extreme N , connected swiftness fell to 18mbps and wireless down to 8mbps .
0	Unfortunately, it does not give you the option of unstalling (or uninstalling) them individually.
0	regrettably, it does not feed you the option of unstalling (or uninstalling) them individually.
0	unluckily, it does not contribute you the option of unstalling (or uninstalling) them individually.
1	simple click buttons , back buttons volume and display are very easy to read , access and use . 
1	bare click buttons , back buttons volume and display are very leisurely to read , access and utilization . 
1	simple clink buttons , back buttons volume and display are very gentle to learn , access and use . 
1	it also costs a lot less than the ipod . 
1	it also costs a mountain less than the ipod . 
1	it also costs a slew less than the ipod . 
1	(You can do it one handed while still hanging on to the baby.) Also, we like using regular trash bags instead of having to worry about buying refills (like with the Diaper Genie).
1	(You can do it ane handed while yet advert on to the coddle.) Also, we like using regular trash bagful instead of having to worry about buying refills (like with the Diaper jinni).
1	(You can do it matchless handed while notwithstanding hanging on to the baby.) also, we similar using regular Methedrine bags instead of having to worry about buy refills (like with the Diaper Genie).
0	this is ridiculous . 
0	this is farcical . 
0	this is preposterous . 
1	it 's worth it . 
1	it 's Worth it . 
1	it 's deserving it . 
0	I also put a bend in  the wrench so I can remove and install bits from the top of the table.
0	I also put a bend in  the wrick so ace can off and install bits from the crown of the table.
0	I too put a flex in  the wrench so one can remove and install bits from the overstep of the table.
1	i am a picture fanatic so i consider myself picky and if your the same way this camera will not let you down.now buy it ! 
1	i am a film overzealous so i count myself picky and if your the same mode this camera will not allow you down.now buy it ! 
1	i am a photo fanatic so i view myself picky and if your the same means this camera will not lease you down.now corrupt it ! 
1	 Not that Apple computers break down often but this is cheap insurance for 3 years .
1	 Not that Apple computer fault down often but this is cheap insurance for 3 class .
1	 Not that Apple computers crack down often but this is gaudy insurance for 3 year .
0	this unit was working fine for the 1st month and a half and then the color signal disappeared . 
0	this unit was operative fine for the 1st month and a half and then the colorise sign disappeared . 
0	this unit was working fine for the 1st month and a half and then the colour sign vanish . 
1	Plus, the fact that it used regular trash bags is great.
1	Plus, the fact that it used regular methamphetamine bag is great.
1	plus, the fact that it used regular trash pocketbook is great.
1	Other than this, I am very pleased with the router and would buy it again.
1	Other than this, 1 am very please with the router and would corrupt it again.
1	other than this, unity am very pleased with the router and would bargain it again.
0	video output stopped workin . 
0	picture output stopped workin . 
0	video output block workin . 
1	The pictures are uniformly excellent and color rendering is perfect.
1	The depiction are uniformly excellent and color translate is perfect.
1	The impression are uniformly excellent and colorize rendering is perfect.
0	seemed like a good deal , but this pos frequently cannot recognize dvds and music cds -- takes a long time loading and then concludes , " no disc " . 
0	seemed same a adept deal , but this pos frequently cannot agnise dvds and music cds -- withdraw a long time payload and then concludes , " no disc " . 
0	seemed same a near hatful , but this pos frequently cannot recognize dvds and music cds -- return a long time adulterate and then concludes , " no disc " . 
1	 This is an outstanding product , one that lives up to the PR .
1	 This is an outstanding product , nonpareil that spirit up to the PR .
1	 This is an outstanding production , ane that lives up to the PR .
0	The cons, at times the diaper wipes get stuck in the disposal area making it hard to turn the handle back and forth.
0	The cons, at times the diaper wipes aim cohere in the disposition area making it hard to routine the handle back and forth.
0	The cons, at times the diaper wipes convey puzzle in the disposal area pretend it hard to turn the handle hinder and forth.
1	1) The champ is easy to use.
1	1) The champ is easy to purpose.
1	1) The champ is promiscuous to use.
0	on 2 dvds so far it refuses to play certain episodes with no problems on the others on the dvd . 
0	on two DVD so far it scraps to work certain episodes with no problems on the others on the dvd . 
0	on two dvds so far it garbage to frolic certain sequence with no problems on the others on the dvd . 
1	in addition it comes with a sleek and powerful headset . 
1	in addition it do with a sleek and knock-down headset . 
1	in addition it fare with a aerodynamic and powerful headset . 
0	also , the instruction manual is very bad . 
0	also , the instruction manual is very risky . 
0	also , the instruction manual is very speculative . 
0	and supply those stupid white Headphones. 
0	and supply those pillock white Headphones. 
0	and supply those stupid white earphone. 
0	The SD500 has only been in my possession for a little over 3 months, and the LCD has been broken twice. 
0	The SD500 has only been in my possession for a piffling over deuce-ace months, and the LCD has been develop double. 
0	The SD500 has only been in my self-possession for a footling over ternion months, and the LCD has been intermit twice. 
1	i 'm very pleased with my zx so here 's a quick review . 
1	i 'm very pleased with my zx so here 's a prompt reexamine . 
1	i 'm very pleased with my zx so here 's a prompt revaluation . 
1	This is truly a Clydesdale among the industry 3HP+ router workhorses.
1	This is genuinely a Clydesdale among the manufacture 3HP+ router workhorses.
1	This is really a Clydesdale among the diligence 3HP+ router workhorses.
1	it takes excellent pics and is very easy to use , if you read the manual . 
1	it study excellent pics and is very easily to role , if you read the manual . 
1	it take excellent movie and is very loose to use , if you read the manual . 
1	The sound is amazing. 
1	The sound is bewilder. 
1	The sound is mystify. 
1	 The sound is so good that my boyfriend wants one now !
1	 The heavy is so good that my boyfriend deprivation one now !
1	 The well-grounded is so practiced that my boyfriend wants one now !
0	I replaced it with a Router Raizer and it works much better.
0	I replaced it with a router Raizer and it works much best.
0	ane replaced it with a Router Raizer and it works much improve.
1	the g3 looks like a work of art ! 
1	the g3 looks like a influence of art ! 
1	the g3 smell like a work of art ! 
1	It is mindless to operate.
1	It is mindless to lock.
1	It is mindless to maneuver.
1	 I was looking for portability and good battery life and this product delivers both .
1	 I was looking for portability and good battery sprightliness and this product save both .
1	 I was looking for portability and undecomposed battery life and this product save both .
1	 The comparable product in quality is the old style Shelf Speaker popular in the 80 's , called the brick , but this unit does not have the weight of that product .
1	 The corresponding product in choice is the Old flair Shelf Speaker popular in the 80 's , scream the brick , but this unit does not have the burden of that product .
1	 The like product in calibre is the sometime mode Shelf talker popular in the 80 's , name the brick , but this unit does not have the weight of that product .
1	the reception and sound quality are top-notch . 
1	the reception and go quality are top-notch . 
1	the reception and sound quality are crack . 
1	its ability to serve as a back-up for my music collection is a huge plus. 
1	its ability to answer as a back-up for my music aggregation is a immense plus. 
1	its ability to attend as a back-up for my music solicitation is a immense plus. 
1	 These are great bike speakers for the weekend cycling in the park .
1	 These are large bike speakers for the weekend cycling in the ballpark .
1	 These are large bike speakers for the weekend cycling in the ballpark .
1	great video clip quality for a digital camera - so much better than my old one (Canon A60(?)...the 2.0 megapixel one). 
1	great video clip quality for a digital camera - so lots salutary than my old one (Canon A60(?)...the 2.cypher megapixel nonpareil). 
1	great video jog quality for a digital camera - so lots expert than my old matchless (Canon A60(?)...the 2.0 megapixel one). 
0	got way too many blurry pictures . 
0	go way too many blurry pictures . 
0	got direction too many blurry pictures . 
1	The radio works excellent in my area, I'm not sure everywhere else.  
1	The radio oeuvre splendid in my area, I'm not sure everywhere else.  
1	The radio solve excellent in my area, I'm not trusted everywhere else.  
0	Also, the fit and finish could be better although this doesn't detract from performance.
0	Also, the fit and end could be sound although this doesn't detract from performance.
0	Also, the scene and finish could be improve although this doesn't detract from performance.
1	The iPod is not overpriced compared to the market.
1	The iPod is not overprice compared to the market.
1	The iPod is not overpriced compared to the mart.
0	what really made this a mediocre mp3 player for me was the software . 
0	what rattling draw this a mediocre mp3 player for me was the software . 
0	what really realise this a mediocre mp3 participant for me was the software . 
1	the included leather pouch is a big plus : it actually protects the unit well , something a lot of ' carrying cases ' fail to do with other audio devices . 
1	the included leather pouch is a boastful addition : it actually protects the unit swell , something a dispense of ' carrying example ' fail to do with other audio devices . 
1	the included leather pouch is a handsome plus : it really protects the unit well , something a lot of ' take example ' bomb to do with other audio devices . 
1	i use this with a home theater system and it 's amazing how it sounds , the picture clarity is unmatched ! 
1	i use this with a home theater system and it 's amazing how it strait , the figure lucidness is unrivalled ! 
1	i use this with a internal theater system and it 's astound how it sounds , the movie clearness is unmatched ! 
1	i highly recommend this camera to anybody looking for a compact camera that can take good quality pictures. 
1	i highly commend this camera to anybody looking for a heavyset camera that can take good quality fancy. 
1	i highly recommend this camera to anybody looking for a compact camera that can take honorable caliber show. 
0	Well, I got my second player, and right out of the box it wasn't working right and once again, after consulting customer se!
0	Well, I got my instant player, and correctly out of the box it wasn't workings right and once again, after confab customer se!
0	swell, I got my bit instrumentalist, and right out of the box it wasn't work right and once again, after consulting customer se!
1	6 ) excellent battery life - 14 hours beats ipod 's . 
1	6 ) excellent battery life - 14 hours mystify ipod 's . 
1	6 ) excellent battery life - 14 hours ticktock ipod 's . 
0	I thought it was kind of steeply priced at that time.
0	I cerebration it was kind of steeply priced at that meter.
0	one cerebrate it was kind of steeply priced at that time.
0	but the major problem i had was with the software . 
0	but the Major job i had was with the software . 
0	but the major job i had was with the package . 
1	I also wanted to switch to Broadcom hardware (which the linksys uses) because my WiFi MiniPCI card in my dell laptop with lucent silicon in it used 70% of my 1.2Ghz laptop's CPU when using the wireless at full speed.  
1	I also want to transposition to Broadcom hardware (which the linksys function) because my WiFi MiniPCI scorecard in my dell laptop with lucent silicon in it used 70% of my single.2Ghz laptop's processor when apply the wireless at full speeding.  
1	I also wanted to shift to Broadcom hardware (which the linksys use) because my WiFi MiniPCI tease in my dell laptop with lucent silicon in it habituate 70% of my single.2Ghz laptop's CPU when using the radiocommunication at entire hurry.  
1	the highest optical zoom pictures are perfect . 
1	the highest ocular zoom pictures are perfect . 
1	the highest optical zoom pictures are stark . 
1	I was looking for a compact, rugged (I carry it hiking, skiing, boating, etc) camera which is easy to use.
1	I was attend for a compress, rugged (I carry it hiking, skiing, boating, etc) camera which is slow to usage.
1	I was await for a compact, rugged (I carry it hike, skiing, yachting, etc) camera which is easily to use.
1	bought the 30gb xtra a couple of weeks ago , and so far it has been excellent . 
1	bought the 30gb xtra a twosome of workweek ago , and so far it has been fantabulous . 
1	buy the 30gb xtra a span of weeks ago , and so Interahamwe it has been excellent . 
1	I couldn't believe what I had been missing.
1	I couldn't believe what iodine had been missing.
1	ace couldn't believe what I had been missing.
1	UPSIDE: This one, like most Nokias, receives a consistently strong signal (I've tried some Samsung and Sony Ericsson models which were very weak on the reception front).
1	UPSIDE: This one, corresponding most Nokias, receives a systematically stiff indicate (I've tried some Samsung and Sony Ericsson sit which were very weak on the reception front).
1	top: This unrivaled, like most Nokias, receives a consistently strong betoken (I've taste some Samsung and Sony Ericsson sit which were very weak on the reception front).
1	first , the zen lets you sync to more than one computer . 
1	first , the zen lets you sync to more than single figurer . 
1	firstly , the zen lets you sync to more than unmatchable computer . 
1	Before you run out and buy an iPod, understand something: there are REASONS the Zen is worth encountering this kind of hassle, principally excellent (for MP3) sound quality.  
1	Before you rivulet out and bribe an iPod, understand something: there are argue the Zen is worth encountering this kind of tussle, principally excellent (for MP3) sound lineament.  
1	Before you run out and buy an iPod, empathise something: there are reasonableness the Zen is worth chance this kind of hassle, principally excellent (for MP3) legal select.  
1	with canon , you get pictures that appear to be photos , not still camcorder shots . 
1	with canon , you get pictures that appear to be photos , not tranquillise camcorder slam . 
1	with canyon , you produce pictures that appear to be photos , not still camcorder shots . 
1	1 ) great sound ( > 98db signal-to-noise ratio beats ipod 's " unspecified " ratio ) and good power output allow the zen xtra to drive large head-phones as well as external speakers . 
1	1 ) great good ( > 98db signal-to-noise ratio baffle ipod 's " unspecified " ratio ) and good king output allow the zen xtra to drive magnanimous head-phones as swell as external speakers . 
1	1 ) majuscule sound ( > 98db signal-to-noise ratio stupefy ipod 's " unspecified " ratio ) and goodness power turnout allow the zen xtra to drive enceinte head-phones as well as external speakers . 
0	unfortunately , this digital moment-capturing device called the g3 sometimes captures the moment after the one you wanted . 
0	regrettably , this digital moment-capturing device foretell the g3 sometimes fascinate the moment after the one you wanted . 
0	unfortunately , this digital moment-capturing device address the g3 sometimes get the moment after the one you treasured . 
1	 If you 're looking for a quality tower speaker ... this is it .
1	 If you 're await for a prime tower speaker ... this is it .
1	 If you 're looking for a tone tower talker ... this is it .
1	The player looks great, feels great, and sounds great. 
1	The actor looks great, feels great, and sounds great. 
1	The player looks great, feel great, and sounds great. 
0	2 ) the remote works , but then it does not work , and you are left standing there thinking you are doing something wrong . 
0	2 ) the remote lick , but then it does not ferment , and you are left fend there mentation you are doing something wrong . 
0	2 ) the remote workings , but then it does not work , and you are provide standing there remember you are doing something improper . 
1	I find that it is stable in my hands and its' weight actually contributes to that stability.
1	I determine that it is stable in my reach and its' angle actually contributes to that stability.
1	iodin chance that it is stable in my hands and its' weight actually lend to that stability.
1	im a more happier person after discovering the i/p button ! 
1	im a more glad person after discovering the i/p push ! 
1	im a more happier person after strike the i/P button ! 
1	the hot shoe flash attachment allowed me to buy and use a sophisticated flash unit : 
1	the hot shoe blink attachment provide me to buy and use a sophisticated flashgun unit : 
1	the hot shoe flash attachment leave me to buy and usage a sophisticated dart unit : 
1	the sound quality is excellent ( and i 'm fussy with that stuff ) , the unit looks cool , screen is bright and easy to read , and the replaceable battery means a major advantage over the ipod ( besides the price , but everyone knows that ) . 
1	the legal timber is excellent ( and i 'm cross with that binge ) , the unit flavor cool , screen is bright and easy to interpret , and the replaceable battery means a major reward over the ipod ( besides the terms , but everyone knows that ) . 
1	the phone quality is splendid ( and i 'm fussy with that stuff ) , the unit front cool , test is promising and easy to read , and the replaceable battery think a major reward over the ipod ( besides the price , but everyone recognise that ) . 
1	so once i worked out the problem with the software this mp3 player is worth the money it cost . 
1	so once i operate out the problem with the software this mp3 player is deserving the money it toll . 
1	so once i sour out the problem with the software this mp3 thespian is worth the money it toll . 
0	1 ) quite bulky ( it 's about the same size as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and uses a heavy battery , although not very solid as it is contructed mostly of plastic ( unlike canon 's elph line ) 
0	ace ) quite bulky ( it 's about the same size as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and utilization a impenetrable battery , although not very self-coloured as it is contructed generally of plastic ( dissimilar canon 's elph job ) 
0	single ) quite bulky ( it 's about the same size as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and USA a weighty battery , although not very square as it is contructed mostly of formative ( different canon 's elph argument ) 
1	4) One nice thing about Nokias is that they have a ton of ring tone and game choices.
1	4) One decent thing about Nokias is that they have a ton of ring tincture and punt choices.
1	quaternity) One nice thing about Nokias is that they have a ton of ring feeling and crippled choices.
1	 This speaker mount is suitable for small speaker .
1	 This loudspeaker mount is suitable for small speaker .
1	 This speaker mountain is suitable for small speaker .
0	the player itself has all sorts of problems . 
0	the actor itself has all sorts of problems . 
0	the player itself has all separate of problems . 
0	All in all, not very good.
0	All in all, not very ripe.
0	All in all, not very upright.
1	) No locked-in proprietary business like Apple; this baby plays WMAs too.  
1	) No locked-in proprietary business like apple; this baby gambling WMAs too.  
1	) no locked-in proprietary business like Apple; this baby shimmer WMAs too.  
0	we have had this product for over a month and yesterday it stopped working . 
0	we have had this product for over a month and yesterday it cease ferment . 
0	we have had this product for over a month and yesterday it stop lick . 
1	very simple to use . 
1	very simple to enjoyment . 
1	very unsubdivided to use . 
1	It's so small. 
1	It's so belittled. 
1	It's so minuscule. 
1	 Most products will last if taken care of , and Logitech 's products are no exception to this rule , however , since they are somewhat , in fact a great deal more sturdy , than my old radio .
1	 Most products will finis if learn care of , and Logitech 's products are no exception to this rule , nonetheless , since they are somewhat , in fact a great batch more inflexible , than my erstwhile radio .
1	 Most products will last if carry charge of , and Logitech 's products are no exception to this ruler , however , since they are somewhat , in fact a smashing batch more sturdy , than my one-time radio .
1	 This netbook is closer to the notebook powers but still very cheap .
1	 This netbook is close to the notebook powers but still very brassy .
1	 This netbook is closer to the notebook mightiness but calm very cheap .
1	the optical zoom works great and the 14x digital zoom is a very nice addition although pictures at the highest digital zoom are a little blurry . 
1	the optical whizz plant neat and the 14x digital zoom is a very gracious addition although pictures at the highest digital zoom are a little bleary . 
1	the optical zoom works majuscule and the 14x digital soar is a very overnice addition although pictures at the gamey digital zoom are a short blurry . 
1	Pros: - Excellent sound, even with the headphones that come out of the box, but it absolutely rocked with my Bose Quietcomfort 2 set. 
1	Pros: - Excellent legal, even with the headphones that come out of the box, but it perfectly rocked with my Bose Quietcomfort II solidification. 
1	pro: - Excellent fathom, even with the phone that come out of the box, but it absolutely rocked with my Bose Quietcomfort 2 determined. 
0	 I gave up after several attempts to contact dlink support .
0	 1 gave up after several endeavor to contact dlink support .
0	 I gave up after several attack to contact dlink substantiate .
0	The opening could be a little wider, I suppose, but I haven't really seen anything else that could be improved.
0	The possibility could be a small wide-cut, I suppose, but I haven't really meet anything else that could be improved.
0	The spread could be a little broad, I hypothesise, but I haven't really visualise anything else that could be improved.
0	2 ) no games - it has a cool screen - why not use it . 
0	2 ) no back - it has a sang-froid screen - why not use it . 
0	2 ) no games - it has a cool shield - why not purpose it . 
1	 The Acer Monitor has an extremely bright screen and its design allows the placement in an area -LRB- from a heighth perspective -RRB- that many 20 '' screens will not fit in .
1	 The Acer Monitor has an passing promising screen and its design provide the placement in an area -LRB- from a heighth view -RRB- that many 20 '' sort will not convulsion in .
1	 The Acer proctor has an exceedingly burnished sort and its plan reserve the placement in an area -LRB- from a heighth perspective -RRB- that many 20 '' screens will not fit in .
0	I had never liked the idea of the Diaper Genie because of the refills.
0	1 had never liked the estimate of the Diaper Genie because of the refills.
0	1 had never liked the idea of the nappy Genie because of the refills.
0	what disappointed me is the fact that it does not seem to read certain dvds . 
0	what disappoint me is the fact that it does not seem to record sealed dvds . 
0	what foiled me is the fact that it does not seem to interpret sure dvds . 
1	 This product is good enough to integrate my clarion cx501 to my Toyota camry 2001 mode .
1	 This intersection is salutary enough to mix my clarion cx501 to my Toyota camry 2001 mode .
1	 This product is skilful plenty to integrate my clarion cx501 to my Toyota camry 2001 way .
1	transfers are surprisingly quick through usb 2.0 . 
1	transfers are surprisingly quick through usb 2.nought . 
1	transfers are surprisingly quick through usb II.0 . 
1	 The speakers perform very well , and with the bass boost , the sound fills outs exceedingly well .
1	 The speakers perform very fountainhead , and with the bass hike , the audio fills outs exceedingly well .
1	 The speakers perform very intimately , and with the bass further , the sound satiate outs exceedingly well .
0	I had much of the same problems that everyone else has listed (mainly the SLOOOOOOOOOW processor), and then I couldn't get the damn thing off my computer completely!
0	I had much of the same problems that everyone else has name (mainly the SLOOOOOOOOOW processor), and then iodin couldn't convey the bloody thing off my computer altogether!
0	ane had lots of the same problems that everyone else has listed (mainly the SLOOOOOOOOOW processor), and then I couldn't beat the darn thing off my computer whole!
1	this phone won me over , and a big seller was the size ; it fits nicely into any pocket without falling out . 
1	this phone won me over , and a braggy seller was the sizing ; it gibe nicely into any pocket without decrease out . 
1	this phone won me over , and a prominent vender was the size ; it fits nicely into any bag without light out . 
1	and we definitely prefer our Champ!
1	and we definitely prefer our title-holder!
1	and we emphatically prefer our Champ!
1	we are overall pleased with product . 
1	we are overall please with product . 
1	we are overall pleased with intersection . 
0	software - music match jukebox is n't the greatest , the search funtion is n't fast even when accessing it with the hotkey shortcut . 
0	software - music equal nickelodeon is n't the great , the search funtion is n't fast regular when accessing it with the hotkey shortcut . 
0	software - music equate jukebox is n't the corking , the search funtion is n't debauched fifty-fifty when accessing it with the hotkey shortcut . 
1	 The USB port on the back is a nice feature .
1	 The USB port on the endorse is a nice sport .
1	 The USB port on the punt is a decent feature .
1	i have yet to try using all of the adjustment options : shutter priority , aperature priority , light metering adjustments , etc. , but all controls are well thought out and and the manual is relatively clear . 
1	i have yet to taste using all of the adjustment options : shutter antecedency , aperature priority , perch metering adaptation , etc. , but all hold are well thought out and and the manual is relatively illuminate . 
1	i have yet to try use all of the allowance options : shutter priority , aperature priority , wanton metering adjustments , etc. , but all curb are good thought out and and the manual is relatively pass . 
1	 FAR SURPASSES ANYTHING I 'VE HEARD TO DATE FOR THEIR SUPERIOR SOUND .
1	 FAR SURPASSES ANYTHING I 'VE HEARD TO DATE FOR THEIR superordinate heavy .
1	 FAR outperform ANYTHING I 'VE HEARD TO DATE FOR THEIR SUPERIOR wakeless .
1	i love it ! ! 
1	i jazz it ! ! 
1	i know it ! ! 
0	It wouldn't always work seemlessly with WMP and it often required me to restart the frozen micro by taking out the battery and restarting it. 
0	It wouldn't always shape seemlessly with WMP and it oftentimes necessitate me to restart the suspend micro by consume out the battery and restarting it. 
0	It wouldn't ever work seemlessly with WMP and it often need me to restart the frozen micro by study out the shelling and restart it. 
1	The startup time, quality of pictures and videos is outstanding.
1	The startup time, quality of pic and videos is salient.
1	The startup time, quality of project and videos is spectacular.
0	the cut-outs for the controls is not thought out as there is too much material in the way to adequately access the controls , especially the scroll wheel . 
0	the cut-outs for the controls is not cogitate out as there is too often material in the mode to adequately access the controller , specially the scroll wheel . 
0	the cut-outs for the controls is not consider out as there is too much stuff in the way to adequately accession the ascendence , specially the scroll wheel . 
1	 The speaker arived in excellent condition .
1	 The Speaker arived in excellent condition .
1	 The speaker arived in excellent discipline .
1	By focusing exclusively on quality rather than excessive marketing, they have introduced a player that can look the Ipod straight in the eye and not flinch.  
1	By focusing exclusively on timber preferably than excessive marketing, they have inaugurate a player that can bet the Ipod straight in the eye and not shrink.  
1	past focusing exclusively on prime sooner than excessive marketing, they have infix a player that can await the Ipod straight in the eye and not flinch.  
1	The phone itself is pretty nice.
1	The phone itself is somewhat nice.
1	The ring itself is pretty nice.
0	A larger memory card and extra battery are good things to buy.
0	A larger memory card and extra battery are right things to purchase.
0	angstrom larger memory card and extra battery are commodity things to buy.
0	imagine my shock - and absolute instant disdain for any products made by apex . 
0	imagine my appall - and absolute instant disdain for any products reach by apex . 
0	imagine my shock - and absolute instant disdain for any intersection prepare by apex . 
1	For more than a year, and it is totally reliable.  
1	For more than a year, and it is whole authentic.  
1	For more than a yr, and it is totally dependable.  
0	The only complaint I have is that the 1/4" collet will not sufficiently hold any of my 1/4" bits.
0	The only charge I have is that the 1/quaternion" collet will not sufficiently check any of my i/4" bits.
0	The only complaint ane have is that the 1/4" collet will not sufficiently guard any of my I/4" bite.
1	2 ) 4mp is about right for the target market of this camera ( semi-serious amateur photographer ) 
1	2 ) 4mp is about veracious for the point market of this camera ( semi-serious recreational photographer ) 
1	deuce ) 4mp is about justly for the target grocery of this camera ( semi-serious amateur photographer ) 
1	 When I put it to use for my daughter 's graduation party in longer lengths , the speaker wire worked as expected , even out of doors .
1	 When I put it to utilise for my daughter 's commencement party in farseeing lengths , the speaker wire influence as gestate , even out of doors .
1	 When i assign it to utilise for my daughter 's graduation party in retentive lengths , the speaker wire worked as expected , level out of doors .
1	Powerup is quick, and you can even set your favorite image to display for a second or so as it turns on. 
1	Powerup is quick, and you can eve set your favorite trope to display for a sec or so as it spell on. 
1	Powerup is quickly, and you can eve set your favorite picture to display for a second or so as it work on. 
0	there was neither picture nor sound . 
0	there was neither ikon nor sound . 
0	there was neither picture nor vocalise . 
1	5 stars all the way!
1	5 maven all the way!
1	5 wiz all the way!
0	If you buying this player to use with Napster to Go, wait a while. 
0	If you buying this actor to use with Napster to sound, wait a while. 
0	If you buying this player to utilisation with Napster to perish, wait a while. 
1	proven canon built quality and lens . 
1	proven canon built quality and Lens . 
1	proven canon construct quality and lens . 
1	The new Canon s300 is 33% larger and 26% heavier than the S100.
1	The unexampled Canon s300 is 33% larger and 26% clayey than the S100.
1	The young Canon s300 is 33% larger and 26% laborious than the S100.
1	While they all seem to have their own positives and negatives, I picked the Zen Micro over the Ipod mini, because I am not an Apple person, never has been - I wanted something that is fully compatible with Windows Media Player. 
1	While they all seem to have their own positive and negatives, I beak the superman micro over the Ipod mini, because ane am not an Apple someone, never has been - I cherished something that is fully compatible with Windows Media participant. 
1	spell they all seem to have their own positives and blackball, i nibble the Zen Micro over the Ipod mini, because one am not an Apple soul, never has been - I precious something that is fully compatible with Windows metier Player. 
1	advanced photobugs will find more creative control than imaginable . 
1	advanced photobugs will ascertain more creative control than imaginable . 
1	advanced photobugs will find more creative curb than imaginable . 
0	only 1 problem , no accessories ... yet . 
0	only 1 problem , no accessories ... notwithstanding . 
0	only 1 problem , no appurtenance ... yet . 
0	I took it out one day and the LCD was not working. 
0	I charter it out one day and the LCD was not run. 
0	I shoot it out one day and the LCD was not go. 
0	after we discovered the problems , we tried to contact apex ( fkor 3 months ) , but we never got in touch with them.the customer support telephone number is always busy , and they do not answer their web customer support . 
0	after we discovered the problem , we sample to contact apex ( fkor 3 months ) , but we never make in relate with them.the customer funding telephone number is incessantly busy , and they do not answer their web customer reenforcement . 
0	after we discovered the problems , we test to tangency apex ( fkor 3 months ) , but we never puzzle in speck with them.the customer stand telephone number is always busy , and they do not respond their web client support . 
1	  The click wheel is incredibly convenient, however it can be a little overly touchy at times, which will make you frustrated with your own fingers.  
1	  The click wheel is incredibly convenient, however it can be a slight overly huffy at times, which will work you spoil with your own thumb.  
1	  The snap wheel is incredibly commodious, nonetheless it can be a picayune overly touchy at times, which will clear you frustrated with your own fingers.  
1	I have an ipod and it is a great buy. 
1	I have an ipod and it is a enceinte corrupt. 
1	ane have an ipod and it is a great bribe. 
1	The good:  Small size; durable-seeming metal case; easy to use; visually distinctive; good picture quality; fast USB connection; mostly intuitive operation; really cool PhotoStitch software that knits pictures together to give wide panoramas.
1	The good:  Small size; durable-seeming metal case; tardily to function; visually distinctive; good photo quality; fast USB link; mostly intuitive procedure; really cool PhotoStitch software that knits pictures together to generate wide panoramas.
1	The just:  Small size; durable-seeming metal vitrine; easy to use; visually distinctive; good characterization lineament; fast USB connection; mostly intuitive operation; really cool PhotoStitch software that pucker pictures together to make wide panoramas.
1	i bought it for my trip to beunos aires , and also used it at the iguazu falls , and could not have asked for more perfect performance ! 
1	i bought it for my actuate to beunos air , and too used it at the iguazu dip , and could not have asked for more staring performance ! 
1	i bought it for my misstep to beunos aires , and also utilise it at the iguazu hang , and could not have asked for more thoroughgoing operation ! 
1	Fits well in hand in trouser pockets.   
1	burst well in hand in trouser pockets.   
1	fit well in hand in trouser pockets.   
1	 As always , super quick shipping by Amazon , items arrived in great shape .
1	 As always , A-one prompt shipping by Amazon , items arrived in great shape .
1	 As perpetually , super flying shipping by Amazon , items arrived in great shape .
0	one complaint ... the screen is too easily scratched ! 
0	one complaint ... the screen is too easily expunge ! 
0	one complaint ... the screen is too easily scrape ! 
1	it comes equipped with lot of wallpapers and polyphonic sweet tunes . 
1	it descend equipped with lot of wallpapers and polyphonic afters tunes . 
1	it hail equipped with set of wallpapers and polyphonic sweet tunes . 
1	I guess the two antennae help with that besides making it look cooler. 
1	I guess the two antennae help with that besides stimulate it feel cooler. 
1	I shot the two antennae help with that besides take it look cooler. 
0	apex 's website is down and they wo n't answer their phone . 
0	apex 's website is down and they wo n't response their earpiece . 
0	vertex 's website is down and they wo n't suffice their phone . 
0	 You can also use a 6v DC power supply -LRB- not included -RRB- Cons : - Bad Instructions ; like many products of this type the instructions manual is lacking and , in this case , erroneously lists the power requirements as AC when it should be DC .
0	 You can also role a 6v DC power supply -LRB- not admit -RRB- gyp : - uncollectible Instructions ; corresponding many products of this typecast the instructions manual is lacking and , in this font , erroneously lists the superpower requirements as AC when it should be DC .
0	 You can also utilise a 6v DC exponent supplying -LRB- not included -RRB- bunko : - spoilt Instructions ; like many product of this type the instructions manual is lacking and , in this sheath , erroneously lists the power requirements as actinium when it should be DC .
1	Diaper Champ is by far the best diaper pail!
1	Diaper Champ is by far the respectable diaper pail!
1	Diaper Champ is by far the scoop diaper pail!
0	If I was pressed to find a negative aspect of the Zen Micro I would probably have to mention weak FM reception, but the building where I primarily use the Micro seems to have a history of terrible radio reception anyway, so you can take that for what it's worth.  
0	If I was compress to find a negative face of the dot Micro ace would probably have to advert rickety FM reception, but the edifice where I primarily use the Micro seems to have a account of fearful radio reception anyway, so you can study that for what it's worth.  
0	If I was pressed to notice a veto aspect of the Zen Micro one would likely have to mention sapless FM reception, but the build where I primarily usance the Micro seems to have a chronicle of unspeakable radio reception anyway, so you can issue that for what it's worth.  
0	 I am so tired of Netgear 's product quality & customer service that I would NEVER recommend netgear products to anyone I know .
0	 I am so stock of Netgear 's product calibre & customer service that I would NEVER recommend netgear products to anyone single cognise .
0	 one am so tired of Netgear 's merchandise quality & customer avail that ace would NEVER recommend netgear products to anyone I know .
1	output through component connections looks very good , on my non-hd tv . 
1	output through component connections flavour very well , on my non-hd tv . 
1	yield through component connections looks very honest , on my non-hd tv . 
0	i have ice age and it keeps telling me no disc . 
0	i have ice mature and it support telling me no disc . 
0	i have sparkler age and it hold telling me no disc . 
1	i find it pretty easy to use ... and unlike the remote interface for the audigy 2 nx ( on the pc ) .. . 
1	i discover it pretty tardily to utilization ... and unlike the distant interface for the audigy 2 nx ( on the pc ) .. . 
1	i feel it passably well-situated to utilization ... and unlike the remote interface for the audigy 2 nx ( on the pc ) .. . 
1	3. Play Java games on it.
1	3. Play Java back on it.
1	3. Play Java punt on it.
1	 This time , D-Link support was more helpful and guided me to the actual problem , which was that the router failed to `` auto-negotiate '' the Ethernet link speed from my FiOS optical network block .
1	 This meter , D-Link brook was more helpful and lead me to the actual trouble , which was that the router failed to `` auto-negotiate '' the Ethernet link hotfoot from my FiOS optical network forget .
1	 This time , D-Link documentation was more helpful and take me to the actual job , which was that the router miscarry to `` auto-negotiate '' the Ethernet yoke speed from my FiOS optical network obstruct .
1	the image quality is excellent . 
1	the effigy quality is excellent . 
1	the image quality is splendid . 
1	the price / performance looked just right . 
1	the price / execution looked just right . 
1	the price / performance seem just right . 
0	The new hardware version does not run Linux at all and most likely will not since the memory has been cut in half. 
0	The Modern hardware version does not test Linux at all and most likely will not since the remembering has been slue in half. 
0	The young hardware version does not endure Linux at all and most probable will not since the memory has been edit in half. 
0	and the case , how did this ever make it out of quality control . 
0	and the case , how did this ever do it out of quality insure . 
0	and the eccentric , how did this ever piss it out of quality control . 
0	) Creative, Inc. the maker includes the barest of the bare minimum in the box, then through gross profiteering nickles and dimes you on EVERY single accessory at extraordinarily inflated prices. 
0	) Creative, INC. the shaper includes the barest of the mere minimal in the box, then through receipts profiteering nickles and dimes you on EVERY single accoutrement at extraordinarily inflated prices. 
0	) Creative, Inc. the Godhead includes the mere of the bare minimum in the box, then through sodding profiteering nickles and dim you on EVERY single ancillary at extraordinarily inflated toll. 
0	It is not a perfect product but it does have a lot going for it.  
0	IT is not a perfect product but it does have a batch departure for it.  
0	It is not a double-dyed product but it does have a set move for it.  
1	now heres the stuff you should know starting with the good things : the screen is really big and the blue light in the back is perfect , fast as hell in music transfer , controls are easy to use after mastering the scroll button , great sound and ive heard many mp3 players , a ton of different equilizer type deals on here . 
1	now heres the gormandize you should know starting with the respectable things : the screenland is really magnanimous and the puritanic light in the back is gross , fast as hellhole in music transferee , controls are wanton to use after master the scroll button , large sound and ive heard many mp3 players , a ton of different equilizer type deals on here . 
1	now heres the satiate you should hump starting with the thoroughly things : the screen is really freehanded and the risque luminosity in the backbone is consummate , truehearted as hell in music transfer , controls are easy to use after mastering the scroll button , expectant sound and ive heard many mp3 players , a ton of different equilizer type spate on here . 
1	 This router is the best I have used to date .
1	 This router is the expert I have victimised to date .
1	 This router is the intimately I have apply to date .
1	it works well enough ( so far ) for me to be satisfied with it , and it 's possible that i 'm missing something . 
1	it go considerably enough ( so FAR ) for me to be satisfied with it , and it 's possible that i 'm pretermit something . 
1	it solve well adequate ( so far ) for me to be meet with it , and it 's possible that i 'm pretermit something . 
0	i 've been bothered by blown-out highlights on the s330 , and the g3 seems to do only slightly better . 
0	i 've been bother by blown-out highlights on the s330 , and the g3 seem to do only slightly expert . 
0	i 've been rag by blown-out highlights on the s330 , and the g3 look to do only slightly expert . 
1	I can use it as a modem for my computer, connect with clients and friends, the possibilities are endless.
1	I can function it as a modem for my computer, unite with clients and Friend, the possibilities are endless.
1	I can habit it as a modem for my computer, associate with clients and friends, the possibility are endless.
1	i recommend unreservedly the powershot g3 to any potential buyer looking for a first-class digital camera at a reasonable price - there is no better camera out there - period ! 
1	i advocate unreservedly the powershot g3 to any potential purchaser attend for a first-class digital camera at a reasonable toll - there is no skillful camera out there - period ! 
1	i recommend unreservedly the powershot g3 to any likely vendee bet for a first-class digital camera at a reasonable damage - there is no good camera out there - period ! 
1	All of the wireless components that I bought were a breeze to set up as well.     
1	All of the wireless components that i bribe were a breeze to coif up as well.     
1	altogether of the wireless components that single bought were a breeze to specify up as well.     
1	However, there is a more detailed PDF manual on the CD (and online) that should answer any questions about the operational features of the Zen Micro. 
1	nevertheless, there is a more detailed PDF manual on the cadmium (and online) that should result any doubt about the operable features of the Zen Micro. 
1	notwithstanding, there is a more detailed PDF manual on the Cd (and online) that should resolution any wonder about the operating features of the Zen Micro. 
1	It comes with an adapter to plug into the wall, which I hear is a step up from the other iPods, which require you plug it into a computer to charge it.  
1	It follow with an adapter to stopple into the wall, which ane see is a step up from the other iPods, which require you nag it into a computer to complaint it.  
1	It number with an adapter to plug into the paries, which I see is a gradation up from the other iPods, which require you nag it into a computer to commove it.  
0	The Linksys technical support site has nothing about configuring the router for use with a Mac. 
0	The Linksys technical living site has naught about configuring the router for usage with a Mac. 
0	The Linksys technical substantiate site has nothing about configuring the router for usance with a macintosh. 
0	 I deducted a star because , when I put my iPod and iPad on full volume , the speaker 's bass began to completely ruin the sound .
0	 I deducted a champion because , when 1 commit my iPod and iPad on full volume , the talker 's bass began to completely wrecking the sound .
0	 single deducted a maven because , when I put my iPod and iPad on good volume , the Speaker 's bass began to completely ruin the voice .
1	I am soooo pleased with this product!!!
1	I am soooo pleased with this intersection!!!
1	iodine am soooo pleased with this product!!!
1	those used to 35mm cameras will find the g3 very comfortable and friendly to use . 
1	those apply to 35mm cameras will obtain the g3 very prosperous and friendly to use . 
1	those used to 35mm cameras will breakthrough the g3 very well-to-do and friendly to usage . 
1	The FM tuner is just a little spare icing on the cake.  
1	The FM tuner is just a petty spare frosting on the cake.  
1	The fermium tuner is just a little scanty icing on the cake.  
0	These people takes lest effort to process rebate forms.
0	These people takes lest effort to march rebate forms.
0	These people takes lest effort to procedure rebate forms.
1	It sits in the corner of our bathroom and we have never had any problems with odors at all (and we live in the damp and humid South, where odors of all kinds are generally rife).
1	It baby-sit in the corner of our bathroom and we have never had any job with odour at all (and we live in the moistness and humid south, where scent of all variety are generally rife).
1	It model in the corner of our bathroom and we have never had any problems with odour at all (and we inhabit in the break and humid southward, where aroma of all kinds are generally predominant).
1	It holds almost a week's worth of diapers, and you don't need expensive refills - any kitchen bags work.
1	It admit almost a week's Worth of diapers, and you don't need expensive refills - any kitchen bags influence.
1	It support about a week's worth of diapers, and you don't involve expensive refills - any kitchen bags work.
0	My son tried it and he too couldn't change the speed without an assist.
0	My son examine it and he too couldn't change the race without an assist.
0	My son stress it and he too couldn't convert the speed without an assist.
1	i did a ton of research and settled on this phone because of the small size , speakerphone option , great priced calling plan and access to my corporate email . 
1	i did a ton of explore and ensconce on this phone because of the little size , speakerphone option , outstanding priced visit plan and access to my corporate email . 
1	i did a ton of explore and settled on this earphone because of the small size , speakerphone option , gravid priced foretell plan and access to my incarnate email . 
1	zen allows you to scroll up and down the song list selected on the player . 
1	acid allows you to roll up and down the birdcall list selected on the player . 
1	dose grant you to scroll up and down the strain list selected on the player . 
0	the zoom lens unit feels fragile and it is worth buying a good camera bag if you are going put to carry it round a lot . 
0	the zoom lens unit feels fragile and it is worth buying a salutary camera udder if you are function put to comport it rhythm a lot . 
0	the zoom lens unit flavor tenuous and it is worth buying a good camera bag if you are fit put to expect it round a spate . 
1	Second, the setup CD actually worked perfectly. 
1	Second, the setup CD actually work perfectly. 
1	Second, the setup cd actually worked perfectly. 
1	Reliability & Build  I dropped the player once from about 4 ft, and it fell hard, but kept on playing. 
1	Reliability & Build  I dropped the player once from about 4 ft, and it savage hard, but hold on performing. 
1	Reliability & Build  I swing the player once from about 4 ft, and it descend hard, but kept on bet. 
0	Well, my second one is now beginning to hicup a bit after about 1 1/2 years.
0	Well, my indorse matchless is now beginning to hicup a bit after about 1 1/II years.
0	Well, my s unmatchable is now origin to hicup a bit after about 1 1/2 years.
1	The good news is that the creative support is very responsive and after some emails and postal exchanges, i had a new zen.  
1	The dear news is that the creative patronise is very responsive and after some emails and postal exchanges, i had a freshly pane.  
1	The soundly news is that the creative digest is very responsive and after some emails and postal convert, i had a new dot.  
1	Also, the touchpad seems to be waterproof to some degree.  
1	Also, the touchpad seems to be raincoat to some point.  
1	too, the touchpad seems to be waterproof to some grade.  
0	- not playing some dvds and then finally after less than 60 days , it just would not recognize anything i pop in it . 
0	- not acting some dvds and then finally after less than LX years , it just would not greet anything i pop in it . 
0	- not bring some dvds and then last after less than sixty days , it just would not recognize anything i pa in it . 
1	Bottom line great phone for the time being.
1	Bottom line great phone for the clock being.
1	nates line great phone for the time being.
0	who knows how many uses you 'll get out of it before it craps out , but it probably will . 
0	who jazz how many use you 'll arrive out of it before it craps out , but it probably will . 
0	who know how many uses you 'll generate out of it before it poop out , but it probably will . 
1	It came with a good fence that  is simple yet precise and thats well made and won't break.
1	It came with a respectable surround that  is simple yet precise and thats well made and won't prisonbreak.
1	It came with a soundly fence that  is bare yet precise and thats considerably made and won't break.
1	The SD500 rivals the Canon G6 in image quality. 
1	The SD500 rivals the Canon G6 in image character. 
1	The SD500 rivals the Canon G6 in image prize. 
0	 The only downside is the remote which requires a line of sight .
0	 The only downside is the remote which demand a cable of sight .
0	 The only downside is the remote which requires a delineate of vision .
1	Creating and modifying playlists is easy and clean.  
1	Creating and modifying playlists is easy and pick.  
1	Creating and modifying playlists is easy and scavenge.  
1	the phones are awesome . 
1	the call are awesome . 
1	the sound are awesome . 
0	Yes, there is a belt clip, but that doesn't hold the extra battery and usb cable.  
0	Yes, there is a bash dress, but that doesn't retain the extra battery and usb cable.  
0	Yes, there is a belt crop, but that doesn't accommodate the extra battery and usb line.  
1	 Upon opening these I found them to be really small but having a solid feel to them .
1	 Upon opening these I retrieve them to be really pocket-sized but having a self-coloured feel to them .
1	 Upon opening these i found them to be really small but having a solidness finger to them .
0	. images taken indoor were n't so clear . 
0	. images pack indoor were n't so clear . 
0	. images taken indoor were n't so net . 
0	in my opinion the worst issue on this phone is the side-mounted volume control . 
0	in my impression the worst issue on this phone is the side-mounted volume ascendance . 
0	in my opinion the pip issue on this phone is the side-mounted mass control . 
1	I have especially enjoyed the 640x480 mode, while not a replacement for a dedicated video camera, its quality easily surpasses that of my old Hi-8 camera and is perfect for quick clips of things that still images just dont describe (max 8 mins at 640 30fps on a one gig card). 
1	I have especially enjoyed the 640x480 mood, while not a replacement for a dedicated video camera, its prime easily outperform that of my older Hi-8 camera and is perfect for quick jog of things that quiet images just dont name (max 8 minute at 640 30fps on a i gig poster). 
1	one have especially enjoyed the 640x480 mood, while not a refilling for a dedicated video camera, its select easily outstrip that of my erstwhile Hi-8 camera and is perfect for promptly clips of things that lull double just dont describe (max 8 mins at 640 30fps on a peerless gig card). 
0	it also does n't have voice activated dialing . big minus ! ! 
0	it also does n't have sound activated dialing . boastful minus ! ! 
0	it also does n't have vocalism activated dialing . vauntingly minus ! ! 
1	But it is smooth, it is powerful, it is affordable & it has a proven track record.
1	But it is smooth, it is brawny, it is affordable & it has a proven rails show.
1	But it is smooth, it is powerful, it is affordable & it has a raise racecourse immortalize.
1	It holds a lot of diapers, not to mention the odor!
1	It bind a mess of diapers, not to mention the odor!
1	It holds a raft of diapers, not to mention the smell!
1	It has an exterior design that combines form and function more elegantly than any point-and-shoot we've ever tested. 
1	It has an exterior design that combines conformation and office more elegantly than any point-and-shoot we've ever try. 
1	It has an exterior design that fuse pattern and use more elegantly than any point-and-shoot we've ever tested. 
0	 My biggest problem with this speaker is the incompatibility with my 2nd generation iPod Nano .
0	 My cock-a-hoop problem with this talker is the incompatibility with my 2nd genesis iPod Nano .
0	 My great trouble with this loudspeaker is the incompatibility with my 2nd generation iPod Nano .
0	The Creative Zen Micro is a Zen Micro killer, not an Ipod killer. 
0	The Creative Zen Micro is a superman Micro killer, not an iPod killer. 
0	The Creative Zen micro is a Zen Micro orca, not an Ipod killer. 
1	i checked out the amazon reviews and i 'm pleased to say mine worked , works , fine right out of the box . 
1	i agree out the amazon critique and i 'm pleased to order mine exploit , works , fine right out of the box . 
1	i fit out the amazon inspection and i 'm pleased to say mine cultivate , works , fine correct out of the box . 
1	 TECHNICAL SUPPORT LINE - The Buffalo Technical Support line on the other hand , was very helpful .
1	 TECHNICAL confirm argument - The Buffalo Technical Support furrow on the other hand , was very helpful .
1	 proficient sustain LINE - The Buffalo Technical indorse line on the other hand , was very helpful .
0	 Their products are super expensive , especially to get them fixed .
0	 Their products are super expensive , especially to scram them limit .
0	 Their products are super expensive , specially to get them situate .
0	 It worked reasonably well for a while , although it frequently was barely able to keep up when I tried to stream movies , which was a big part of the reason I went to a faster router in the first place .
0	 IT worked reasonably substantially for a while , although it frequently was barely able to keep up when I tried to stream movies , which was a enceinte role of the reason single decease to a faster router in the offset invest .
0	 It wreak reasonably well for a while , although it frequently was barely able to support up when ane hear to stream movies , which was a big parting of the reason 1 travel to a faster router in the first situation .
0	The downside being that the Tivo can only connect at 802.11b speeds and not 802.11g. 
0	The downside being that the Tivo can only link at 802.11b hasten and not 802.11g. 
0	The downside being that the Tivo can only link at 802.11b hurry and not 802.11g. 
1	The handles make it very comfortable to use and I experience little vibration.
1	The address clear it very comfortable to use and I experience little vibration.
1	The handles make it very comfortable to use and I experience picayune palpitation.
1	 I went out and got the Canon today. 
1	 I went out and convey the Canon today. 
1	 I went out and father the Canon today. 
1	have had the player since xmass and love it ! 
1	have had the instrumentalist since xmass and love it ! 
1	have had the player since Christmas and love it ! 
1	the software comes with plenty of defaults genres . 
1	the software arrive with plenty of defaults genres . 
1	the software follow with plenty of defaults genres . 
1	 I 'm not easily impressed by electronics , tending to be a little conservative , but this product really deserves five stars .
1	 I 'm not easily impressed by electronics , tending to be a little conservative , but this product real merit 5 adept .
1	 I 'm not easily move by electronics , tending to be a little conservative , but this product really deserve 5 superstar .
0	 The stand is by far the most inferior aspect of this monitor .
0	 The rack is by far the most inferior aspect of this admonisher .
0	 The rack is by far the most inferior scene of this monitor .
1	Overall, I've been very impressed with the player. 
1	Overall, I've been very impressed with the histrion. 
1	overall, I've been very impressed with the player. 
0	I have used Norton for the past 5 years and for the last 2 years, the software has gotten more and more disgraceful.
0	I have expend Norton for the past fivesome years and for the last 2 years, the software has get more and more inglorious.
0	I have used Norton for the past 5 eld and for the finis 2 years, the software has bewilder more and more scandalous.
1	the free ( i didnt know they still did that ) carrying case is really protective , and to me its the only accessory you need ( except good headphones ) . 
1	the free ( i didnt know they yet did that ) acquit sheath is rattling protective , and to me its the only accessory you need ( omit good headphones ) . 
1	the free ( i didnt love they tranquillise did that ) carrying instance is really protective , and to me its the only accessory you postulate ( except full headphones ) . 
0	This program would not let me send Outlook Email or listen to Audible sample books online.
0	This program would not Lashkar-e-Tayyiba me institutionalise Outlook Email or listen to audible sample books online.
0	This program would not countenance me send lookout Email or listen to Audible sample playscript online.
0	What this product really needs is better documentation for how to set up the router for DIFFERENT OPERATING SYSTEMS!
0	What this product really motivation is skillful documentation for how to rigid up the router for DIFFERENT OPERATING SYSTEMS!
0	What this product really necessarily is beneficial documentation for how to set up the router for DIFFERENT OPERATING organization!
1	the cd ripping to mp3 is so easy , and you can even rip the cd directly to the mp3 player , so it wo n't take up space on your pc hard drive . 
1	the cd pull to mp3 is so gentle , and you can even rip the cd directly to the mp3 player , so it wo n't guide up place on your pc strong repel . 
1	the cd rending to mp3 is so well-off , and you can level rip the cd directly to the mp3 actor , so it wo n't strike up space on your pc hard movement . 
1	I'm not overly fond of GREEN but when I used this Hitachi M12V it turns out that now I'm very fond of it.
1	I'm not excessively fond of greenish but when I victimised this Hitachi M12V it plough out that now I'm very fond of it.
1	I'm not overly fond of dark-green but when iodine use this Hitachi M12V it turns out that now I'm very affectionate of it.
0	In noisy environment, it's hard to hear from the earpiece.
0	In noisy environs, it's difficult to hear from the earpiece.
0	inwards noisy environment, it's arduous to hear from the earpiece.
1	i brought it for my sister in college and she loves it ! 
1	i brought it for my sis in college and she dearest it ! 
1	i convey it for my sister in college and she jazz it ! 
1	The soft start is nice.
1	The soft get is nice.
1	The soft starting is nice.
1	2) Nice features, like web browser, camera, video recorder, speaker phone (very usefully), clear voice reception.
1	2) prissy feature, like web browser, camera, video recorder, speaker sound (very usefully), clear voice reception.
1	two) Nice features, ilk web browser, camera, video recorder, speaker phone (very usefully), enlighten voice reception.
1	it is small overall , bigger than the ipod , but keep in mind that this is because different , less expensive but not necessarily inferior technology is used in the zx . 
1	it is little overall , cock-a-hoop than the ipod , but restrain in idea that this is because different , less expensive but not necessarily inferior technology is expend in the zx . 
1	it is minor overall , enceinte than the ipod , but proceed in mind that this is because different , less expensive but not necessarily deficient technology is employ in the zx . 
1	 No dropouts , good signal strength all over my three story house -LRB- unit is located on the top floor -RRB- and very user friendly in the setup and security aspects .
1	 No dropout , unspoiled signal strength all over my III story domiciliate -LRB- unit is locate on the elevation floor -RRB- and very user friendly in the setup and security aspects .
1	 No dropouts , thoroughly signal strength all over my deuce-ace history house -LRB- unit is settle on the acme floor -RRB- and very user friendly in the setup and security vista .
1	I'd give it 4.5 stars if possible, but since 5 stars would be misleading, I give it 4 stars.     
1	I'd give it foursome.5 stars if potential, but since 5 stars would be mislead, I impart it 4 stars.     
1	I'd leave it 4.5 stars if possible, but since 5 stars would be misleading, I present it quartet mavin.     
1	the zen serves as a back-up device as well as a player . 
1	the zen helot as a back-up device as well as a histrion . 
1	the zen suffice as a back-up device as well as a instrumentalist . 
1	from the speakerphone that can be used up to 15 feet away with clarity , to the downloadable poly-graphic megatones that adds a personal touch to this nifty phone . 
1	from the speakerphone that can be apply up to 15 feet out with clarity , to the downloadable poly-graphic megatones that adds a personal reach to this bang-up earphone . 
1	from the speakerphone that can be use up to 15 substructure away with clearness , to the downloadable poly-graphic megatones that tot a personal disturb to this nifty phone . 
0	* eax equalizer accentuates dimished quality of mp3 files . 
0	* eax equalizer accent dimished quality of mp3 files . 
0	* eax equalizer accentuates dimished quality of mp3 charge . 
1	its speakerphone option allows us to do long talks conveniently , lying on bed &#38; phone lying by your pillowside . 
1	its speakerphone alternative allows us to do long talks conveniently , lying on jazz &#thirty-eight; phone lying by your pillowside . 
1	its speakerphone option allows u to do long utter conveniently , consist on bed &#38; phone lying by your pillowside . 
0	Unfortunately, the touch-pad issues [non-intuitive] and poor instruction guide killed it. 
0	Unfortunately, the touch-pad emerge [non-intuitive] and poor instruction manoeuver killed it. 
0	Unfortunately, the touch-pad publish [non-intuitive] and poor instruction take killed it. 
1	 These speakers are a greatg value I use them as rear speakers with polk fronts and center .
1	 These speaker are a greatg value ane use them as bum speakers with polk fronts and center .
1	 These speakers are a greatg rate I habit them as buns speakers with polk fronts and center .
0	i think this is it 's biggest flaw . 
0	i guess this is it 's biggest flaw . 
0	i think this is it 's bad flaw . 
1	 I am in the business and have seen many 19 '' LCD monitors that sell for much , much more , and aside from monitors with a higher resolution -LRB- ie 1600 x 1200 -RRB- , there is no noticable difference at all .
1	 I am in the patronage and have find many 19 '' LCD monitors that trade for much , often more , and aside from reminder with a higher firmness -LRB- ie 1600 10 1200 -RRB- , there is no noticable difference at all .
1	 iodin am in the business and have understand many 19 '' LCD monitors that sell for much , often more , and divagation from monitors with a gamey declaration -LRB- ie 1600 Adam 1200 -RRB- , there is no noticable difference at all .
0	This is not an enterprise piece of hardware that you will find in an office or corporate environment. 
0	This is not an enterprise small-arm of hardware that you will happen in an function or corporate environment. 
0	This is not an go-ahead while of hardware that you will find in an agency or corporate environment. 
1	it takes great pictures . 
1	it takes cracking pictures . 
1	it takes expectant pictures . 
1	 The sound quality is excellent, accessing the music is easy, and the controls are generally well thought out. 
1	 The sound lineament is excellent, accessing the music is easy, and the ascertain are generally well mentation out. 
1	 The strait calibre is excellent, accessing the music is easy, and the controls are generally well recall out. 
0	i forgot , the case does n't fit . 
0	i forgot , the case does n't tally . 
0	i forgot , the font does n't fit . 
1	compared to other leading hdd mp3 players , the value per gb is the tops . 
1	compared to other leading hdd mp3 musician , the valuate per gb is the tops . 
1	compared to other take hdd mp3 players , the value per gb is the A-one . 
1	i also use the phone as my modem via bluetooth to my Apple powerbook!
1	i also usance the earphone as my modem via bluetooth to my Apple powerbook!
1	i likewise apply the phone as my modem via bluetooth to my Apple powerbook!
1	with eax on , you can modify your sound , with 4 different presets , which is pretty good , you can get different variations with it . 
1	with eax on , you can modify your sound , with quaternary different presets , which is passably good , you can sustain different variance with it . 
1	with eax on , you can modify your strait , with quatern different presets , which is pretty undecomposed , you can get different mutant with it . 
1	 Fits perfectly in the corner of my small desk !!
1	 Fits perfectly in the corner of my diminished desk !!
1	 outfit perfectly in the corner of my small desk !!
0	 My Linksys froze for 30 minutes or longer when applying changes .
0	 My Linksys freeze for 30 minutes or longer when applying vary .
0	 My Linksys froze for 30 proceedings or long when applying changes .
0	Anyhow some demerits of this phone, The phone has a slow processor and the ear volume is lower than 6610 but then the 6610 has the best ear volume among most Nokia variants.
0	Anyhow some demerits of this phone, The call has a easy processor and the auricle volume is miserable than 6610 but then the 6610 has the honest ear loudness among most Nokia variants.
0	Anyhow some demerits of this phone, The phone has a tiresome processor and the pinna bulk is broken than 6610 but then the 6610 has the dependable spike volume among most Nokia variants.
0	i did have to put a little work into renaming some duplicate file names to get all my music on my zen xtra but it was n't a big problem . 
0	i did have to arrange a petty knead into renaming some duplicate file name to find all my music on my zen xtra but it was n't a bounteous problem . 
0	i did have to lay a little make into renaming some twin file describe to vex all my music on my battery-acid xtra but it was n't a big problem . 
1	I loaded a lot of photos into it and they display very clearly for such a small screen and, very importantly, the transition from one photo to the next is instantaneous. 
1	I cockeyed a dispense of photos into it and they expose very clearly for such a pocket-sized screen and, very importantly, the transition from unity exposure to the next is instantaneous. 
1	i pissed a mass of exposure into it and they display very clearly for such a pocket-size screen and, very importantly, the changeover from one photo to the next is instantaneous. 
1	i will never use all the " whistles and bells " this machine is capable of . 
1	i will never manipulation all the " whistles and bells " this auto is capable of . 
1	i will never use all the " sing and doorbell " this machine is capable of . 
0	this item broke just two weeks after i gave it to my kids for christmas . 
0	this item damp just two weeks after i gave it to my child for Christmas . 
0	this item discover just two weeks after i grant it to my tike for christmas . 
1	 I 'm very satisfied with it especially for he price .
1	 I 'm very meet with it especially for he toll .
1	 I 'm very slaked with it especially for he damage .
1	This product is by far the best Broadband Router on the market, I bought this to replace one of those Linksys Instant Wireless B routers, worked great for about a year. 
1	This merchandise is by Interahamwe the advantageously Broadband Router on the mart, i bought this to replace one of those Linksys Instant Wireless B routers, exercise great for about a year. 
1	This product is by far the honorable Broadband Router on the market, I bought this to replace matchless of those Linksys insistent Wireless b routers, mold swell for about a year. 
0	one downside : as of this writing , t-mobile has n't updated their t-zone system to fully support the 6610 . 
0	matchless downside : as of this writing , t-mobile has n't updated their t-zone organisation to fully back the 6610 . 
0	one downside : as of this save , t-mobile has n't updated their t-zone system to full sustain the 6610 . 
1	it sure does ! 
1	it indisputable does ! 
1	it trusted does ! 
0	( on here of course ) also , a couple dvd 's would n't play and they were new ones ! 
0	( on here of course ) also , a pair videodisk 's would n't bet and they were new ones ! 
0	( on here of track ) also , a twain dvd 's would n't trifle and they were new ones ! 
0	Only downside is when taking pictures in low-light conditions without the flash. 
0	Only downside is when taking ikon in low-light conditions without the tawdry. 
0	sole downside is when taking ikon in low-light conditions without the flash. 
1	the moveable lcd screen is great . 
1	the moveable lcd covert is great . 
1	the moveable lcd screen is bang-up . 
1	Right out of the box, I loved it, better features than the Ipod, great sound quality and no limitations on what music sources I can use. 
1	Right out of the box, I loved it, unspoilt features than the Ipod, cracking sound quality and no limitation on what euphony sources I can utilise. 
1	rightfulness out of the box, ace loved it, better features than the Ipod, great fathom quality and no limitations on what music root one can use. 
1	for a specific location , i still think its a great phone . 
1	for a specific emplacement , i soundless think its a great phone . 
1	for a specific location , i tranquillise think its a great earpiece . 
0	the volume level of the phone is not all that good . 
0	the volume flat of the sound is not all that good . 
0	the volume storey of the phone is not all that salutary . 
0	 Acer has been awful to deal with , they treat their customers like rubbish , and have a miserable repair facility to match their products .
0	 Acer has been awful to address with , they handle their customers like rubbish , and have a scummy repair facility to touch their products .
0	 Acer has been awful to deal with , they process their customers corresponding rubbish , and have a miserable hangout facility to match their production .
0	There were many times when I clicked the automatic shutter and nothing happens. 
0	There were many meter when I flick the automatic shutter and nothing happens. 
0	thither were many sentence when I clicked the automatic shutter and nothing happens. 
1	On top of being a workhorse and ultra reliable, it is just a plunge router that works really well.
1	On meridian of being a workhorse and radical reliable, it is just a plunge router that ferment really well.
1	On tip of being a workhorse and extremist reliable, it is just a plunge router that workplace really well.
1	they made the other end of the camera flat so you can put the camera upright on a flat surface if you don't like to take the usual horizontal pictures using the self-timer.
1	they construct the other end of the camera matted so you can redact the camera upright on a flat surface if you don't like to pack the usual horizontal show habituate the self-timer.
1	they do the other end of the camera flat so you can put the camera good on a bland surface if you don't like to takings the usual horizontal image apply the self-timer.
1	this camera is worth every penny , and i highly recommend it ! 
1	this camera is Worth every penny , and i highly advocate it ! 
1	this camera is worth every penny , and i extremely commend it ! 
0	DO NOT BUY ANY HOME VERSION OF NORTON ANYTHING.
0	DO NOT BUY ANY HOME interpretation OF NORTON ANYTHING.
0	DO NOT BUY ANY menage VERSION OF NORTON ANYTHING.
1	 However , once you crank the volume a little to a level a bit too distracting for the work I like to get done with some background music , viola , the audio is great -LRB- well , this is relative - great for a computer speaker -RRB- .
1	 However , once you fruitcake the volume a little to a level a bit too trouble for the sour I like to acquire behave with some background music , viola , the sound is enceinte -LRB- well , this is relative - capital for a computer speaker -RRB- .
1	 however , once you grouch the volume a lilliputian to a level a bit too distracting for the lick i ilk to sire done with some background music , viola , the audio is great -LRB- well , this is relative - bully for a computer speaker -RRB- .
1	The included software removes any red eye easily. 
1	The included software removes any Bolshevik eye easily. 
1	The included software removes any redness eye easily. 
1	 Sounds awesome .
1	 audio awesome .
1	 vocalize awesome .
1	just bought one & i 've enjoyed it to date . 
1	just bought one & i 've bask it to date . 
1	just buy one & i 've enjoyed it to date . 
0	Buy this if you like mental challenges or trying how to pick locks.
0	Buy this if you like genial challenges or trying how to pick operate.
0	Buy this if you like mental challenges or seek how to plectrum locks.
0	 I 've viewed numerous different monitor models since I 'm a college student and this particular monitor had as poor of picture quality as any I 've seen .
0	 I 've consider numerous different varan models since I 'm a college student and this particular monitor had as poor of painting tone as any I 've visualize .
0	 I 've viewed numerous different monitor posture since iodine 'm a college student and this particular monitor had as pitiful of picture quality as any unity 've ascertain .
1	I've had this phone for almost a year now and it has been nothing but great to use.
1	I've had this earphone for most a year now and it has been nothing but great to enjoyment.
1	I've had this phone for nearly a year now and it has been zero but great to apply.
1	NIS 2003 worked like a charm last year.
1	NIS 2003 worked care a charm last year.
1	NIS 2003 worked comparable a charm last year.
0	Back in May 2004, when I first reviewed this, it had taken me over 16 hours to install and run.
0	Back in May 2004, when ane firstly reviewed this, it had direct me over 16 hours to install and rill.
0	rachis in May 2004, when I foremost reviewed this, it had claim me over 16 hours to install and campaign.
0	 Unfortunately , the installation software crashed several times and I had to reboot my Vista PC at least twice -- not fun .
0	 alas , the installation software crashed several meter and I had to reboot my Vista microcomputer at least doubly -- not fun .
0	 unfortunately , the instalment software crashed several times and 1 had to reboot my scene PC at least twice -- not fun .
1	I've been incredibly happy with this camera.
1	I've been fabulously happy with this camera.
1	I've been unbelievably happy with this camera.
0	The FM radio's reception isn't spectacular, but it will pick up the most powerful stations in any given metro area. 
0	The FM radio's reception isn't spectacular, but it will pick up the most knock-down Stations in any collapse metro expanse. 
0	The FM radio's reception isn't spectacular, but it will selection up the most mightily Stations in any present metro area. 
1	Setup is totally breeze and Linksys's web site is pretty easy to navigate.  
1	Setup is all zephyr and Linksys's web site is pretty easy to navigate.  
1	Setup is totally breeze and Linksys's web site is fairly well-heeled to navigate.  
1	The thought of not having to buy refills and just using regular bags is awesome!
1	The guess of not having to buy refill and just using regular bulge is awesome!
1	The thought of not having to buy refills and just employ regular purse is awful!
0	Of course one of the first things I did was write an email to the customer support at Creative, through their website, and by the time they finally got back to me - several working days later when they promise only one - their suggestions were completely worthless. 
0	Of course one of the first things I did was write an e-mail to the customer accompaniment at Creative, through their website, and by the time they ultimately amaze game to me - several influence days recent when they hope only one - their suggestion were completely worthless. 
0	Of course unmatched of the start things single did was write an email to the customer accompaniment at Creative, through their website, and by the time they finally receive endorse to me - several operative days later when they promise only unitary - their trace were completely worthless. 
0	you need the software to actually transfer files 
0	you indigence the software to actually transfer files 
0	you involve the software to actually transfer files 
0	This process can be very annoying and unsafe when you are driving a stick shift on the highway.
0	This process can be very nettle and unsafe when you are driving a baffle tilt on the highway.
0	This process can be very nettlesome and unsafe when you are driving a reefer dislodge on the highway.
0	unfortunately it turns out to be the " disposable " type . 
0	unfortunately it become out to be the " disposable " type . 
0	unfortunately it bend out to be the " disposable " type . 
0	loading cds was somewhat time-consuming , but i think it would have been with the ipod as well . 
0	charge candle was somewhat time-consuming , but i think it would have been with the ipod as comfortably . 
0	lading cds was somewhat time-consuming , but i guess it would have been with the ipod as fountainhead . 
1	The software included is an easy installation and you have the option of using the Creative software, Windows Media Player 10, or simply Windows Explorer to move music back and forth between your Zen Touch. 
1	The software included is an easygoing installation and you have the option of apply the creative software, Windows medium Player x, or only Windows Explorer to move music back and forth between your Zen disturb. 
1	The software included is an well-situated instalment and you have the option of apply the Creative software, Windows Media Player 10, or simply Windows Explorer to incite medicine gage and forth between your Zen stir. 
1	because of it 's hidden features ( no macrovision , non-regional ) i keep this baby around to watch non-american region dvd 's . 
1	because of it 's enshroud sport ( no macrovision , non-regional ) i donjon this baby around to vigil non-american region dvd 's . 
1	because of it 's hidden features ( no macrovision , non-regional ) i sustain this cosset around to watch non-american area videodisc 's . 
0	the menu options appear one at a time , taking up the whole screen , and one has to scroll down one by one , or have memorized where they are in the menu order , to select them by using the number keypad . 
0	the menu options appear matchless at a sentence , ingest up the unscathed screen , and one has to whorl down single by one , or have memorized where they are in the menu club , to select them by utilise the number keypad . 
0	the menu options seem ace at a clip , bring up the completely filmdom , and one has to scroll down 1 by one , or have memorized where they are in the menu edict , to select them by using the number keypad . 
1	i love this player and am extremely happy with my decision . 
1	i love this musician and am passing happy with my decision . 
1	i screw this histrion and am extremely happy with my decision . 
1	you can do * so * much more with the pc suite , i.e. free ringtones from midi files , free graphics from any picture on your computer , and if you know how to program jme you can even make your own apps / games . 
1	you can do * so * much more with the pc suite , i.e. disengage ringtones from midi file , free graphics from any film on your figurer , and if you know how to broadcast jme you can fifty-fifty earn your own apps / plot . 
1	you can do * so * much more with the pc suite , i.e. justify ringtones from midi lodge , barren graphics from any photo on your computer , and if you love how to program jme you can flush prepare your own apps / gage . 
0	Recenly the variable speed control went out.
0	Recenly the variable speed control fit out.
0	Recenly the variable speed curb went out.
1	Aside from a 6MB++ built-in phone memory, there's a 32MB MMC card that goes with it!
1	apart from a 6MB++ built-in phone retentivity, there's a 32MB MMC card that lead with it!
1	excursus from a 6MB++ integral phone memory, there's a 32MB MMC card that tour with it!
1	In addition it is very easy to setup.  
1	In addition it is very light to setup.  
1	in addition it is very easy to setup.  
1	Wow - was that disappointing and we didn't even have it 6 months before it broke.
1	Wow - was that disappointing and we didn't fifty-fifty have it half-dozen months before it relegate.
1	wow - was that disappointing and we didn't eve have it 6 months before it damp.
0	you can see the lens barrel in the view-finder . 
0	you can construe the lens barrel in the view-finder . 
0	you can envision the lens barrel in the view-finder . 
1	in true nokia style , the phone is simple to use and despite its delicate appearance , this little guy is as durable as other nokias i have owned . 
1	in lawful nokia mode , the phone is bare to expend and despite its delicate appearance , this little cat is as durable as other nokias i have owned . 
1	in true nokia style , the earphone is bare to practice and despite its delicate appearance , this minuscule Guy is as durable as other nokias i have owned . 
0	 I only give it 4 stars because the device came with really old dd-wrt software .
0	 I only afford it four wiz because the device came with really old dd-wrt software .
0	 I only feed it 4 adept because the device came with genuinely old dd-wrt software .
0	Sure they say if it's their fault you won't get charged, but THEY are the ones who get to decide whether it's their fault.
0	Sure they allege if it's their fault you won't pose send, but THEY are the ones who incur to decide whether it's their fault.
0	Sure they enjoin if it's their fault you won't aim file, but THEY are the ones who let to decide whether it's their fault.
1	 Changing brightness is easy , with four presets and one user changeable -LRB- I leave that at minimum brightness for at night -RRB- .
1	 interchange brightness is easy , with four presets and unmatchable user changeable -LRB- ane leave that at minimum brightness for at nighttime -RRB- .
1	 vary brightness is easy , with quaternity presets and I user changeable -LRB- I provide that at minimum brightness for at night -RRB- .
0	Most of us just want to plug and play, not spend a year navigating a maze of complicated options...like transfering everything on a hard drive to this stupid thing.
0	Most of uranium just deprivation to plug and play, not spend a twelvemonth navigating a maze of refine options...like transpose everything on a hard parkway to this stupid thing.
0	Most of us just neediness to ballyhoo and gambling, not spend a class navigating a maze of complicated options...like transfering everything on a voiceless motor to this stupid thing.
0	The battery life of this phone is at most 2 days and at least one day at excessive use.
0	The battery life of this phone is at most 2 Day and at least one day at inordinate purpose.
0	The battery life of this phone is at most 2 days and at least unrivaled day at exuberant utilise.
1	All of this said [as it's on it's way back to Amazon], the one song it did include provided far better sound than the IPOD. 
1	All of this articulate [as it's on it's direction game to Amazon], the I birdcall it did include provided far better sound than the IPOD. 
1	entirely of this said [as it's on it's mode game to Amazon], the one song it did include provided far beneficial intelligent than the IPOD. 
1	Very easy to use for someone like me who's just hopping on the digital camera bandwagon.
1	Very easily to usance for person like me who's just hopping on the digital camera bandwagon.
1	rattling loose to use for someone corresponding me who's just hopping on the digital camera bandwagon.
0	When I went to put in the new SD Card I looked at the LCD Screen -- CRACKED-- and the fluid gave a Jackson Pollock type appearance to the screen, black and blue and purple blotches and streaks --useless. 
0	When I choke to cast in the new SD Card I attend at the LCD riddle -- CRACKED-- and the fluid gave a Jackson Pollock type appearance to the screen, melanise and bluing and purple blotches and mottle --useless. 
0	When single work to put in the freshly SD Card iodine looked at the LCD Screen -- CRACKED-- and the fluid gave a Jackson Pollock case appearance to the screen, Negro and blue and purpurate blotches and streaks --useless. 
1	It's rechargable and supposedly easy to replace though I haven't had to do it yet of course. 
1	It's rechargable and supposedly light to replace though one haven't had to do it yet of trend. 
1	It's rechargable and supposedly well-fixed to replace though I haven't had to do it heretofore of row. 
1	i am quite happy with the camera . 
1	i am quite felicitous with the camera . 
1	i am quite well-chosen with the camera . 
1	The battery holds a charge for a very long time (maybe 15 or so hours of use) so realistically there are no real range or endurance issues associated with iPod use. 
1	The battery holds a bang for a very foresightful time (maybe 15 or so hr of apply) so realistically there are no real range or endurance proceeds associated with iPod purpose. 
1	The battery throw a boot for a very long time (maybe 15 or so hour of use) so realistically there are no real grasp or endurance release associated with iPod usage. 
1	This camera is perfect for the person who wants a compact camera that produces excellent photos in just about any situation. 
1	This camera is consummate for the individual who wants a thickset camera that get excellent photos in just about any situation. 
1	This camera is perfect for the person who wants a thickset camera that acquire splendid exposure in just about any situation. 
0	Now it will start smelling if you leave it with diapers in it for an extended period but all of them will!
0	Now it will outset smelling if you give it with diaper in it for an lengthy period but all of them will!
0	straightaway it will commencement smelling if you leave it with diapers in it for an lengthened catamenia but all of them will!
1	i have owned this camera for a short time and would n't give it up for anything . 
1	i have have this camera for a forgetful time and would n't return it up for anything . 
1	i have own this camera for a forgetful time and would n't open it up for anything . 
1	It is heavy enough to make it stable, but not too heavy to preclude hand use.
1	It is gravid enough to clear it stable, but not too sullen to preclude hand use.
1	It is heavily enough to puddle it stable, but not too overweight to preclude hand use.
1	It'll make life a lot easier, and preclude you from having to give this product a negative review.  
1	It'll crap life a lot easier, and preclude you from having to give this ware a negative follow-up.  
1	It'll hold life a slew easier, and preclude you from having to yield this product a negative review.  
1	in the hands of someone who does n't , it will yield good results on idiot program / auto mode . 
1	in the hands of someone who does n't , it will afford good results on moron program / auto style . 
1	in the hands of someone who does n't , it will cede soundly results on idiot syllabus / auto mode . 
1	 No problems with any of those connections .
1	 No problems with any of those connector .
1	 nobelium problems with any of those connections .
0	 Also, not liking the gel case. 
0	 Also, not liking the gel incase. 
0	 Also, not liking the gel sheath. 
0	My other nit is that it didn't include at least some kind of carrying case for everything.  
0	My other nit is that it didn't include at least some form of behave encase for everything.  
0	My other nit is that it didn't include at least some tolerant of deport typeface for everything.  
1	- Looks sleek, compact, has a radio.  
1	- appear sleek, compact, has a radio.  
1	- feeling sleek, compact, has a radio.  
1	I like the speed control.
1	1 like the speed control.
1	I like the speed master.
0	Is it necessary to scan my MS Money database when I close the program?
0	Is it necessary to rake my Ms Money database when I close the program?
0	live it necessary to scan my megabyte Money database when I close the program?
1	this player is an ideal purchase . 
1	this participant is an ideal purchase . 
1	this player is an nonsuch purchase . 
0	I tried it again this morning and it said I didn't have the required "permissions" and lacked proper administrator status.
0	I strain it again this morning and it pronounce I didn't have the necessitate "permissions" and lacked proper executive status.
0	I tested it again this morning and it said iodine didn't have the required "permission" and lacked right administrator status.
0	Opening the Champ to empty out the bag is a little tricky- I pinched my thumb a few times before I got the hang of it.
0	orifice the Champ to empty out the bag is a short tricky- I adenoidal my thumb a few times before I arrive the cling of it.
0	porta the champ to empty out the bag is a short tricky- I pinched my hitch a few times before I stick the hang of it.
0	  And if you're a Mac user like me, they've naturally made sure you have no viable alternative.  
0	  And if you're a Mac user like me, they've course defecate certainly you have no viable alternative.  
0	  And if you're a mackintosh user similar me, they've naturally get sure you have no viable alternative.  
1	- the replacable battery is great since once it eventually wears out ( as all lithium batteries do ) , you will be able to buy another easily . 
1	- the replacable battery is nifty since once it eventually bear out ( as all Li bombardment do ) , you will be able to buy another easily . 
1	- the replacable battery is slap-up since once it eventually bust out ( as all lithium barrage do ) , you will be able to steal another easily . 
1	the battery recharges ral fast and the recharger thingy that comes with is real nice . 
1	the battery recharges ral profligate and the recharger thingy that comes with is genuine gracious . 
1	the bombardment recharges ral fasting and the recharger thingy that comes with is material nice . 
0	It constantly drops the internet connection and simple things like WALLS in our house block the link so everything is very slow.  
0	IT constantly drops the internet connection and simple things like rampart in our house bar the relate so everything is very slow.  
0	It constantly drops the internet connection and simple things alike WALLS in our menage embarrass the link so everything is very decelerate.  
1	I have only used it with the 1/4" collet and a 1/2" round over bit, but I love how it starts up with little torque and runs very quietly.
1	ane have only used it with the 1/4" collet and a 1/2" round over minute, but I screw how it bulge up with piffling torque and flow very quietly.
1	i have only used it with the I/4" collet and a 1/2" round over number, but I lovemaking how it starts up with little torque and ravel very quiet.
0	You must keep double checking depths.
0	You must keep dual checking depths.
0	You must keep image checking depths.
1	As far as Linksys goes, I have used several of their products and they seem to hold up well - no problems.     
1	As far as Linksys operate, I have exploited several of their products and they appear to arrest up well - no problems.     
1	amp far as Linksys expire, ane have used several of their products and they seem to postponement up well - no problems.     
1	the pictures are razor-sharp , even in macro . 
1	the characterization are razor-sharp , even in macro . 
1	the film are razor-sharp , even in macro . 
1	Speaking of battery, it's removable AND replaceable! 
1	speaking of battery, it's removable AND replaceable! 
1	speechmaking of battery, it's removable AND replaceable! 
0	But it wouldn't let me turn the AV protection back on and it wouldn't stop with the alerts.
0	But it wouldn't let me wrick the AV protection backward on and it wouldn't diaphragm with the alerts.
0	But it wouldn't permit me twist the AV protection back on and it wouldn't end with the alerts.
0	 There technical service isn't helpful either; they just read what's on their website and charge you $50 (+ toll fees) to do it.
0	 There technical serve isn't helpful either; they just learn what's on their website and commit you $50 (+ toll tip) to do it.
0	 There technical service isn't helpful either; they just translate what's on their website and cathexis you $fifty (+ toll fee) to do it.
0	 However , SharePort on this new router worked 0 % of the time .
0	 However , SharePort on this fresh router forge 0 % of the time .
0	 withal , SharePort on this new router exercise 0 % of the time .
1	I got it working fast enough.  
1	I come it working fast enough.  
1	I flummox it working fast enough.  
1	I've had almost no problems with the firmware (ie, lock-ups, shut-downs etc), but I have kept the player up to date. 
1	I've had most no problems with the firmware (ie, lock-ups, shut-downs etc), but 1 have celebrate the player up to see. 
1	I've had nearly no problems with the microcode (ie, lock-ups, shut-downs etc), but iodine have kept the participant up to date. 
1	yes , i recommend it over the competition . 
1	yes , i advocate it over the competition . 
1	yes , i recommend it over the contest . 
1	We were able to obtain a Norton Corporate Edition of Antivirus only (no firewall or utilities) and so far it's great.
1	We were able to find a Norton collective variant of Antivirus only (no firewall or utilities) and so far it's gravid.
1	We were able-bodied to obtain a Norton corporate variant of Antivirus only (no firewall or utilities) and so far it's dandy.
0	the vibrate setting is loud ! 
0	the vibrate limit is loud ! 
0	the vibrate ready is loud ! 
1	it has a nice color screen . 
1	it has a nice color sieve . 
1	it has a nice colourise screen . 
1	turn the camera on while pressing the button (or is it the menu button? i have to check again =)) and it'l show you the time and date. 
1	number the camera on while constrict the button (or is it the menu button? i have to handicap again =)) and it'l record you the metre and date. 
1	round the camera on while pressure the button (or is it the menu button? i have to balk again =)) and it'l present you the sentence and date. 
1	I found that to be the most impressive thing about the iPod 'mini' - basically for ease of use, and the feel it gives. 
1	I base that to be the most impressive thing about the iPod 'mini' - basically for ease of manipulation, and the finger it pay. 
1	ane found that to be the most impressive thing about the iPod 'mini' - basically for rest of utilise, and the feel it return. 
0	The internet connection would go down every 5 mins when I used it with a P2P program called Bitspirit.  
0	The internet connection would run down every pentad Fukkianese when I used it with a P2P program called Bitspirit.  
0	The internet connexion would proceed down every 5 mins when I used it with a P2P program call Bitspirit.  
0	But, sometimes, if the Champ is too full, the flip handle won't function.
0	But, sometimes, if the Champ is too full, the impudent handle won't mapping.
0	But, sometimes, if the Champ is too total, the flip handle won't use.
1	the 4300 comes with excellent easy to install software i use it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and video cable . 
1	the 4300 derive with excellent well-off to install software i employment it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and video cablegram . 
1	the 4300 ejaculate with excellent tardily to install software i manipulation it on xp and win98 without problem , barrage charger , usb and video cable . 
0	i hate apex but love amazon , and i tell everyone . 
0	i hate apex but lovemaking amazon , and i Tell everyone . 
0	i hate apex but lovemaking amazon , and i order everyone . 
1	So far, the Anti-Spam feature seems to be very good.
1	So far, the Anti-Spam sport seems to be very practiced.
1	indeed far, the Anti-Spam feature seems to be very unspoiled.
1	The player looks SO much better when you're actually holding it. 
1	The player count SO much honest when you're actually holding it. 
1	The player feel SO much better when you're actually take it. 
0	 I do n't think the external switch is much of a feature because in the end , you have to learn how to identify IP addresses , switch the router from from a dynamic to static IP address , and assign a static IP address that is compatible with your router or modem .
0	 1 do n't think the extraneous substitution is much of a feature because in the oddment , you have to hear how to identify IP plow , switching the router from from a dynamic to electrostatic IP address , and assign a still IP speech that is compatible with your router or modem .
0	 one do n't opine the extraneous switch is practically of a feature because in the end , you have to teach how to identify IP deal , switch the router from from a dynamic to motionless IP call , and allot a static IP plow that is compatible with your router or modem .
1	I'm not sure whether this is related to the charge cycle of its Li-Ion battery, the better firmware, or a combination of both factors. 
1	I'm not sure whether this is concern to the agitate Hz of its Li-Ion battery, the proficient firmware, or a combination of both factors. 
1	I'm not surely whether this is refer to the complaint cycle of its Li-Ion battery, the good firmware, or a combination of both factors. 
1	If I had to do it over, I wouldn't buy anything else.
1	If 1 had to do it over, I wouldn't bribe anything else.
1	If i had to do it over, I wouldn't purchase anything else.
1	this camera has a cool stitch pictures feature , to find out more just log on to canon 's website . 
1	this camera has a assuredness stitch flick feature , to retrieve out more just log on to canon 's website . 
1	this camera has a nerveless stitch visualize feature , to notice out more just log on to canon 's website . 
1	+Sorts music by artist, album, genre, etc... it's easy to wade through 5 gigs of tunes to find what you're looking for. 
1	+Sorts music by artist, album, genre, etc... it's well-off to wade through 5 gigs of tune to obtain what you're attend for. 
1	+classify music by artist, album, genre, etc... it's well-heeled to wade through 5 gigs of tunes to happen what you're see for. 
1	While I have not had the "privilege", as many call it, of owning an Ipod, based on the experience of friends who have had some misfortune with their Ipod (and subsequently purchased the Zen Touch or Zen Micro), I can pretty much rest assured that my decision to purchase the Zen Micro was one of the more informed ones.
1	While iodin have not had the "privilege", as many scream it, of possess an Ipod, based on the live of supporter who have had some misfortune with their Ipod (and subsequently purchased the dose allude or Zen Micro), I can fairly lots relaxation assured that my decision to purchase the Zen Micro was peerless of the more informed ones.
1	While iodine have not had the "privilege", as many claim it, of own an Ipod, base on the know of champion who have had some misfortune with their Ipod (and subsequently purchased the Zen equal or Elvis Micro), I can pretty much roost assure that my decision to purchase the Zen Micro was 1 of the more informed ones.
1	Best of all the WMAs(I have a lot of them) sound great.  
1	Best of all the WMAs(I have a portion of them) sound corking.  
1	good of all the WMAs(I have a lot of them) sound majuscule.  
1	seriously ! i love it ! 
1	seriously ! i enjoy it ! 
1	seriously ! i honey it ! 
1	You can take pic of your friends and the picture will pop up when they call.
1	You can aim exposure of your friends and the picture will pop up when they phone.
1	You can take flick of your friends and the picture will tonic up when they bid.
0	 When the SecureSpot free trial finishes , they ask you to buy it and when you do n't , it stops working well .
0	 When the SecureSpot free trial stop , they enquire you to buy it and when you do n't , it Michigan make well .
0	 When the SecureSpot unfreeze trial finishes , they ask you to buy it and when you do n't , it quit work fountainhead .
1	whether you 're taking a brisk jog , waiting for a bus or just having lunch at the park , you 'll be glad you had the fm radio . 
1	whether you 're direct a fresh jog , expect for a omnibus or just having tiffin at the park , you 'll be glad you had the fm radio . 
1	whether you 're taking a refreshing jog , await for a coach or just having lunch at the commons , you 'll be gladiola you had the fm radio . 
1	with the automatic settings , i really have n't taken a bad picture yet . 
1	with the automatic settings , i really have n't conduct a uncollectible picture yet . 
1	with the automatic settings , i really have n't hold a bad delineation yet . 
1	The computer interface is 90% good, only losing points due to the fact that "Creative" branding is all over the place within it. 
1	The computer interface is 90% serious, only losing tip due to the fact that "Creative" denounce is all over the commit within it. 
1	The computer interface is 90% unspoilt, only losing detail due to the fact that "Creative" stigmatization is all over the berth within it. 
1	there was no compromise this little camera does amazing things. 
1	there was no compromise this piddling camera does vex things. 
1	there was no compromise this short camera does amaze things. 
0	With the PlungeLIFT all my bit changing has been done above the table, although I still have to reach below the table to operate the spindle lock (and, of course, the speed and ON/OFF controls).
0	With the PlungeLIFT all my bit changing has been answer above the table, although I ease have to grasp below the prorogue to maneuver the spindle operate (and, of course, the speed and ON/OFF insure).
0	With the PlungeLIFT all my sting changing has been coiffure above the prorogue, although I silent have to reach below the remit to operate the spindle lock (and, of course, the accelerate and ON/OFF contain).
1	ability to play most discs - i tried dvd , vcd , dvd-r , audio cd and it played all 
1	ability to romp most disk - i tried dvd , vcd , dvd-r , audio cd and it spiel all 
1	ability to trifle most discs - i tested videodisc , vcd , dvd-r , audio cd and it played all 
0	the catch is that , while it plays movies just fine , it has refused to read second discs with the movie " extras " on them on the two occaisions when i tried to do that . 
0	the grab is that , while it trifle movies just fine , it has refused to translate indorsement discs with the picture " extras " on them on the two occaisions when i time-tested to do that . 
0	the trance is that , while it spiel movies just fine , it has refused to scan second platter with the movie " extras " on them on the ii occaisions when i adjudicate to do that . 
1	and really this is the best phone one could have . 
1	and really this is the best ring 1 could have . 
1	and really this is the dear phone ane could have . 
1	i like the auto fit feature = you can stretch widescreen dvd 's to normal . 
1	i like the auto accommodate feature = you can debase widescreen dvd 's to normal . 
1	i like the auto correspond feature = you can elongate widescreen dvd 's to normal . 
1	touchups , redeye , and so on are very easy to alter , and correct . 
1	touchups , redeye , and so on are very loose to modify , and correct . 
1	touchups , redeye , and so on are very well-heeled to alter , and counterbalance . 
0	at first i thought it is only a isolated incident , but i was proven wrong when the player would not read my " alias " dvds as well . 
0	at 1st i consider it is only a apart incident , but i was rise wrong when the player would not show my " alias " dvds as well . 
0	at first i thought it is only a isolated incidental , but i was show incorrectly when the player would not learn my " alias " dvds as considerably . 
0	NAGATIVES of the Player itself:  You need to do a little work before having full enjoyement of this player.  
0	NAGATIVES of the Player itself:  You ask to do a little wreak before having wax enjoyement of this player.  
0	NAGATIVES of the musician itself:  You need to do a little make before having good enjoyement of this player.  
0	DOWNSIDE: It takes a long time to start up.
0	DOWNSIDE: It bring a long time to start up.
0	DOWNSIDE: It submit a long time to start up.
0	always carried it in a case in by briefcase but one day the hard drive just zapped . 
0	always bear it in a shell in by briefcase but one day the knockout drive just zapped . 
0	always extend it in a cause in by briefcase but one day the strong drive just zapped . 
0	i purchased two of these players for christmas gifts , and both were bad . 
0	i purchased two of these participant for christmas gifts , and both were uncollectible . 
0	i purchased two of these players for christmas endowment , and both were sorry . 
0	1. Your Hitachi might come to you with a stiff spring mechanism.
0	1. Your Hitachi might follow to you with a stiff springtime mechanism.
0	1. Your Hitachi might semen to you with a steady spring mechanism.
0	For my first I had a diaper genie which was not only costly with the refills but it was also very stinky.
0	For my showtime I had a diaper genie which was not only pricey with the refills but it was likewise very icky.
0	For my world-class one had a diaper genie which was not only pricy with the refills but it was also very icky.
1	The included fence guide is easy to set up and quite accurate as well.
1	The included argue guide is tardily to set up and quite accurate as well.
1	The included contend guide is easy to sic up and quite accurate as well.
0	After 10 years, I now downloaded McCaffee's product after calling their support....they answered quickly, and for free, and were very helpful.
0	After 10 years, 1 now downloaded McCaffee's product after squall their endorse....they answered quickly, and for destitute, and were very helpful.
0	afterwards decade years, iodine now downloaded McCaffee's product after calling their substantiate....they answered quickly, and for free, and were very helpful.
1	The new router came with an updated setup utility that makes getting the router installed a fairly straight forward process. 
1	The new router amount with an updated setup utility that makes mother the router installed a fairly straight ahead sue. 
1	The new router derive with an updated setup utility that crap getting the router installed a fairly uncoiled forward march. 
1	you can move the focus range to almost anywhere in the scene with the push of a button , and it has an on-screen manual focus mode that would be really helpful if shooting a scene that is tough to automatically focus . 
1	you can movement the focus range to nearly anywhere in the aspect with the fight of a button , and it has an on-screen manual focus manner that would be real helpful if shooting a view that is tough to automatically pore . 
1	you can proceed the rivet roll to almost anywhere in the scene with the advertise of a button , and it has an on-screen manual stress mode that would be genuinely helpful if shooting a shot that is yob to automatically focus . 
0	If you want to purchase a real case or container or clip-on carrier for you Zen Micro, expect to purchase it separately and to dish out big time. . 
0	If you desire to purchase a literal font or container or clip-on carrier for you Zen Micro, expect to purchase it separately and to lulu out prominent time. . 
0	If you want to purchase a substantial case or container or clip-on carrier for you acid Micro, expect to purchase it separately and to saucer out bounteous metre. . 
1	great camera , great investment ! 
1	great camera , peachy investment ! 
1	swell camera , great investment ! 
0	Norton Internet Security 2004 is one of the more buggy implementations.
0	Norton Internet Security 2004 is unrivaled of the more dotty implementations.
0	Norton net Security 2004 is one of the more bats implementations.
1	the lcd screen pulls out and rotates in any direction for easy pictures . 
1	the lcd screen deplumate out and circumvolve in any direction for easy pictures . 
1	the lcd screen pulls out and rotates in any charge for tardily pictures . 
1	overall this is a slightly better than average phone . 
1	overall this is a slightly ameliorate than average phone . 
1	overall this is a slightly better than ordinary phone . 
1	all-in-all, its good enough for its price as long as it doesnt break again due to normal use.       
1	all-in-all, its good enough for its price as prospicient as it doesnt faulting again ascribable to normal use.       
1	all-in-all, its good enough for its price as retentive as it doesnt founder again due to normal utilize.       
0	i tried called apex cust service , no help . 
0	i tried phone apex cust service , no help . 
0	i tried prognosticate apex cust service , no help . 
1	 am so glad I bought this camera. 
1	 am so glad single bought this camera. 
1	 am so gladiolus I bought this camera. 
1	User Interface: The software is simple and straight forward. 
1	User Interface: The software is dewy-eyed and straight forward. 
1	User Interface: The software is simple and uncoiled forward. 
0	had there been strange noises , or obvious defects , i would have accepted a replacement , but this is clearly from a defective and inferior operating system and i for one do not intend on waiting for patches . 
0	had there been foreign noises , or obvious defects , i would have accept a replacement , but this is clearly from a defective and inferior operating arrangement and i for matchless do not signify on wait for fleck . 
0	had there been unusual randomness , or obvious defects , i would have recognised a replenishment , but this is understandably from a defective and subscript operating arrangement and i for one do not intend on waiting for patches . 
0	You can upgrade but then there's a certain level of trouble involved.
0	You can promote but then there's a certain raze of trouble involved.
0	You can upgrade but then there's a certain tied of trouble involve.
1	The popup blocker and anti-spam are bonuses.
1	The popup blocker and anti-spam are bonus.
1	The popup blocker and anti-spam are fillip.
1	 Good battery life !
1	 Good battery sprightliness !
1	 Good shelling life !
0	like other reviewers , installation was hell . 
0	like other reviewers , installation was Inferno . 
0	like other reviewers , installing was hell . 
0	The only con I can think of is the lack of a mega-pixel camera.
0	The only diddle I can reckon of is the lack of a mega-pixel camera.
0	The only gip I can cogitate of is the lack of a mega-pixel camera.
0	6 ) the case occludes the display screen when it is closed . 
0	sestet ) the encase occludes the display screen when it is closed . 
0	sextuplet ) the case occludes the display shield when it is closed . 
1	The blue backlight is pretty cool. 
1	The disconsolate backlight is pretty cool. 
1	The low-spirited backlight is pretty cool. 
0	the only thing missing is an option to adjust the balance . 
0	the only affair missing is an option to adjust the residuum . 
0	the only thing pretermit is an option to adjust the symmetry . 
0	5 ) lack of good accessories - this is more of an oversight of creative 's marketing . 
0	fin ) lack of expert accessories - this is more of an oversight of creative 's commercialize . 
0	quint ) lack of unspoiled accessories - this is more of an oversight of originative 's marketing . 
0	 It 's a fun little gadget , do n't expect high definition sound .
0	 It 's a fun little gadget , do n't anticipate high definition well-grounded .
0	 It 's a sport picayune gadget , do n't expect high definition sound .
0	2- It is bulky and the small buttons on the sides are sloppy to use .
0	2- It is bulky and the modest buttons on the sides are soggy to utilize .
0	2- It is bulky and the small clit on the side are sloppy to utilise .
0	 D-Link support was polite and tried to help , but just worked through a script and was unsuccessful .
0	 D-Link patronise was polite and assay to help , but just cultivate through a script and was unsuccessful .
0	 D-Link stomach was polite and try to help , but just cultivate through a script and was unsuccessful .
1	very sleek & stylish as well as the screen options and visuals it has . 
1	very silken & stylish as well as the sieve options and visuals it has . 
1	very sleek & stylish as good as the screenland options and visuals it has . 
1	 This router is phenomenal !
1	 This router is phenomenal !
0	 My only complaint to date is that it dropped the security settings once and I am not sure why ; do n't know if it was something that I did or if it was a malfunction of the router .
0	 My only complaint to date is that it shed the security mount once and iodin am not surely why ; do n't bonk if it was something that iodin did or if it was a misfunction of the router .
0	 My only ill to engagement is that it omit the security circumstance once and I am not certainly why ; do n't cognize if it was something that one did or if it was a malfunction of the router .
0	The battery issue is superficially a concern, but any reasonable solder-jockey (such as myself :-) can pop in a new one when the time comes (based upon the plentiful info gained from a google for 'ipod battery replacement').   
0	The battery proceeds is superficially a fear, but any reasonable solder-jockey (such as myself :-) can pop in a Modern unrivalled when the time comes (based upon the bountiful information acquire from a google for 'ipod battery replacement').   
0	The battery subject is superficially a business, but any reasonable solder-jockey (such as myself :-) can protrude in a newfangled one when the time occur (based upon the rich info gain from a google for 'ipod battery replacement').   
1	i recently purchased the canon powershot g3 and am extremely satisfied with the purchase . 
1	i latterly purchased the canon powershot g3 and am super satisfied with the purchase . 
1	i recently purchased the canon powershot g3 and am super fulfil with the purchase . 
1	 And, with the iPods' full volume up, all you have to do is adjust your receivers' volume and your set, since the iPod itself acts as a strong amplifer of its' own.
1	 And, with the iPods' full book up, all you have to do is aline your receivers' bulk and your put, since the iPod itself do as a impregnable amplifer of its' own.
1	 And, with the iPods' wax volume up, all you have to do is conform your receivers' bulk and your localise, since the iPod itself Acts as a warm amplifer of its' own.
1	FYI, Battery doesn't die if you don't use LCD
1	FYI, Battery doesn't die if you don't employ LCD
1	FYI, Battery doesn't perish if you don't use LCD
1	The product has worked perfectly for me on my XP.
1	The intersection has lick perfectly for me on my XP.
1	The merchandise has mold perfectly for me on my XP.
1	this phone is a winner ... 
1	this phone is a succeeder ... 
1	this phone is a victor ... 
0	But my biggest gripe is still the extremely ugly design.  
0	But my biggest gripe is placid the extremely surly design.  
0	But my great gripe is still the super ugly design.  
1	Using your own bags is much cheaper and convenient.
1	Using your own bags is much brassy and convenient.
1	Using your own bulge is much cheaper and convenient.
1	the picturers are amazing . 
1	the picturers are astonish . 
1	the picturers are puzzle . 
0	unfortunately , the 6610 does not offer voice dialing like my previous phone , but the other features it packs outweighs this shortcoming . 
0	unfortunately , the 6610 does not crack articulation dialing like my previous phone , but the other feature it compact outweighs this shortcoming . 
0	unfortunately , the 6610 does not fling voice dialing wish my previous headphone , but the other features it multitude outweighs this shortcoming . 
1	have used it frequently and have had no problems . 
1	have practice it frequently and have had no problems . 
1	have use it frequently and have had no problems . 
1	I'm not gonna go into the features cause if you're reading this review, you've probably already looked at them, but I must say the DJ feature if Very cool and the removable battery is also a bonus!  
1	I'm not gonna go into the features drive if you're learn this revue, you've believably already looked at them, but I must say the DJ lineament if real coolheaded and the removable battery is also a bonus!  
1	I'm not gonna lead into the features cause if you're show this review, you've likely already seem at them, but I must pronounce the DJ feature if real nerveless and the removable battery is also a bonus!  
0	creative are * the * sound people for computers , i can 't understand why eax would introduce static . 
0	creative are * the * reasoned people for computers , i can 't interpret why eax would precede static . 
0	creative are * the * vocalise people for computers , i can 't realize why eax would introduce inactive . 
1	it is a fantastic camera and well worth the price . 
1	it is a fantastic camera and fountainhead worth the damage . 
1	it is a grotesque camera and swell worth the price . 
1	 PROS : So off I went to get a faster router , and this one did the job I bought it for admirably .
1	 PROS : So off i choke to draw a faster router , and this one did the job ace bought it for admirably .
1	 PROS : So off one lead to scram a libertine router , and this one did the job I bought it for admirably .
1	the unit works great with my cassette adapter for my car & is also easily worked without taking your eyes off the road ! 
1	the unit influence great with my cassette adapter for my car & is also easy solve without winning your eyes off the road ! 
1	the whole turn great with my cassette transcriber for my car & is also easily exercise without taking your eyes off the road ! 
1	the battery life seems good , takes very lttle time to charge , it uploads mp3s quickly and there is no delay between songs . 
1	the battery animation seems well , learn very lttle time to institutionalise , it uploads mp3s quickly and there is no delay between songs . 
1	the battery lifespan seems unspoiled , guide very lttle time to thrill , it uploads mp3s quickly and there is no delay between songs . 
1	But you can download some really good ones like pac-man or mafia wars.
1	But you can download some really beneficial one like pac-man or mafia wars.
1	But you can download some really practiced ones like pac-man or maffia wars.
0	one also exhibited extremely slow speed when going to the menu . 
0	one also exhibited extremely easy speed when going to the fare . 
0	one too exhibited extremely slow speed when fit to the menu . 
0	the dvd door would scratch the top of the disc every time it closed . 
0	the dvd door would prick the top of the disc every clock it closed . 
0	the dvd door would scraping the pinch of the disc every time it closed . 
1	In my table the M12V has been a real champ.
1	In my table the M12V has been a literal title-holder.
1	inward my defer the M12V has been a real champ.
1	downloads are a snap and quick . 
1	downloads are a centering and quick . 
1	downloads are a snap and nimble . 
0	Luckily the soft start helped before it took the wood and tossed it or worse case, a finger.
0	Luckily the soft start helped before it make the wood and tossed it or regretful case, a feel.
0	Luckily the sonant scratch helped before it select the wood and tossed it or worse case, a finger.
1	 Love this speaker .
1	 love this speaker .
1	 passion this speaker .
0	the only thing i 'm concerned about is the quality / longevity of the buttons on the thing . 
0	the only thing i 'm touch about is the choice / longevity of the clitoris on the thing . 
0	the only thing i 'm touch about is the choice / longevity of the push on the thing . 
1	 and I love extremely low , loud bass , and as such , I suplemented the system with a sweet JBL sub .
1	 and I screw extremely low , loud bass , and as such , I suplemented the organization with a sweet JBL substitute .
1	 and i love extremely low-pitched , loud bass , and as such , I suplemented the system with a sugared JBL sub .
1	the larger lens of the g3 gives better picture quality in low light , and the 4-times optical zooms gets you just that much closer . 
1	the larger lens of the g3 consecrate better picture quality in low-pitched light , and the 4-times optical zooms stupefy you just that much close . 
1	the larger lens of the g3 gives improve photograph quality in low ignite , and the 4-times optical zooms cause you just that much closer . 
1	retraction : said mine had silver plate : it does have display . 
1	abjuration : aforesaid mine had silver plate : it does have display . 
1	retraction : aver mine had silver plate : it does have expose . 
1	A decent peice of hardware with great speed (I get the same speeds as with my comp connected directly to the modem)  and good signal quality. 
1	A decent peice of hardware with large upper (1 make the same speeds as with my comp affiliated directly to the modem)  and good signal quality. 
1	angstrom enough peice of hardware with great speeding (I get the same speeds as with my comp connected straight to the modem)  and good signaling quality. 
0	 I bought this set it up and would not connect at wireless N speeds .
0	 i bought this jell it up and would not connect at wireless N speeds .
0	 unity bought this primed it up and would not connect at wireless N speeds .
0	the second lasted about two weeks before the video went out ! 
0	the irregular live about two weeks before the video went out ! 
0	the secondment lasted about two weeks before the video last out ! 
1	The photo quality is amazing. 
1	The photo quality is amaze. 
1	The photo quality is flummox. 
1	You need to know absolutely nothing about setting up the network.  
1	You necessitate to know absolutely nothing about typeset up the network.  
1	You need to experience absolutely nothing about jell up the network.  
0	my only reservations about this product concern the tagging process and the way it interacts with the software . 
0	my only reservations about this product business the tagging litigate and the style it interacts with the software . 
0	my only reservations about this product vexation the trail summons and the way it interacts with the software . 
1	i took it to my father 's house to play a tom jones concert dvd and he loved the player so much i gave it to him . 
1	i conduct it to my don 's house to gambol a tom jones concert dvd and he loved the instrumentalist so much i commit it to him . 
1	i guide it to my engender 's house to turn a tom jones concert dvd and he bonk the player so much i contribute it to him . 
0	the unit itself did lock up a few times and i had to hit the reset button but that was a fairly painless process as well . 
0	the unit itself did lock up a few clock and i had to make the reset clitoris but that was a fairly painless operation as considerably . 
0	the whole itself did mesh up a few times and i had to dispatch the reset button but that was a pretty painless process as swell . 
0	( i knew this before hand , and it is not that bad ) there is no tiff format . 
0	( i bed this before give , and it is not that sorry ) there is no tiff format . 
0	( i cognize this before hand , and it is not that regretful ) there is no tiff initialise . 
0	this player is an overall disappointment with a couple of big flaws that potential buyers should be wary of ; and all readers need to know about a third party software company that resolves virtually all of the creative mediasource file transfer issues . 
0	this player is an overall disappointment with a twain of big flaws that potential buyers should be untrusting of ; and all lector need to know about a third party software company that purpose nearly all of the creative mediasource lodge shift number . 
0	this player is an overall disappointment with a twosome of boastfully flaws that potential purchaser should be leery of ; and all readers need to recognise about a third party software company that firmness virtually all of the creative mediasource file channelise event . 
1	i really have no complaints over this unit . 
1	i really have no ill over this unit . 
1	i truly have no complaints over this unit . 
1	i am very pleased so far . 
1	i am very pleased so ALIR . 
1	i am very pleased so Interahamwe . 
1	i am able to carry it close to my body , in places where other phones are not so easily concealed . 
1	i am able to extend it unaired to my body , in position where other call are not so easily concealed . 
1	i am capable to impart it conclusion to my body , in places where other phone are not so easily concealed . 
1	there are a lot of things i like about it . 
1	there are a circle of affair i like about it . 
1	there are a mess of thing i like about it . 
1	 The battery has a great life and the sound quality is very good -LRB- not professional but definitely good enough for the average consumer -RRB- .
1	 The battery has a bang-up life and the effectual quality is very ripe -LRB- not pro but definitely honest enough for the average consumer -RRB- .
1	 The battery has a great liveliness and the well-grounded tone is very good -LRB- not professional but definitely full enough for the middling consumer -RRB- .
0	another irriation is that if you hold the scroll button down for too long , it keeps going past the song you may have wanted to stop on . 
0	another irriation is that if you adjudge the scroll button down for too long , it keeps run past the call you may have require to break on . 
0	another irriation is that if you control the scroll clitoris down for too retentive , it proceed extend past the song you may have wanted to stop on . 
1	because other people that complain about this player are talking bull , this player is awesome , it just breaks fast , which is horrible . 
1	because other people that complain about this instrumentalist are verbalise bull , this player is awing , it just bankrupt fast , which is horrible . 
1	because other people that complain about this player are tattle bull , this player is amazing , it just break profligate , which is horrible . 
0	 I tried to use these with my laptop -LRB- Dell Inspiron 1720 -RRB- but could n't get rid of the buzzing noise others have mentioned , no matter how far I moved them from the computer or where I plugged them in .
0	 1 seek to use these with my laptop -LRB- dingle Inspiron 1720 -RRB- but could n't convey rid of the buzzing resound others have mentioned , no matter how far i impress them from the calculator or where I plugged them in .
0	 I try to usance these with my laptop -LRB- Dell Inspiron 1720 -RRB- but could n't convey free of the buzzing randomness others have mentioned , no affair how ALIR one moved them from the computer or where I plugged them in .
1	 <p> I am very happy about my investment and the quality service of Amazon and J&R store .
1	 <p> one am very well-chosen about my investment and the prize service of Amazon and J&R store .
1	 <p> single am very happy about my investment and the choice service of Amazon and j&R store .
0	the only beef i can raise in this regard is the pop-off face , that sometimes comes off a bit easily , but besides that it 's perfect . 
0	the only beef i can kindle in this gaze is the pop-off face , that sometimes semen off a flake easily , but besides that it 's thoroughgoing . 
0	the only squawk i can erect in this regard is the pop-off expression , that sometimes occur off a bit easily , but besides that it 's utter . 
0	2 . it takes a while for the camera to actually capture the photograph from the time you click the button and i have seen people becoming a little impatient waiting for the flash to glow . 
0	2 . it ask a while for the camera to actually capture the picture from the time you clack the push and i have realize people become a little impatient waiting for the flash to freshness . 
0	2 . it charter a while for the camera to actually capture the photograph from the time you snap the button and i have look people becoming a piffling impatient expect for the tacky to radiance . 
0	the included memory card is too small . 
0	the included memory card is too humble . 
0	the included memory scorecard is too small . 
0	It's oftentimes hard to get a good grip on the router, activate the chuck lock, and get enough muscle behind the wrench to get the collet loosened up.
0	It's oftentimes grueling to stimulate a effective grip on the router, activate the chuck lock, and commence enough muscle behind the wrench to engender the collet loosened up.
0	It's oftentimes laborious to find a right grip on the router, activate the chuck lock, and beat enough sinew behind the wrench to get the collet loosened up.
1	The white-LED backlit LCD is very bright and crisp, even in sunlight, and relatively easy on the battery.
1	The white-LED backlit LCD is very bright and kinky, yet in sunlight, and relatively gentle on the battery.
1	The white-LED backlit LCD is very brightly and frosty, even in sunlight, and relatively wanton on the battery.
1	After upgrading the drivers and firmware a few times and e-mailing tech support for some setting tips it now works fine. 
1	after upgrading the driver and firmware a few times and e-mailing tech supporting for some setting crown it now works fine. 
1	after upgrading the drivers and firmware a few metre and e-mailing tech reinforcement for some setting gratuity it now works fine. 
0	i do here a constant high-pitched distorted sound , not to mention the volume does not seem to be loud enough . 
0	i do here a constant high-pitched deform reasoned , not to observe the intensity does not seem to be loud enough . 
0	i do here a invariant high-pitched tinge sound , not to mention the bulk does not seem to be trashy enough . 
1	it 's slightly lighter than the g2 and packed with even more features . 
1	it 's slightly igniter than the g2 and packed with yet more features . 
1	it 's slightly lighter than the g2 and pack with even more sport . 
1	I've tried the free versions of zone alarm and the free version of sygate and they both have a nice and easy installation and work great!.
1	I've hear the justify versions of zone alarm and the spare version of sygate and they both have a gracious and easy installation and work majuscule!.
1	I've tried the justify versions of partition alarm and the discharge version of sygate and they both have a nice and easy installation and shape majuscule!.
0	If you call apple and tell them your ipod has been damaged, they charge you roughly $105.50 per minute and blame you for "abusing" your ipod.
0	If you claim apple and separate them your ipod has been damaged, they blame you roughly $105.50 per minute and goddam you for "clapperclaw" your ipod.
0	If you visit apple and tell them your ipod has been damaged, they care you about $105.50 per minute and charge you for "maltreat" your ipod.
1	 Also , it was very easy to set up a route to my WAMP server as the process was exactly the same as my old NetGear .
1	 Also , it was very slow to fit up a itinerary to my WAMP server as the treat was exactly the same as my one-time NetGear .
1	 Also , it was very well-off to solidification up a route to my WAMP server as the litigate was just the same as my one-time NetGear .
1	Overall, this router seems like a reasonably priced product th!
1	Overall, this router appear comparable a reasonably priced product th!
1	boilersuit, this router seems like a pretty priced product th!
1	 Selected it because it looked easy to install .
1	 Selected it because it bet easy to install .
1	 Selected it because it looked gentle to install .
0	i hope it 's because it 's new and they are not out yet , but being without a remote is hard . 
0	i hope it 's because it 's unexampled and they are not out nevertheless , but being without a outside is punishing . 
0	i promise it 's because it 's newfangled and they are not out withal , but being without a remote is heavy . 
0	you can set the optical zoom before shooting and than while shooting video adjust a digital zoom in and out however due to the cameras light weight Camera shake is a problem to contend with. 
0	you can coiffe the optical zoom before snap and than while fritter video adjust a digital zoom in and out however imputable to the cameras ignitor weighting Camera shake is a problem to fence with. 
0	you can congeal the ocular zoom before bourgeon and than while dissipate video adjust a digital zoom in and out however due to the cameras unhorse burthen Camera stir is a problem to contend with. 
0	the zen xtra will transfer the files to the player , but not the folder name . 
0	the Elvis xtra will transfer the charge to the player , but not the folder figure . 
0	the battery-acid xtra will remove the files to the player , but not the folder figure . 
1	This is easy to work and easy to dispose of the dirty diapers.
1	This is easy to lick and easy to dispose of the unclean diapers.
1	This is easy to work and well-fixed to dispose of the cheating diapers.
1	The Zen Micro FM receiver is ok, not great. 
1	The Zen Micro FM receiver is hunky-dory, not great. 
1	The Zen Micro FM receiver is okay, not great. 
1	The pictures are beautiful, and the camera is so small you can carry it anywhere.
1	The film are beautiful, and the camera is so humble you can take it anywhere.
1	The movie are beautiful, and the camera is so little you can deport it anywhere.
1	of course , i was hesitant given the price , but i 've been extremely impressed since receiving it , and bought a second one as a christmas present for my parents . 
1	of course , i was hesitant feed the price , but i 've been extremely affect since receiving it , and bought a sec one as a christmas face for my parent . 
1	of course , i was hesitant given the price , but i 've been extremely impressed since meet it , and bribe a endorsement one as a christmas confront for my nurture . 
1	 So far the router has worked well .
1	 So far the router has worked intimately .
1	 indeed far the router has worked well .
1	7- 360 panoramic pictures are a very big deal.
1	7- 360 panoramic pictures are a very big cope.
1	7- 360 panoramic pictures are a very big mickle.
0	we 've purchased 3 universal remotes so far-all claiming to work " apex " dvd players and none worked . 
0	we 've purchased 3 universal remotes so far-all claim to cultivate " apex " dvd musician and none worked . 
0	we 've purchased 3 universal remotes so far-all claiming to oeuvre " acme " dvd players and none bring . 
0	it could be a little bit bigger , but it 's easy to get used to . 
0	it could be a lilliputian scrap bigger , but it 's easy to get expend to . 
0	it could be a little bit grown , but it 's easygoing to go used to . 
1	So, why the small Digital Elph, rather than one of the other cameras with better resolution or picture quality? size[+2]##because, unless it's small, I won't cary it around.
1	So, why the small Digital Elph, rather than one of the other cameras with full resolution or video timber? size[+ii]##because, unless it's small, iodine won't cary it roughly.
1	soh, why the small Digital Elph, rather than unitary of the other cameras with bettor solution or film quality? size[+2]##because, unless it's little, I won't cary it around.
1	 Even works better on G band than the Linksys .
1	 Even employment better on G band than the Linksys .
1	 Even mold better on G band than the Linksys .
1	I've had it for about a week now and have to say it's one of the best purchases I've ever made.  
1	I've had it for about a week now and have to allege it's matchless of the respectable purchases I've ever get.  
1	I've had it for about a week now and have to suppose it's single of the undecomposed purchases I've ever attain.  
1	the battery is nice . 
1	the battery is gracious . 
1	the bombardment is nice . 
1	 I 'm also running in-wall rated insulated 14 gauge speaker wire , and the stands accommodate this thick wire perfectly , even through the groove in the bottom of the base .
1	 I 'm also go in-wall rated insulated xiv approximate speaker wire , and the stands accommodate this thick wire perfectly , even through the vallecula in the bottom of the foundation .
1	 ane 'm also linear in-wall rated insulated XIV gauge verbaliser wire , and the stands accommodate this thick wire perfectly , even through the groove in the fanny of the base .
1	it is a very amazing product . 
1	it is a very amaze product . 
1	it is a very awing product . 
0	the vibration is not top . 
0	the vibration is not overstep . 
0	the vibration is not superlative . 
1	its easy to use and the sheer fun of being able to use an array of nikon accessories like the telephoto and wide-angle lenses is the proverbial icing on the cake . 
1	its comfortable to habituate and the slue fun of being able to role an array of nikon accessories ilk the telephoto and fisheye lenses is the proverbial icing on the cake . 
1	its well-fixed to exercise and the gauze-like fun of being capable to use an array of nikon accessories alike the telephoto and wide-angle Lens is the proverbial icing on the cake . 
1	the best 4 megapixel/4x optical zoom camera available and fairly easy to use . 
1	the best 4 megapixel/4x optical zoom camera available and fairly well-off to role . 
1	the proficient 4 megapixel/4x optical zoom camera available and fairly well-heeled to use . 
0	The number buttons are crammed into a 3x4cm area, the fonts are small, the interface is too convoluted and frustrating, it's not that customisable as well.
0	The number buttons are bone into a 3x4cm sphere, the font are small, the interface is too convoluted and cross, it's not that customisable as comfortably.
0	The number push are jam into a 3x4cm area, the fonts are small, the port is too tortuous and frustrating, it's not that customisable as comfortably.
1	This camera is so easy to use!
1	This camera is so slow to use!
1	This camera is so well-fixed to use!
1	i have n't messed with the firmware at all , the player worked perfect for me right out of the box . 
1	i have n't messed with the firmware at all , the player work pure for me aright out of the boxwood . 
1	i have n't messed with the microcode at all , the player mold perfect for me rectify out of the boxful . 
1	when it came down to it , the price on this player is hard to beat . 
1	when it came down to it , the cost on this player is arduous to flap . 
1	when it total down to it , the Price on this player is arduous to beat . 
1	Second, it is  incredibly easy to use.
1	Second, it is  fantastically easy to use.
1	Second, it is  incredibly easy to expend.
1	 The player is great. 
1	 The player is capital. 
1	 The player is large. 
1	this is the perfect camera for a photo hobbiest who wants to have easy point and shoot ability as well . 
1	this is the perfect camera for a photo hobbiest who lack to have gentle maneuver and bourgeon ability as well . 
1	this is the perfect camera for a photo hobbiest who wish to have soft orient and pullulate ability as well . 
0	The touch-pad would be a great thing if it worked well, and as I never had issues getting songs transferred to the player, I did have problems accessing them from the player.   
0	The touch-pad would be a enceinte thing if it wreak well, and as 1 never had issues develop songs transferred to the player, iodine did have job accessing them from the player.   
0	The touch-pad would be a groovy thing if it worked well, and as one never had issues incur songs transferred to the participant, I did have job accessing them from the actor.   
0	  If there were any complaints I have, they are marginal, but one is Apples' properietary set-up for music files, their incompatibility with other music services (i.e. Napster) is down right wrong.
0	  If there were any complaints 1 have, they are marginal, but unrivaled is Apples' properietary set-up for music files, their incompatibility with other medicine servicing (i.einsteinium. Napster) is down veracious wrong.
0	  If there were any complaints ace have, they are bare, but one is Apples' properietary set-up for medicine files, their incompatibility with other music services (i.einsteinium. Napster) is down ripe faulty.
1	It's a bit pricey to call home from other countries but the instant messaging to and from covered countries in Europe are quite reasonable.
1	It's a bit costly to song abode from other countries but the instant messaging to and from covered countries in EU are quite reasonable.
1	It's a second pricey to yell home from other countries but the instant message to and from covered commonwealth in Europe are quite reasonable.
1	the new organizer software that ships with the nomad zen xtra could n't be easier to use . 
1	the new organizer package that ships with the nomad dose xtra could n't be easier to function . 
1	the raw organizer software that ships with the nomad pane xtra could n't be easy to use . 
1	audio is excellent . 
1	audio is first-class . 
1	sound is excellent . 
1	As it turns out, this is an awesome camera! 
1	As it rick out, this is an awesome camera! 
1	As it work out, this is an awesome camera! 
1	Everything that I have listed above, the Zen has, and more. 
1	Everything that 1 have listed above, the superman has, and more. 
1	Everything that iodin have listed above, the pane has, and more. 
1	3 ) user replaceable battery 
1	3 ) user replaceable shelling 
1	III ) user replaceable battery 
0	It seems like you need to park yourself right next to a radio tower for the Micro to pull in a strong sound.  
0	It seems care you penury to park yourself right next to a radio tower for the Micro to pull in a substantial profound.  
0	It seems like you require to park yourself redress next to a radio tower for the Micro to deplumate in a strong strait.  
1	also , very light and portable . 
1	also , very illume and portable . 
1	also , very sparkle and portable . 
1	 This machine is a replacement for your desktop .
1	 This automobile is a replacement for your desktop .
1	 This machine is a replacing for your desktop .
1	 The speakers look nice and are easy to use .
1	 The speakers feeling nice and are easy to use .
1	 The speakers look nice and are easy to employ .
1	 The router has 4port 1gig Ethernet switch and wireless Access point AP -RRB- 802.11 n Working flawlessly !
1	 The router has 4port 1gig Ethernet replacement and wireless Access target AP -RRB- 802.xi n Working flawlessly !
1	 The router has 4port 1gig Ethernet switch and tuner Access taper AP -RRB- 802.11 n knead flawlessly !
1	I love this camera.
1	I passion this camera.
1	one love this camera.
0	Screen review could be better.  
0	Screen retrospect could be better.  
0	Screen review could be punter.  
0	when i got it home , i discovered that the menu options for sending messages via either text or email simply were n't there : 
0	when i fetch it home , i divulge that the menu options for institutionalise substance via either text or email simply were n't there : 
0	when i start it base , i expose that the menu options for direct messages via either text or email simply were n't there : 
0	 I have been disappointed to find that there is no printed instructions with it , just a crude pictorial instruction of installation , which leaves a great deal of information missing .
0	 I have been disappointed to regain that there is no printed instructions with it , just a crude pictorial direction of installation , which leaves a great heap of info absent .
0	 ane have been disappointed to find that there is no printed instructions with it , just a crude pictorial statement of installation , which leaves a gravid take of data missing .
0	to my amazement , even that process was error-prone . 
0	to my amazement , even that march was error-prone . 
0	to my astonishment , even that process was error-prone . 
0	they play just about everything , but # 2 and # 3 died very shortly after getting them . 
0	they gambling just about everything , but # 2 and # 3 died very briefly after contract them . 
0	they swordplay just about everything , but # 2 and # trinity died very shortly after mystify them . 
1	This is a great diaper pail.
1	This is a cracking diaper pail.
1	This is a outstanding diaper pail.
1	 This Wonderful product was easy to unbox and install !!
1	 This Wonderful product was gentle to unbox and install !!
1	 This wonderful product was easy to unbox and install !!
0	Who wants to pay $30 to discuss a defect in a product that just cost $95? (I also bought the back-up CD).
0	Who wants to pay $30 to discuss a fault in a product that just be $95? (iodin also bought the back-up candela).
0	Who wants to wage $30 to discuss a defect in a production that just cost $95? (iodin also bought the back-up Cd).
0	i 've had this thing just over a month and the headphone jack has already come loose . 
0	i 've had this thing just over a month and the headphone diddlysquat has already cum light . 
0	i 've had this thing just over a month and the headphone labourer has already hail informal . 
1	The total price with delivery (free shipping ) was $135 !
1	The total price with delivery (spare shipping ) was $135 !
1	The total price with livery (free shipping ) was $135 !
1	the daylight pictures are brilliant and the indoor shots are very good provided that your subject is no more than about 8 feet away . 
1	the daylight depict are brilliant and the indoor scene are very skilful provided that your subject is no more than about 8 pes away . 
1	the daylight render are brilliant and the indoor nip are very good ply that your subject is no more than about 8 feet by . 
0	I've often struggled to get something to work the way I want it, and hate to have to carry the manual with me all the time!
0	I've oft struggled to pose something to influence the means I want it, and hate to have to stock the manual with me all the time!
0	I've often struggled to draw something to exercise the manner I wish it, and hate to have to conduct the manual with me all the time!
1	Decent Battery-- On the average size, but the 40GB comes with a dock.  
1	Decent Battery-- On the fair size, but the 40GB follow with a dock.  
1	properly Battery-- On the average size, but the 40GB amount with a dock.  
1	but this by far is the best phone out there right now!
1	but this by far is the best earpiece out there powerful now!
1	but this by far is the respectable phone out there correct now!
0	 Unfortunately , I just could not get it to work .
0	 Unfortunately , I just could not beat it to work .
0	 Unfortunately , I just could not get it to mold .
1	This player is absolutely phenomenal, I haven't had any problems, and if you're worried you will have problems, I suggest buying it at a retail store that has a good return policy but anyways... I find the touch pad very easy to use, and I'm surprised so many people have had problems.  
1	This instrumentalist is utterly phenomenal, I haven't had any job, and if you're worried you will have problems, I suggest buying it at a retail storehouse that has a good restitution policy but anyways... I uncovering the mite dramatise very easy to consumption, and I'm surprised so many citizenry have had problems.  
1	This player is absolutely phenomenal, I haven't had any problems, and if you're interest you will have problems, I suggest buying it at a retail shop that has a adept riposte policy but anyway... ane uncovering the hint embellish very easy to habit, and I'm surprised so many people have had problems.  
0	 There isn't much features on the iPod at all, except games.
0	 There isn't lots features on the iPod at all, except gage.
0	 There isn't much lineament on the iPod at all, except biz.
1	It has everything I needed: bluetooth, infrared, support for MMC, camera, and a good operating system with lots of supporting software.
1	It has everything I needed: bluetooth, infrared, endure for MMC, camera, and a full operating system with dozens of back software.
1	It has everything I needed: bluetooth, infrared, stomach for MMC, camera, and a just operating system with lashings of stand software.
0	the player has its minor glitches like for example when i turn it on , 60 percent of the time , it sais , shutting down , which means i have to turn off , and turn it on again , which is not to my likings . 
0	the player has its nonaged glitches like for instance when i turn it on , 60 percentage of the metre , it sais , shutting down , which think i have to plow off , and grow it on again , which is not to my wish . 
0	the thespian has its pocket-size glitches like for case when i tour it on , 60 percent of the time , it sais , shut down , which think i have to sour off , and turning it on again , which is not to my likings . 
1	the voice quality is very good , and it gets great reception ( that is , in places where you get t-mobile coverage , which is not that good ; see below ) . 
1	the voice quality is very good , and it gets heavy reception ( that is , in point where you pose t-mobile coverage , which is not that practiced ; understand below ) . 
1	the vox quality is very full , and it develop great reception ( that is , in places where you bring t-mobile coverage , which is not that good ; regard below ) . 
0	Basically the 6600 is a bundle of over-hyped features you don't and won't need (if you do get yourself a PDA or pocket PC) , none of them work as they should , and the basic phone functions and ergonomics are less than average .
0	Basically the 6600 is a bundle of over-hyped have you don't and won't motive (if you do have yourself a organizer or pocket PC) , none of them sour as they should , and the staple ring part and ergonomics are less than average .
0	basically the 6600 is a bundle of over-hyped features you don't and won't require (if you do engender yourself a PDA or bag PC) , none of them oeuvre as they should , and the staple headphone serve and ergonomics are less than average .
0	 I am disappointed in this product .
0	 one am disappointed in this product .
0	 unity am disappointed in this product .
1	i quickly got to use to the interface and can find any song / playlist etc fast enough . 
1	i quickly arrive to usage to the interface and can find any song / playlist etc dissipated enough . 
1	i quickly perplex to exercise to the interface and can find any song / playlist etc libertine enough . 
1	This is really a nice diaper pail.
1	This is really a dainty diaper pail.
1	This is really a squeamish diaper pail.
1	 Yes , the buttons are a bit small and close , but they are functional .
1	 Yes , the buttons are a snatch lowly and close , but they are functional .
1	 Yes , the clit are a bit small and close , but they are working .
1	this is a great phone i have this phone since Feb 04 and i never have any problem at all.
1	this is a bang-up telephone i have this earphone since Feb 04 and i ne'er have any problem at all.
1	this is a neat call i have this phone since February 04 and i never have any job at all.
0	 I would not recommend this or any Acer product to anyone except perhaps my ex .
0	 ane would not recommend this or any Acer product to anyone except maybe my demode .
0	 iodin would not recommend this or any Acer product to anyone except peradventure my outmoded .
1	the standard battery include with the g3 is a camcorder battery that will allow me to take pictures all day without worrying about charging . 
1	the measure bombardment include with the g3 is a camcorder battery that will allow me to postulate pictures all day without worrying about appoint . 
1	the standard battery include with the g3 is a camcorder battery that will provide me to hold delineation all day without care about charging . 
0	the only drawbacks i 've encountered are : 1 indoor shots from a distance > 8ft lack contrast and color , but i 've found this to be a problem with all cameras with built-in flashes that i 've used even on a nikon slr . 
0	the only drawback i 've bump are : 1 indoor shooter from a distance > 8ft lack contrast and discolour , but i 've regain this to be a problem with all cameras with built-in fanfare that i 've utilise level on a nikon slr . 
0	the only drawbacks i 've chance are : 1 indoor barb from a aloofness > 8ft lack contrast and colourise , but i 've chance this to be a problem with all cameras with built-in flashing that i 've habituate regular on a nikon slr . 
0	minor complaints : 1 ) even though the music is sorted via id3 tag on the player , the option to search for music contained in a folder is unavailable . 
0	minor complaints : unity ) eve though the music is sorted via id3 tag on the actor , the option to research for music take in a folder is unavailable . 
0	nestling complaints : ace ) eventide though the music is sorted via id3 tag on the player , the option to hunt for music comprise in a folder is unavailable . 
1	they player 's interface itself is also very easy to use . 
1	they player 's interface itself is also very prosperous to utilization . 
1	they player 's interface itself is also very slowly to habit . 
0	b ) the screen is hard to read -- the cover hides it an already annoying poorly lit display 
0	b ) the screen is hard to read -- the blanket fell it an already nettle poorly lit display 
0	b ) the screen is hard to scan -- the cover hides it an already annoying poorly illumine presentation 
1	 I get complete coverage everywhere in my house -LRB- about 3500 sq ft -RRB- and it 's located in the corner of my basement .
1	 I cause dispatch coverage everywhere in my home -LRB- about 3500 sq ft -RRB- and it 's site in the corner of my basement .
1	 single dumbfound complete coverage everywhere in my theatre -LRB- about 3500 sq ft -RRB- and it 's located in the tree of my basement .
1	i am impressed with how easy this camera is to use . 
1	i am impressed with how easygoing this camera is to employ . 
1	i am shanghai with how sluttish this camera is to use . 
1	awesome camera with huge print quality in a tiny package . 
1	awesome camera with huge print timber in a tiny box . 
1	awesome camera with vast mark quality in a tiny package . 
1	 However , I now have it running nicely and it produces a nice picture .
1	 However , I now have it operate nicely and it acquire a nice picture .
1	 However , I now have it play nicely and it produces a courteous picture .
1	the storage capacity is great . 
1	the storage capacity is bang-up . 
1	the storage capacity is large . 
0	Although I disabled Norton AntiSpam, it is still there.
0	Although I disabled Norton AntiSpam, it is allay there.
0	Although I disabled Norton AntiSpam, it is placid there.
0	 Besides , I hate widescreen monitors !!!!
0	 Besides , I hate widescreen Monitor !!!!
0	 Besides , iodin hate widescreen monitors !!!!
1	there is an alarm , i still havent used it yet , but it should be good . 
1	there is an alarm , i relieve havent put-upon it yet , but it should be thoroughly . 
1	there is an alarm , i stock-still havent used it nonetheless , but it should be full . 
1	Likewise, I've heard Norton 2004 PROFESSIONAL version is fine too.
1	Likewise, I've heard Norton 2004 pro version is ok too.
1	too, I've heard Norton 2004 PROFESSIONAL version is ok too.
1	i am very pleased with the apex ad2600.it plays just about anything you put in the drawer . 
1	i am very pleased with the apex ad2600.it bet just about anything you set in the draftsman . 
1	i am very pleased with the peak ad2600.it dally just about anything you set in the drawer . 
0	the interface used could be better designed . 
0	the interface used could be comfortably designed . 
0	the interface used could be wagerer designed . 
0	the remote is flimsy-feeling and awkward to use . 
0	the remote is flimsy-feeling and awkward to consumption . 
0	the remote is flimsy-feeling and awkward to enjoyment . 
0	- the flywheel you use for most of the navigation was n't in tightly and it was uneven as far as the amount of pressure to make it engage . 
0	- the flywheel you consumption for most of the navigation was n't in tightly and it was uneven as far as the total of press to fix it enlist . 
0	- the flywheel you practice for most of the navigation was n't in tightly and it was mismatched as far as the amount of insistency to gain it enlist . 
1	UNLIKE other reviewers, I like the tool because it is easy to operate outside of the router table.
1	UNLIKE other reviewers, iodine like the tool because it is promiscuous to operate remote of the router table.
1	different other reviewers, I like the tool because it is well-off to operate outside of the router mesa.
0	the most recent is that it will stop responding to the on/off button . 
0	the most Holocene is that it will discontinue responding to the on/off button . 
0	the most recent is that it will cease responding to the on/off clit . 
0	The movie mode can only record a max of 30 seconds at 160X120 per clip and a max of 4 seconds at 640X480.
0	The movie mode can only read a max of 30 indorsement at 160X120 per prune and a max of 4 indorsement at 640X480.
0	The movie mode can only record a max of 30 irregular at 160X120 per trim and a max of quaternity minute at 640X480.
1	 Overall I am very satisfied with this product and will be using it often .
1	 Overall 1 am very satisfied with this product and will be employ it often .
1	 boilersuit I am very satisfy with this product and will be using it often .
0	DOwnside is the size of the phone, it is BIG for today's standard.
0	DOwnside is the size of the phone, it is swelled for today's received.
0	DOwnside is the sizing of the phone, it is self-aggrandising for today's standard.
0	Now the bad:  1) As usual, battery power not sufficient for daily usuage.
0	Now the bad:  1) As usual, barrage powerfulness not sufficient for daily usuage.
0	forthwith the bad:  i) As usual, battery power not sufficient for daily usuage.
1	people also have complained about the case not having a window , but that 's not really a big deal to me either -- the case is sturdy and offers very good protection . 
1	citizenry also have complained about the case not having a window , but that 's not rattling a openhanded plenty to me either -- the shell is sturdy and offers very ripe protection . 
1	people also have complained about the showcase not having a window , but that 's not real a giving contend to me either -- the caseful is sturdy and offers very proficient protection . 
1	Multimedia functions are enhanced by multi-slide MMS messages and a Gallery for organizing digital content captured or downloaded with the phone.
1	Multimedia functions are enhanced by multi-slide MMS messages and a heading for organize digital contented beguile or downloaded with the phone.
1	Multimedia functions are enhanced by multi-slide millimeter messages and a Gallery for devise digital contented catch or downloaded with the phone.
0	The battery, as others have said, also seems weaker than Creative suggests.  
0	The barrage, as others have said, also seems weaker than Creative advise.  
0	The battery, as others have state, also seems weaker than Creative suggest.  
1	I have not yet used all the features, like the calendar, etc, but as a music player this little thing rocks.  
1	I have not yet exploited all the feature, alike the calendar, etc, but as a music player this trivial thing rocks.  
1	iodine have not yet apply all the features, like the calendar, etc, but as a music actor this lilliputian thing rocks.  
1	This camera is an excellent choice for an ultracompact, take anywhere device and boasts an outstanding movie mode to boot. 
1	This camera is an excellent choice for an ultracompact, occupy anywhere device and brag an striking movie mode to charge. 
1	This camera is an excellent selection for an ultracompact, accept anywhere device and feature an outstanding movie style to boot. 
0	Our Norton Internet/AV 2004 was terrible right from the get go, so I'd think that if SytemWorks is ok now, it should remain ok.
0	Our Norton Internet/AV 2004 was awful correctly from the convey go, so I'd guess that if SytemWorks is ok now, it should rest ok.
0	Our Norton Internet/AV 2004 was terrible aright from the beget choke, so I'd remember that if SytemWorks is ok now, it should remain okey.
1	Power for the tech-savvy, ease of use for the less fortunate. 
1	Power for the tech-savvy, informality of use for the LE fortunate. 
1	magnate for the tech-savvy, rest of use for the less fortunate. 
1	it does play a wide range of formats as advertised which is very nice . 
1	it does play a blanket range of formats as advertise which is very nice . 
1	it does work a wide scope of formats as advertised which is very nice . 
1	the battery stays charged for a long time , and takes no more than 2 or 3 hours at most to fully recharge via the included ac adapter . 
1	the battery delay charged for a hanker time , and fill no more than II or 3 minute at most to fully recharge via the included ac adapter . 
1	the battery hitch blame for a longsighted meter , and study no more than 2 or 3 hours at most to fully recharge via the included ac adapter . 
1	That's it for now, what are you doing still reading this, click the "Add to Cart" button already!      
1	That's it for now, what are you doing silence take this, click the "Add to haul" button already!      
1	That's it for now, what are you doing still record this, dog the "Add to Cart" clitoris already!      
1	The SS body is wonderful, feels high-quality.
1	The SS personify is wonderful, feels high-quality.
1	The USSS body is wonderful, feels high-quality.
1	 Music sounds great but having surround sound in game is nice and a big difference from headphones .
1	 Music sounds capital but having surround go in game is nice and a magnanimous difference from headphones .
1	 Music sounds swell but having surround sound in gritty is nice and a big remainder from headphones .
0	other tagging problems result ( i think ) from the nomad 's operating system . 
0	other tagging problems result ( i recall ) from the nomad 's mesh system . 
0	other tagging problems result ( i think ) from the nomad 's go scheme . 
1	And the biggest plus is that you don't have to buy any expensive refills.
1	And the liberal plus is that you don't have to buy any expensive replenish.
1	And the prominent summation is that you don't have to buy any expensive refills.
0	it took several days of attempts before things finally " worked " again and i have n't a clue why . 
0	it ingest several years of attempts before things finally " function " again and i have n't a clue why . 
0	it strike several years of attempts before things finally " exercise " again and i have n't a clue why . 
1	 Valet PLUS is easy to configure , and was set up in about 7 minutes .
1	 Valet PLUS is easy to configure , and was correct up in about 7 hour .
1	 Valet PLUS is wanton to configure , and was fructify up in about 7 minutes .
1	Thankfully, Creative has come through with a product that puts the Ipod back in its place.  
1	Thankfully, Creative has number through with a intersection that puts the Ipod cover in its place.  
1	Thankfully, Creative has total through with a product that set the Ipod back in its rank.  
1	It makes the Nomad I purchase feel and look like junk.  
1	It makes the Nomad ace purchase feel and search like junk.  
1	It work the Nomad one purchase feel and look like junk.  
0	Now in October,2004, the firewall said I couldn't OK anymore software to use the internet because its full.
0	directly in October,2004, the firewall aforesaid I couldn't OK anymore software to purpose the internet because its full.
0	nowadays in Oct,2004, the firewall said I couldn't OK anymore software to apply the internet because its full.
1	This is a quality product, not to be confused with teh cheap junk that Hitachi gets manufactured in China.
1	This is a choice product, not to be confused with teh flashy junk that Hitachi get manufactured in China.
1	This is a quality product, not to be disconnected with teh gaudy junk that Hitachi have manufactured in China.
0	Sometimes, it needs few minutes to open an application.
0	Sometimes, it needs few minutes to give an application.
0	Sometimes, it needs few minutes to undefendable an application.
1	the speakerphone works better than any speakerphone i 've ever had . 
1	the speakerphone turn skilful than any speakerphone i 've ever had . 
1	the speakerphone work proficient than any speakerphone i 've ever had . 
1	before asking for the zen xtra specifically for christmas i researched many different mp3 players but finally decided on this one , and now that i have it i could n't be happier and i 'm convinced it 's the best one out there . 
1	before inquire for the Elvis xtra specifically for Xmas i researched many different mp3 participant but finally adjudicate on this unrivaled , and now that i have it i could n't be happier and i 'm convinced it 's the outflank unmatchable out there . 
1	before involve for the zen xtra specifically for christmas i explore many dissimilar mp3 actor but finally resolve on this unrivaled , and now that i have it i could n't be happier and i 'm convinced it 's the advantageously unmatchable out there . 
1	Overall it is a great value.
1	Overall it is a capital value.
1	Overall it is a cracking value.
0	A lot of "fragments" were left in the Registry, and it the Norton system folders.
0	A pile of "fragments" were entrust in the Registry, and it the Norton organisation folders.
0	a lot of "fragmentize" were entrust in the Registry, and it the Norton system folders.
0	the volume . 
0	the bulk . 
0	the intensity . 
0	the scroll wheel is finicky ; it works most of the time but there is a learning curve for pressing it just right ; new users say they have 50 % - 75 % success rate ; some find it so frustrating that they just return the device . 
0	the scroll bike is finicky ; it works most of the sentence but there is a learnedness bender for urge it just right ; new users enounce they have 50 % - 75 % success rate ; some see it so dun that they just return the device . 
0	the scroll wheel is finicky ; it crop most of the time but there is a read curve for iron it just right ; raw users allege they have 50 % - 75 % success rate ; some find it so spoil that they just homecoming the twist . 
0	Again, this doesn't affect regular MP3 files - just subscription DRM-encoded files, like those from Napster-to-Go or Yahoo Music Unlimited.  
0	Again, this doesn't affect regular MP3 files - just subscription DRM-encoded files, wish those from Napster-to-Go or Yahoo euphony outright.  
0	Again, this doesn't strike regular MP3 file - just subscription DRM-encoded files, like those from Napster-to-Go or yahoo Music Unlimited.  
1	 Good range & speed .
1	 Good scope & speed .
1	 sound range & speed .
0	 You can not get decent mid-range or bass at lower levels without inaccurate booming from the sub woofer no matter how you tweak the levels .
0	 You can not aim decent mid-range or bass at low-spirited levels without inaccurate booming from the submarine woofer no matter how you pluck the dismantle .
0	 You can not engender decent mid-range or bass at grim raze without inaccurate booming from the substitute woofer no matter how you tweak the degree .
1	I am getting better speeds on all my web programs. 
1	I am arrive serious speeds on all my web programs. 
1	I am nonplus right speeds on all my web programs. 
1	While I'm not too keen on their customer service (none of the products I have from Creative have given me issues), I can definitely recommend the Zen Micro for the simple fact that it does exactly what it is supposed to do and more...without needing any of the extra hype except word of mouth.  
1	While I'm not too incisive on their customer service (none of the products ane have from Creative have leave me consequence), ane can definitely recommend the Zen micro for the dim-witted fact that it does exactly what it is reckon to do and more...without require any of the extra hype except watchword of verbalize.  
1	While I'm not too keen on their customer servicing (none of the products iodine have from Creative have yield me progeny), I can definitely urge the Zen Micro for the simple fact that it does exactly what it is theorize to do and more...without ask any of the excess hype demur Son of verbalize.  
0	on average , indoor shots with a flash are not quite as good as 35mm . 
0	on average , indoor guessing with a fanfare are not quite as good as 35mm . 
0	on average , indoor guesswork with a dart are not quite as good as 35mm . 
1	 I love this monitor .
1	 I love this reminder .
1	 single love this monitor .
1	I click pictures in JPG format and because the phone has a bluetooth device I find it extremely easy to transfer pics to my pc and forth.
1	I click envision in JPG format and because the earphone has a bluetooth device I incur it extremely easy to transfer pic to my pc and Forth.
1	I detent pictures in JPG initialize and because the phone has a bluetooth device I chance it extremely slowly to transfer film to my pc and forth.
1	having usb 2.0 makes for very fast transfers . 
1	having usb 2.0 micturate for very fast transfers . 
1	having usb 2.0 piss for very fast transfers . 
1	 Thats pretty much it , the speakers rock , the control station and remote are nifty , and the sub is powerful .
1	 Thats jolly often it , the speakers rock , the control station and remote are nifty , and the submarine is powerful .
1	 Thats pretty much it , the verbalizer rock , the assure station and remote are nifty , and the torpedo is powerful .
1	 This is a great product and carries a lot of pride in its networking capabilities for the price !
1	 This is a expectant merchandise and carries a lot of superbia in its networking capabilities for the price !
1	 This is a keen product and carries a stack of pride in its network capabilities for the price !
1	It is much easier to fill and unload than the Diaper Genie, plus, why buy refills when you can use trash bags from the Dollar Store?
1	IT is much easier to replete and unload than the Diaper jinni, plus, why steal refills when you can use trash bags from the Dollar store?
1	It is much easier to fill and drop than the Diaper Genie, asset, why buy refill when you can employment Methedrine bags from the Dollar Store?
0	The only problem I had was a few components didn't quite load correctly upon startup, but a reboot fixed the problem.
0	The only problem one had was a few constituent didn't quite adulterate correctly upon startup, but a reboot bushel the problem.
0	The only problem single had was a few constituent didn't quite onus correctly upon startup, but a reboot cook the problem.
1	i bought this apex 2600 dvd player for myself at christmas because it got good reviews as a good value for the money on a variety of different sites . 
1	i bought this apex 2600 dvd player for myself at Christmastime because it dumbfound skilful recapitulation as a expert value for the money on a variety of different sites . 
1	i bought this apex 2600 dvd player for myself at Xmas because it develop good reviews as a unspoilt value for the money on a miscellany of different locate . 
1	 Its sleek design, large memory capacity, compatibility with iTunes, and ease of use makes this one of the best portable digital listening devices on the market. 
1	 Its flowing figure, large memory capacity, compatibility with iTunes, and repose of use cook this one of the dependable portable digital listening devices on the market. 
1	 Its sleek intention, large memory capacitance, compatibility with iTunes, and ease of utilize wee this one of the proficient portable digital listening devices on the market. 
0	i thought it was just the player , but then i started checking the discs to find that the apex 2600 is actually ruining my media . 
0	i cerebrate it was just the player , but then i begin determine the discs to incur that the vertex 2600 is actually ruining my media . 
0	i remember it was just the musician , but then i started chink the discs to obtain that the apex 2600 is really ruining my media . 
0	But, all of this means nothing, because of the serious, serious, stupid and ridiculously elemenatary design flaw: After 3 months, give or take a few weeks, you won't be able to hear anything. 
0	But, all of this agency nothing, because of the serious, unplayful, stupid and ridiculously elemenatary blueprint flaw: After deuce-ace months, devote or take a few weeks, you won't be able to learn anything. 
0	But, all of this means nothing, because of the unplayful, serious, pillock and laughably elemenatary design flaw: After 3 months, collapse or payoff a few weeks, you won't be able to discover anything. 
1	 Great picture .
1	 corking picture .
1	 great picture .
1	this player seems to work fine with everything else . 
1	this player seems to work exquisitely with everything else . 
1	this player seems to wreak fine with everything else . 
1	Also I like the  position of all the controls and the fact that it doesn't have any extra  knobs or gizmos.
1	Also I comparable the  stead of all the ascendancy and the fact that it doesn't have any extra  knobs or thingamajig.
1	likewise single like the  position of all the moderate and the fact that it doesn't have any additional  knobs or gizmos.
1	i was surprised to find that not only could this dvd player play mpeg2 format which allowed me to stack 2 movies on a dvd , but it also was able to play vob files which i created with smart ripper . 
1	i was storm to ascertain that not only could this dvd player shimmer mpeg2 format which appropriate me to stack ii flick on a dvd , but it also was able to gaming vob files which i created with sassy ripper . 
1	i was surprised to find that not only could this dvd actor recreate mpeg2 format which admit me to stack 2 movie on a DVD , but it also was able to turn vob files which i make with fresh ripper . 
0	its quiet . 
0	its silence . 
0	its tranquillize . 
1	it has a clear blue light that allows you to see everything on the screen easily . 
1	it has a clean-cut depressed light that allows you to figure everything on the screen easily . 
1	it has a exculpated puritanic light that allows you to assure everything on the screen easily . 
1	The FM tuner, the 5G of storage, and the removable disk are all great features.  
1	The FM tuner, the 5G of entrepot, and the removable record are all gravid features.  
1	The Fm tuner, the 5G of repositing, and the removable disk are all enceinte features.  
1	As opposed to the Nomad II or any other flash based player, the songs load extremely fast...about one or two seconds per song. 
1	A opposed to the Nomad deuce or any other flash based player, the songs burden extremely fast...about one or two seconds per strain. 
1	As opposed to the Nomad II or any other heartbeat based player, the songs load exceedingly fasting...about one or two s per song. 
1	Supporting an operating system, Symbian OS, you can download and run a lot of programs on this phone.
1	Supporting an manoeuver system, Symbian OS, you can download and run a mint of syllabus on this phone.
1	Supporting an operating system, Symbian os, you can download and carry a portion of programs on this phone.
0	 My overall experience with this monitor was very poor .
0	 My overall experience with this monitor was very piteous .
0	 My overall experience with this supervise was very poor .
0	That is, you cannot access the internet at all.  
0	That is, you cannot access the cyberspace at all.  
0	That is, you cannot admission the internet at all.  
1	They're easy to use. 
1	They're easy to utilization. 
1	They're loose to use. 
1	just received this camera two days ago and already love the features it has . 
1	just find this camera two days ago and already lovemaking the features it has . 
1	just received this camera two daytime ago and already love the characteristic it has . 
1	3 ) 4x zoom is nice 
1	deuce-ace ) 4x zoom is nice 
1	three ) 4x zoom is nice 
1	 This Pinnacle speaker bar is well worth the money .
1	 This Pinnacle loudspeaker bar is well worth the money .
1	 This Pinnacle speaker taproom is well worth the money .
1	 Surprisingly , everything seems to work well .
1	 Surprisingly , everything seems to employment well .
1	 Surprisingly , everything seems to process well .
0	third , the poor design continues with the case . 
0	third , the hapless design continues with the case . 
0	third , the poor design continues with the showcase . 
1	First, it really is tiny; the size of a pack of cigarettes, maybe  a scooch deeper.
1	beginning, it really is flyspeck; the size of a throng of cigarettes, maybe  a scooch deeper.
1	showtime, it really is tiny; the size of a pile of cigarettes, maybe  a scooch bass.
0	Yes, you may get a whiff of a smell when you flip the handle, but then it is gone.
0	Yes, you may get a puff of a smell when you alternate the handle, but then it is fail.
0	Yes, you may sire a whiff of a smelling when you flip the handle, but then it is depart.
1	I am just in love with this phone, especially after using a more primitve phone about 3 years.
1	I am just in bang with this phone, especially after exploitation a more primitve phone about threesome years.
1	I am just in dearest with this phone, especially after using a more primitve sound about 3 yr.
1	 The set up for this product was a breeze .
1	 The arrange up for this product was a breeze .
1	 The set up for this product was a walkover .
0	3 months of use and it no longer recognizes anything . 
0	tercet months of utilise and it no longer recognizes anything . 
0	trinity months of use and it no longsighted recognizes anything . 
0	and the remote is cheap and cheasy - not sure how long it 'll last , but for 50 bucks what the heck ! 
0	and the remote is gimcrack and cheasy - not certain how long it 'll lastly , but for 50 sawhorse what the heck ! 
0	and the remote is inexpensive and cheasy - not sure how hanker it 'll utmost , but for 50 sawhorse what the heck ! 
1	 As of this review I am using the router and it is working very nicely .
1	 As of this critique ace am using the router and it is ferment very nicely .
1	 arsenic of this revaluation iodine am using the router and it is working very nicely .
0	Of course, if you try to reach Symantec customer service you get useless automated systems unless you want to pay $30 per incident.
0	Of course, if you try to reach Symantec customer service you get useless automated organization unless you lack to devote $xxx per incident.
0	Of naturally, if you assay to reach Symantec customer service you amaze useless automated systems unless you want to compensate $30 per incident.
1	 The way I have to put in my I-Pod was a little tricky but when it was done the speakers sound really good .
1	 The way I have to couch in my I-Pod was a little tricky but when it was make the speakers effectual really secure .
1	 The way I have to frame in my I-Pod was a little tricky but when it was cause the speakers legal really thoroughly .
1	 For those who want the thump that this is capable of producing -LRB- very good for a computer speaker -RRB- , this is probably necessary .
1	 For those who deprivation the thump that this is capable of get -LRB- very estimable for a computer speaker -RRB- , this is credibly necessary .
1	 For those who want the thump that this is capable of producing -LRB- very upright for a reckoner talker -RRB- , this is likely necessary .
1	 Sharp image .
1	 astute image .
1	 shrill image .
0	the scroll bar is a bit of a pain . 
0	the scroll bar is a moment of a pain . 
0	the scroll ginmill is a bit of a pain . 
1	 Really easy to use.
1	 actually easy to use.
1	 rattling easy to use.
1	overall , the g3 delivers what must be considered the best image quality of any current > 4 megapixel digicams , from a detail , tonal balance and color response point of view . 
1	overall , the g3 cede what must be considered the best prototype quality of any current > tetrad megapixel digicams , from a detail , tonic equilibrium and color response point of view . 
1	overall , the g3 delivers what must be considered the scoop epitome quality of any current > 4 megapixel digicams , from a detail , tonal remainder and colorize response repoint of view . 
1	anywhere i went in south africa this phone received full bar reception . 
1	anywhere i blend in south Africa this phone received full bar reception . 
1	anywhere i went in south africa this sound received full taproom reception . 
1	the two biggest things is the excellent working speakerphone " unlike the nokia 3650 " and the superb reception nokia is known for in the gsm phones they make ... 
1	the II braggy things is the excellent crop speakerphone " unlike the nokia 3650 " and the superb reception nokia is eff for in the gsm phones they get ... 
1	the ii biggest things is the excellent crop speakerphone " unlike the nokia 3650 " and the brilliant reception nokia is known for in the gsm ring they draw ... 
1	Perfect size! Beats the competition by leaps and bounds. 
1	Perfect size! Beats the competition by leaps and jump. 
1	Perfect size! vex the competition by leaps and bounds. 
1	Very fast powerup and great speed when taking multiple pictures. 
1	Very fast powerup and great swiftness when hold multiple pictures. 
1	Very quick powerup and great speed when rent multiple pictures. 
1	 I thot my original monitor had a good image , but the S201HL has a much brighter display .
1	 1 thot my original monitor had a effective image , but the S201HL has a much shining display .
1	 one thot my original monitor had a full icon , but the S201HL has a much brighter display .
0	a bit dissapoitnd on that!
0	a snatch dissapoitnd on that!
0	a turn dissapoitnd on that!
1	) The Zen Micro appears sturdy and well constructed, hefty, if you will, far better than many of its competitors. . 
1	) The Zen Micro appears sturdy and substantially make, hefty, if you will, far substantially than many of its competitors. . 
1	) The Zen Micro appears sturdy and well build, hefty, if you will, Interahamwe respectable than many of its competitors. . 
1	  Overall the iPod really is an almost flawless beast. The capacity in the 20 GB is more than I think most people would ever need and, for the price, I highly recommend it.
1	  Overall the iPod really is an almost flawless creature. The capacity in the 20 gilbert is more than unity imagine most people would ever need and, for the price, unity highly advocate it.
1	  Overall the iPod truly is an almost flawless brute. The capacity in the xx GB is more than I recall most people would ever involve and, for the price, ane highly recommend it.
0	it comes with a rechargable battery that does not seem to last all that long , especially if you use the flash a lot . 
0	it comes with a rechargable battery that does not seem to last all that longsighted , especially if you apply the photoflash a deal . 
0	it comes with a rechargable battery that does not seem to utmost all that long , especially if you consumption the swank a bunch . 
0	the little jog dial seems weak and quirky and i hope i do n't figure out a way to break it . 
0	the footling lope dial seems weak and quirky and i hope i do n't pattern out a way to recrudesce it . 
0	the trivial jog dial seems decrepit and quirky and i hope i do n't frame out a way to disclose it . 
0	 Second gripe : In the 6 or so months since we purchased our batch of 30-40 of these monitors , 2 have already been returned for repair or replacement .
0	 Second bellyache : In the 6 or so months since we purchased our batch of 30-40 of these monitor , deuce have already been retrovert for compensate or replacement .
0	 back beef : indium the six or so months since we purchased our batch of 30-40 of these monitors , 2 have already been devolve for repair or replacement .
1	for some this might be a problem , but for the price of a 30 gig ipod , you can get a 60gb nomad , the ipod simply pales in comparison . 
1	for some this might be a job , but for the price of a XXX gig ipod , you can vex a 60gb nomad , the ipod simply pal in comparability . 
1	for some this might be a problem , but for the price of a 30 lance ipod , you can bewilder a 60gb nomad , the iPod but pales in comparability . 
1	the manual mode is easy to use with fast access for the selection of shutter speed and aperture without having to fumble through menu options . 
1	the manual mode is comfortable to use with profligate access for the excerpt of shutter hie and aperture without having to fumble through fare options . 
1	the manual mode is light to purpose with libertine access for the selection of shutter amphetamine and aperture without having to fumble through menu selection . 
1	unlike some of the other people who received a " lemon " , my dvd player came in perfect working condition . 
1	unlike some of the other mass who received a " lemon " , my dvd player came in perfect operative discipline . 
1	unlike some of the other people who received a " lemon " , my dvd player get in staring knead condition . 
1	settings for just about everything , beautiful pics and beautiful prints . 
1	context for just about everything , beautiful exposure and beautiful prints . 
1	scene for just about everything , beautiful pic and beautiful prints . 
0	As one other reviewer pointed out, it does occasionally take a little effort to push down the "plunger" to get the diapers in the pail, even though upon inspection the bag doesn't really look full.
0	As one other reviewer pointed out, it does occasionally issue a little effort to pushing down the "plunger" to beget the diapers in the pail, tied though upon inspection the pocket doesn't very flavor full.
0	amp one other reviewer pointed out, it does occasionally contain a footling effort to push down the "plunger" to come the diapers in the pail, yet though upon inspection the bag doesn't truly wait full.
1	they fired away and the picture turned out quite nicely . ( as all of my pictures have thusfar ) . 
1	they arouse away and the scene turned out quite nicely . ( as all of my depiction have thusfar ) . 
1	they burn away and the figure turned out quite nicely . ( as all of my envision have thusfar ) . 
1	 It was nice to have the faster internal network speeds while we tested this router -LRB- which was for all of about 3 hours while trying to get everything to work properly -RRB- .
1	 It was nice to have the riotous internal net hie while we tested this router -LRB- which was for all of about trine hours while trying to arrive everything to oeuvre properly -RRB- .
1	 It was overnice to have the faster internal mesh velocity while we tested this router -LRB- which was for all of about threesome hours while try to produce everything to work properly -RRB- .
0	The battery power discharges rapidly especially on using the web browser.
0	The battery power arc rapidly especially on victimisation the web browser.
0	The battery powerfulness discharges rapidly especially on using the entanglement browser.
1	IF YOU NEED A WIRELESS ROUTER.... GET IT GET IT GET IT.... works really good....     
1	IF YOU NEED A WIRELESS ROUTER.... GET IT drive IT baffle IT.... works really dependable....     
1	IF YOU NEED A WIRELESS ROUTER.... convey IT GET IT experience IT.... works really expert....     
1	The Look & Feel: I have the black one and the contrasting neon blue on the buttons add a very nice ambience. 
1	The Look & Feel: I have the Black I and the contrasting neon disconsolate on the buttons tally a very nice ambience. 
1	The spirit & Feel: I have the black i and the counterpoint neon blueing on the buttons add a very nice ambience. 
0	 I wanted the product to work soo bad , but it just did n't .
0	 I wanted the product to employment soo sorry , but it just did n't .
0	 i wanted the product to exploit soo bad , but it just did n't .
1	it plays original dvds and cds and plays mp3s and jpegs . 
1	it bet original dvds and cds and romp mp3s and jpegs . 
1	it recreate original dvds and cds and sport mp3s and jpegs . 
0	The iPod mini is smaller and sexier, albeit limited in supported formats and the Rio Karma is a far better value.  
0	The iPod mini is humble and sexier, albeit circumscribe in hold formats and the Rio Karma is a far advantageously value.  
0	The iPod mini is pocket-sized and sexier, albeit define in stand formats and the Rio Karma is a far easily value.  
0	Too bad they don't mention anything about how the CD can't be used with a Mac. 
0	Too spoilt they don't advert anything about how the cd can't be used with a Mac. 
0	Too unsound they don't credit anything about how the CD can't be used with a macintosh. 
1	I purchased this router at a woodworking show after watching the CMT people using it to demo their bits and was impressed how it performed.
1	I purchased this router at a woodworking picture after watching the CMT people habituate it to demonstrate their moment and was affect how it performed.
1	i purchased this router at a woodworking usher after watching the CMT people employ it to demonstration their routine and was impressed how it performed.
1	It is a multifunction phone, reception quality is better than the 610.
1	It is a multifunction call, reception quality is estimable than the 610.
1	It is a multifunction phone, receipt quality is near than the 610.
1	interface - practically seamless . 
1	interface - practically unseamed . 
1	port - practically seamless . 
1	I actually purchased two phones recently (this one at the new Blackberry phone), and this one is far superior (IMHO).
1	I actually purchase deuce phones recently (this one at the newfangled Blackberry phone), and this unmatched is far superior (IMHO).
1	iodine actually purchased two telephone recently (this unmatched at the fresh Blackberry phone), and this one is far superior (IMHO).
1	i like the nomad 's color better , but it 's not terribly flashy . 
1	i like the nomad 's gloss wagerer , but it 's not terribly flashy . 
1	i wish the nomad 's color better , but it 's not abysmally flashy . 
0	It has the odd side effect of the buttons only partially working? 
0	It has the rum side effect of the buttons only partially run? 
0	It has the unexpended incline effect of the buttons only partially working? 
1	Everything shines of quality.  
1	Everything glint of quality.  
1	Everything radiance of quality.  
0	in fact , i 'd have to rate it among the worst i 've ever encountered . 
0	in fact , i 'd have to range it among the whip i 've ever meet . 
0	in fact , i 'd have to value it among the whip i 've ever receive . 
1	no matter the format . 
1	no count the format . 
1	no matter the initialize . 
1	the g3 has most if not all of the features that you would want from a semi-pro / pro slr with a good range of manual options for those who know something about photography . 
1	the g3 has most if not all of the have that you would neediness from a semi-pro / pro slr with a expert vagabond of manual choice for those who cognise something about photography . 
1	the g3 has most if not all of the sport that you would desire from a semi-pro / pro slr with a goodness ramble of manual choice for those who love something about photography . 
0	 Its steel backing picks up fingerprints and scratches easily, not great from a cosmetic standpoint.  
0	 Its steel backing cull up fingerprints and rub easily, not smashing from a cosmetic standpoint.  
0	 Its steel backing selection up fingerprint and dinero easily, not great from a cosmetic standpoint.  
1	 The model is also very clean and nice , and the software is very user-friendly .
1	 The model is also very pick and decent , and the software is very user-friendly .
1	 The mold is also very uninfected and nice , and the software is very user-friendly .
0	The 6600 will provide similar service in more developed areas of The States and not as well in more remote areas.
0	The 6600 will provide similar overhaul in more developed sphere of The States and not as considerably in more outside areas.
0	The 6600 will provide standardized service in more grow areas of The States and not as fountainhead in more remote orbit.
1	 It worked great and we just pluged it in .
1	 It function great and we just pluged it in .
1	 It knead great and we just pluged it in .
1	given that i already have the zen the only reason i am happy with it is because of the notmad software . 
1	consecrate that i already have the acid the only reasonableness i am felicitous with it is because of the notmad software . 
1	return that i already have the acid the only understanding i am happy with it is because of the notmad package . 
0	I've since replaced it with a pair of black Sennheisers... Not only are the packaged earbuds pretty uncomfortable, but are too similar to iPod's and can target iPod theives here in NYC. 
0	I've since replaced it with a duet of dim Sennheisers... not only are the package earbuds pretty uncomfortable, but are too standardised to iPod's and can object iPod theives here in NYC. 
0	I've since replaced it with a duo of disgraceful Sennheisers... non only are the packaged earbuds jolly uncomfortable, but are too exchangeable to iPod's and can direct iPod theives here in NYC. 
0	The navigation takes so much time that it would eventually drive you crazy.
0	The navigation carry so lots time that it would eventually drive you crazy.
0	The navigation carry so much time that it would eventually drive you softheaded.
0	The eq is awful, and even at top volumes, the bass is flat sounding. 
0	The eq is direful, and even at top volumes, the bass is categoric sounding. 
0	The eq is horrific, and even at top volumes, the bass is matte sounding. 
1	this is a benefit for many reasons ; one being just for appearance , your pants wo n't be bulging with this phone in your pocket . 
1	this is a benefit for many reasons ; unmatched being just for appearing , your pants wo n't be bulk with this telephone in your pocket . 
1	this is a profit for many conclude ; one being just for appearing , your heave wo n't be bulging with this phone in your pocket . 
1	all-in-all , i believe this is arguably the best non-slr digital camera on the market . 
1	all-in-all , i believe this is arguably the better non-slr digital camera on the mart . 
1	all-in-all , i believe this is arguably the right non-slr digital camera on the grocery . 
1	 Excellent heavy build quality , and the stands are not imposing and blend fairly well into the rest of my furniture .
1	 Excellent sonorous build prize , and the tolerate are not grand and blend fairly well into the rest of my furniture .
1	 Excellent toilsome build quality , and the digest are not imposing and blend fairly swell into the residuum of my furniture .
1	this camera has none of these flaws and will be something you 'll use all the time . 
1	this camera has none of these defect and will be something you 'll expend all the metre . 
1	this camera has none of these fault and will be something you 'll utilization all the clip . 
0	i immediately had problems getting the player to recognize two of my favorite dvds . 
0	i immediately had problems getting the player to greet two of my favorite videodisc . 
0	i instantly had problems arrest the player to recognize two of my favorite dvds . 
1	The first one lasted about 6 years of heavy use.
1	The first one lasted about 6 years of sound role.
1	The first one lasted about sestet years of dense use.
1	All the features are incredibly intuitive, even for a novice like me.
1	All the features are incredibly intuitive, eventide for a tyro like me.
1	All the sport are incredibly intuitive, level for a novice like me.
1	Yes, the 1-800 number probably redirected me to someone in India, but the guy was easy to understand, and he helped solve the problem. 
1	Yes, the 1-800 come probably redirected me to someone in India, but the cat was easygoing to understand, and he helped solve the trouble. 
1	Yes, the 1-800 issue probably redirected me to someone in India, but the rib was slowly to understand, and he helped solve the trouble. 
1	Overall, it'll make my move that much easier knowing I don't have to worry about connectivity.     
1	Overall, it'll constitute my move that much easier knowing ace don't have to trouble about connectivity.     
1	Overall, it'll make my move that much soft love I don't have to concern about connectivity.     
1	The handsfree provided by the phone is useful for those who talk on the phone while driving.
1	The handsfree provided by the headphone is useful for those who tattle on the phone while repulse.
1	The handsfree render by the sound is useful for those who talk on the phone while impulsive.
0	3 . mediasource is an application with serious user interface flaws . 
0	leash . mediasource is an application with dangerous user interface flaws . 
0	troika . mediasource is an application with serious user interface blemish . 
1	i highly recommend it . 
1	i extremely recommend it . 
1	i highly commend it . 
1	the battery life on this phone is surreal . 
1	the battery biography on this phone is surreal . 
1	the battery life on this earpiece is surreal . 
1	 We still have our other network , which I use with my iPod , however , I will change it soon because the CISCO Valet is much better and faster .
1	 We relieve have our other network , which I purpose with my iPod , however , I will convert it soon because the CISCO Valet is practically near and faster .
1	 We unruffled have our other network , which I utilization with my iPod , withal , I will change it soon because the CISCO Valet is much salutary and riotous .
1	Moving on to sound department... It delivers! 
1	Moving on to audio department... It delivers! 
1	Moving on to good department... It delivers! 
0	e ) the case is too small -- it took me like a half hour just to get this monstrosity to fit in its cage 
0	e ) the case is too minuscule -- it accept me like a half hour just to bring this monstrosity to fit in its coop 
0	e ) the subject is too humble -- it hold me like a half hour just to catch this monstrosity to fit in its cage 
1	nothing has broken on it , and it plays all the dvds i have . 
1	nothing has reveal on it , and it bet all the dvds i have . 
1	nothing has unkept on it , and it trifle all the dvds i have . 
1	This is the first phone I know of that has the large bright screen, infrared, bluetooth, USB connector and a speakerphone.
1	This is the initiative phone single cognize of that has the large bright screen, infrared, bluetooth, USB connecter and a speakerphone.
1	This is the offset phone single jazz of that has the large bright test, infrared, bluetooth, USB connector and a speakerphone.
1	 I highly recomend theese speakers .
1	 I highly recomend theese talker .
1	 i highly recomend theese speakers .
1	1.The Phone has the best keypad any Nokia phone has to offer.
1	1.The Phone has the upright keypad any Nokia phone has to bid.
1	one.The Phone has the honorable keypad any Nokia phone has to offer.
0	the locations of various buttons on one side or the other is somewhat illogical 
0	the fix of various buttons on matchless side or the other is somewhat illogical 
0	the locations of various buttons on one face or the other is somewhat unconnected 
0	2 ) scroll button / switch 
0	2 ) scroll button / trade 
0	2 ) scroll push / switch 
1	One of my favorite features about the player is its ability to sync to Windows Media Player. 
1	unmatchable of my darling features about the player is its ability to sync to Windows Media histrion. 
1	unmatched of my best-loved sport about the player is its ability to sync to Windows Media Player. 
1	 The speaker bar response was spot-on .
1	 The speaker relegate response was spot-on .
1	 The talker bar response was spot-on .
1	The picture quality of this camera is outstanding (taking its' size and price into consideration).
1	The picture timber of this camera is outstanding (need its' sizing and price into consideration).
1	The visualise select of this camera is outstanding (submit its' size and price into consideration).
1	 Speed tests showed that the wireless speeds were comparable to those of my home wireless router when using my home broadband cable modem as input .
1	 Speed essay express that the wireless upper were comparable to those of my home wireless router when expend my house broadband cable modem as input .
1	 Speed tests showed that the wireless hie were comparable to those of my abode radio router when using my base broadband telegraph modem as input .
0	I've alway liked Symantec products, except for this version 2004.
0	I've alway like Symantec products, except for this interpretation 2004.
0	I've alway liked Symantec merchandise, except for this translation 2004.
0	The scrol bar agian takes some getting used to. 
0	The scrol bar agian takes some getting utilise to. 
0	The scrol bar agian takes some sire used to. 
1	The 6600 was the best phone I could find with these options that I could get with t-mobile.
1	The 6600 was the best earpiece I could find with these options that iodine could produce with t-mobile.
1	The 6600 was the considerably phone I could find with these options that one could arrest with t-mobile.
1	also , you can store data on it , which is a plus. for all you people who want to buy an ipod just to say you have an ipod , do n't bother , this is a much better buy . 
1	also , you can depot information on it , which is a plus. for all you people who require to buy an ipod just to suppose you have an ipod , do n't rile , this is a practically proficient buy . 
1	also , you can store data on it , which is a summation. for all you people who require to buy an iPod just to order you have an ipod , do n't disoblige , this is a much full steal . 
0	 The replacement unit had a problem too : the little switch on the bottom was n't working properly , making it impossible to select among city forecasts in my area .
0	 The permutation unit had a problem too : the little switch on the bottom was n't cultivate properly , have it impossible to select among city foretell in my country .
0	 The replacement unit had a problem too : the short switch on the fanny was n't working properly , qualification it impossible to select among metropolis forecasts in my field .
1	the xtra improves upon the zen nx with a larger , now-blue backlit screen , which is infinitely better . 
1	the xtra better upon the zen nx with a enceinte , now-blue backlit screen , which is infinitely easily . 
1	the xtra improves upon the battery-acid nx with a big , now-blue backlit screen , which is infinitely estimable . 
1	night mode is clear as day . 
1	Night mode is clear as day . 
1	night mode is decipherable as day . 
0	I'm currently using a Sony Vaio S-150 (which I bought at the end of this past August), and it takes about five minutes just to boot the system - in fact, I've taken to just hibernating, rather than shutting down completely.
0	I'm currently expend a Sony Vaio S-150 (which single bought at the terminate of this past august), and it get about five arcminute just to boot the system - in fact, I've claim to just hibernating, sooner than shutting down completely.
0	I'm currently using a Sony Vaio S-150 (which single bought at the destruction of this yesteryear August), and it deal about fin minutes just to boot the organization - in fact, I've hold to just hibernating, instead than shutting down completely.
1	It was a very quick setup and installation, in fact the disc that it comes with pretty much makes sure you cant mess it up. 
1	It was a very agile setup and installation, in fact the disc that it derive with pretty much micturate sure you buzzword flock it up. 
1	It was a very ready setup and initiation, in fact the disc that it comes with pretty much micturate sure you camber muddle it up. 
1	it's easier and much more convenient to use because it doesn't have CLUMSY and CONFUSING (not to mention expensive) refills.
1	it's easier and much more convenient to exercise because it doesn't have gawky and jumble (not to reference expensive) refills.
1	it's easier and practically more convenient to usage because it doesn't have ill-chosen and perplexing (not to mention expensive) refills.
1	this is a very light phone - a little less than 3 oz , with long battery life ( not as long as the new polymer technology ) . 
1	this is a very abstemious phone - a little less than 3 oz , with tenacious battery lifetime ( not as tenacious as the new polymer technology ) . 
1	this is a very lighting phone - a little less than ternary oz , with foresighted battery life-time ( not as long as the new polymer technology ) . 
1	this is my first digital camera and i could n't be happier . 
1	this is my initiative digital camera and i could n't be glad . 
1	this is my outset digital camera and i could n't be happy . 
1	 My fiance ordered this computer , she 's a teacher so she needed a small computer that would keep her from bringing work home with her .
1	 My fiance coherent this computer , she 's a teacher so she demand a diminished computer that would keep her from bringing oeuvre abode with her .
1	 My fiance place this computer , she 's a teacher so she needed a lowly computer that would celebrate her from bringing shape domicile with her .
1	while going for a cellphone , i was fully determined to buy a nokia only as it is the best in cellphones . 
1	while expiration for a cellphone , i was fully determine to bribe a nokia only as it is the comfortably in cellphones . 
1	while release for a cell , i was fully ascertain to buy a nokia only as it is the skilful in cellphones . 
1	At 128 the songs sound very good.  
1	At 128 the Song sound very good.  
1	At 128 the songs sound very dear.  
1	 These issues aside, the iPod is kind of like the cell phone in that once you have one, you can't be without one.
1	 These emerge by, the iPod is tolerant of like the cell phone in that once you have peerless, you can't be without one.
1	 These issues aside, the iPod is genial of same the cadre earpiece in that once you have one, you can't be without one.
0	 I spend 10 hours\/day in a VNC session with dark colors ; the colors and brightness change across the panel when I look from the center to the corner .
0	 I spend 10 hour\/day in a VNC session with dark coloring ; the colors and brightness modification across the panel when I aspect from the pore to the corner .
0	 I spend 10 hours\/day in a VNC session with glowering semblance ; the discolour and brightness change across the panel when I attend from the marrow to the corner .
0	 The router has obviously problems with static IP addresses , firewalls and numerous other programs .
0	 The router has obviously problems with still IP reference , firewalls and numerous other programs .
0	 The router has obviously trouble with motionless IP addresses , firewalls and numerous other programs .
1	 Solid , resistant to scratches , better heat dissipation .
1	 Solid , resistant to rub , better heat dissipation .
1	 Solid , resistant to scratches , substantially heat dissipation .
1	 Very good range and seemed to be better in the horizontal position .
1	 Very good order and seemed to be better in the horizontal location .
1	 Very sound image and seemed to be better in the horizontal position .
0	* software is absolutely terrible : 
0	* software is absolutely dreaded : 
0	* software is absolutely fearsome : 
0	relative to what i can easily achieve with external flash on my nikon slr , the internal flash on the g3 produces harsh , flat images with ugly hot spots . 
0	relative to what i can easily achieve with external dart on my nikon slr , the interior cheap on the g3 grow harsh , mat images with ugly hot spots . 
0	relative to what i can easily achieve with external dart on my nikon slr , the internal shoot on the g3 produce harsh , flavourless project with ugly hot spots . 
1	 I really liked the size so I researched what to buy and this was it .
1	 I very liked the size so 1 researched what to steal and this was it .
1	 unity really like the size so I explore what to buy and this was it .
1	The metal housing seems very rugged.
1	The metal housing seems very broken.
1	The metal housing seems very furrowed.
1	the powershot g3 is a great camera . 
1	the powershot g3 is a expectant camera . 
1	the powershot g3 is a heavy camera . 
1	But from my experience, by the time it gets to that point, the bag is really heavy, so I think this is kind of helpful- it's a built-in way of keeping the bag manageable upon emptying.
1	But from my experience, by the time it incur to that charge, the bag is genuinely intemperate, so i think this is kind of helpful- it's a built-in way of keeping the bagful manageable upon evacuation.
1	only from my experience, by the time it stick to that point, the bag is really lumbering, so ane consider this is kind of helpful- it's a built-in manner of guardianship the bag manageable upon emptying.
1	The display and brightness on this phone is quite extraordinary.
1	The display and brightness on this earpiece is quite sinful.
1	The presentation and smartness on this phone is quite extraordinary.
1	it was easy enough to remove the front plate , and there was only one way the battery could be inserted . 
1	it was leisurely enough to remove the strawman plate , and there was only unmatchable way the battery could be inclose . 
1	it was sluttish enough to murder the front plate , and there was only unmatchable way the battery could be infix . 
1	This thing does everything but washes your dishes.
1	This thing does everything but race your dishes.
1	This thing does everything but washes your dish.
1	if you bring up an album , but absolutely hate some of the tracks , the zen will allow you to delete that from the playing order . 
1	if you impart up an album , but absolutely hate some of the racecourse , the zen will allow you to blue-pencil that from the represent place . 
1	if you work up an album , but absolutely hate some of the racecourse , the zen will provide you to erase that from the playing lodge . 
1	But I was ready to upgrade and when I discovered that Canon  was going to come out with an even smaller digital camera with a higher  resolution, I had to have the S100.
1	But I was ready to upgrade and when I find that Canon  was going to fare out with an even small digital camera with a gamy  solution, 1 had to have the S100.
1	simply I was ready to upgrade and when I see that canyon  was croak to come out with an even humble digital camera with a gamey  resolution, I had to have the S100.
0	 Last night I needed to reset the router .
0	 Last night I require to reset the router .
0	 lastly night I needed to reset the router .
1	 After seeing and hearing the sound of the I-Tour Pop speaker , I was sold .
1	 After consider and hearing the effectual of the I-Tour Pop speaker , I was sold .
1	 after seeing and hearing the sound of the I-Tour pa speaker , I was sold .
1	its fast-forward and rewind work much more smoothly and consistently than those of other models i 've had . 
1	its fast-forward and rewind function practically more smoothly and consistently than those of other mannikin i 've had . 
1	its fast-forward and rewind turn often more smoothly and consistently than those of other pose i 've had . 
1	So reliability is the winner here for the iPod.
1	So dependability is the winner here for the iPod.
1	then reliability is the winner here for the iPod.
1	also love waking up to music with attached speakers . 
1	also bang waking up to music with attached speakers . 
1	also love waking up to music with attached Speaker . 
1	i could make phone calls from locations i previously could not ( like my apartment ) . 
1	i could build phone address from locations i previously could not ( like my apartment ) . 
1	i could make phone telephone from locations i previously could not ( corresponding my apartment ) . 
1	 This portable speaker is easy to use , powerful enough for everyday use , and available at a pretty decent price .
1	 This portable speaker is easy to consumption , powerful enough for casual use , and available at a somewhat decent price .
1	 This portable speaker is easy to manipulation , muscular enough for everyday utilisation , and available at a pretty decent price .
0	if you want to rename a cd title that you have already transferred , you will become frustrated quite quickly . 
0	if you want to rename a 400 title that you have already transport , you will suit frustrated quite quickly . 
0	if you want to rename a Cd title that you have already channel , you will become frustrated rather quickly . 
0	Among its weak points is the MMC slot location and a bit vague design.
0	Among its weak points is the MMC slot fix and a bit shadowy design.
0	Among its weak spot is the MMC slot location and a snatch vague design.
1	after considering my needs further and researching the marketplace, I decided on the s100.
1	after consider my needs further and researching the marketplace, single decided on the s100.
1	after reckon my penury further and researching the marketplace, I decided on the s100.
0	 The sound quality is very poor .
0	 The levelheaded quality is very poor .
0	 The well-grounded quality is very poor .
0	it sometimes takes the picture at some indefinite period of time after you press the shutter button . 
0	it sometimes convey the impression at some indefinite period of time after you push the shutter button . 
0	it sometimes takes the characterisation at some indefinite period of time after you compress the shutter clit . 
0	it is embarassing getting phone calls from family members telling you that the dvd player you gave them less that 3 months ago is no longer working . 
0	it is embarassing induce call calls from family members assure you that the dvd player you break them less that 3 months ago is no longer influence . 
0	it is embarassing take phone song from kinsperson members telling you that the dvd player you apply them less that 3 months ago is no farsighted working . 
0	 So slow , that it is not useable for files of any size or back-ups .
0	 soh slow , that it is not useable for files of any sizing or back-ups .
0	 then easy , that it is not useable for files of any size or back-ups .
1	Its well made and user friendly.
1	Its considerably made and user friendly.
1	Its well ready and user friendly.
1	 It 's loud and the quality is good .
1	 It 's loud and the quality is serious .
1	 It 's loud and the quality is unspoiled .
0	I say adequate because it was enough to get wireless working, but nowhere near enough instruction to do the proper configuration job that I could have done if so!
0	I enunciate enough because it was enough to start wireless running, but nowhere almost enough instruction to do the proper configuration job that I could have done if so!
0	single say adequate because it was enough to commence wireless mould, but nowhere near enough instruction to do the proper configuration business that I could have set if so!
0	the strap is horrible and gets in the way of parts of the camera you need access to . 
0	the slash is horrible and gets in the style of parts of the camera you pauperization access to . 
0	the strap is horrible and beget in the fashion of part of the camera you need access to . 
0	The buttons are rather stiff. 
0	The buttons are rather unshakable. 
0	The clit are rather stiff. 
0	made the camera totally inoperable . 
0	give the camera totally inoperable . 
0	prepare the camera totally inoperable . 
1	 Unless you have an enormous music/audio book library, the 20 GB model should have more than adequate storage capacity, with a stated ability to hold 5000 songs.  
1	 Unless you have an enormous music/audio book library, the 20 sarin exemplar should have more than adequate storage capacitance, with a tell ability to restrain 5000 songs.  
1	 Unless you have an enormous music/audio ledger library, the xx Gbit model should have more than adequate storage capacity, with a stated ability to wait 5000 song.  
1	the ringtones included are awesome , and did i mention they were polyphonic ? 
1	the ringtones include are awesome , and did i citation they were polyphonic ? 
1	the ringtones included are awe-inspiring , and did i citation they were polyphonic ? 
0	Unfortunately, Creative offered scant few pages of instruction, which meant that I was on own from the outset. 
0	Unfortunately, Creative offered scant few pages of instruction, which imply that 1 was on own from the commencement. 
0	Unfortunately, Creative offered stint few pages of instruction, which intend that I was on own from the beginning. 
1	takes excellent photos . 
1	aim excellent photos . 
1	takes excellent photo . 
1	even the battery life is great - it advertises 14 hours , it 's actually a little less but still good . 
1	even the battery life is dandy - it advertises 14 hours , it 's actually a footling less but still soundly . 
1	level the barrage life is outstanding - it advertises 14 hours , it 's actually a little less but still good . 
1	other than that , this is a perfect phone for those of us with no patience for flips . 
1	other than that , this is a thoroughgoing phone for those of U with no patience for riff . 
1	other than that , this is a unadulterated earphone for those of us with no patience for twitch . 
1	the cool thing about the ad-2600 it plays alot of different file like mp3 , wma cds , jpeg and kodak picture cds , dvd 's , dvd - / + r 's . 
1	the aplomb thing about the ad-2600 it act alot of dissimilar file ilk mp3 , wma cds , jpeg and kodak photo cds , dvd 's , dvd - / + r 's . 
1	the cool thing about the ad-2600 it act alot of different file like mp3 , wma candle , jpeg and kodak characterisation cds , videodisk 's , videodisc - / + r 's . 
1	i still have over 19gb left , and already have over 200 cd 's on it . 
1	i noneffervescent have over 19gb remaining , and already have over 200 candle 's on it . 
1	i nonetheless have over 19gb unexpended , and already have over 200 400 's on it . 
0	The only not-so-positive comment I have is about the depth adjustment, it is not easy to micro-adjust accurately.
0	The only not-so-positive annotate I have is about the depth adaptation, it is not slow to micro-adjust accurately.
0	The only not-so-positive comment 1 have is about the profoundness adjustment, it is not easily to micro-adjust accurately.
0	their customer ( www.apexdigitalinc.com ) service is very poor . 
0	their customer ( www.apexdigitalinc.com ) service is very inadequate . 
0	their customer ( www.apexdigitalinc.com ) service is very pathetic . 
1	overall , i 'm giving this 5 stars as i 've seen nothing of the problems people have repeatedly cried havoc over , but as i 've only had the player for a while i leave room for doubt if the headphone jack , hissing , or scroll wheel problems show up with me too . 
1	overall , i 'm giving this fin lead as i 've visualise null of the problems people have repeatedly yell havoc over , but as i 've only had the player for a while i give room for doubt if the earphone jak , sibilate , or scroll wheel problems express up with me too . 
1	overall , i 'm grant this V virtuoso as i 've find nada of the problems people have repeatedly squall havoc over , but as i 've only had the player for a while i provide room for doubt if the headphone gob , fizzle , or scroll wheel problems record up with me too . 
0	3 ) with mediasource being so easy , i found no use for the bundled nomad explorer software . 
0	3 ) with mediasource being so gentle , i found no habituate for the cluster nomad explorer software . 
0	tierce ) with mediasource being so easy , i find no utilise for the bundled nomad explorer software . 
1	it 's running great for all the dvds i have and rented . 
1	it 's play great for all the videodisc i have and rented . 
1	it 's running peachy for all the videodisk i have and rented . 
1	3) Joy stick for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card to store the pictures and stuff.
1	trey) Joy stick for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory add-in to store the exposure and stuff.
1	trine) pleasure stick for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card to store the pictures and hooey.
1	uploading the images to my windows-based pc is very fast and simple . 
1	uploading the images to my windows-based pc is very firm and childlike . 
1	uploading the images to my windows-based pc is very truehearted and unproblematic . 
1	Probably a great phone overall, and perhaps mine just has bugs.
1	Probably a smashing phone overall, and peradventure mine just has bugs.
1	Probably a swell call overall, and perhaps mine just has bugs.
1	the player is intuitive and outputs great sound quality . 
1	the instrumentalist is intuitive and outputs great sound quality . 
1	the player is intuitive and outputs great vocalize quality . 
0	the screen may be a little smaller , but it is very readable and does n't come in the overused blue . 
0	the screen may be a fiddling humble , but it is very readable and does n't number in the overused low-spirited . 
0	the screen whitethorn be a footling littler , but it is very readable and does n't come in the overused downcast . 
0	but with a low price , comes lower quality . 
0	but with a humbled price , comes lower quality . 
0	but with a low price , comes frown quality . 
1	This product is amazing and better than the Ipod you can get at the same price. 
1	This product is bewilder and respectable than the Ipod you can father at the same price. 
1	This product is pose and good than the Ipod you can stupefy at the same price. 
0	 I will have to wholeheartedly agree with others here about the quality of this speaker .
0	 ace will have to wholeheartedly concur with others here about the choice of this speaker .
0	 i will have to wholeheartedly agree with others here about the prize of this verbalizer .
1	it plays alternate video formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well . 
1	it trifle tack video formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well . 
1	it wager alternate video formatting ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well . 
1	 At first I dealt with this as 18mbps was still REALLY fast .
1	 At first I handle with this as 18mbps was calm REALLY fast .
1	 At first ane dealt with this as 18mbps was still REALLY immobile .
1	 Highly recommend this monitor - hard to beat at this price point .
1	 Highly recommend this monitor - hard to ticktack at this price period .
1	 Highly recommend this monitor - unvoiced to rhythm at this price point .
1	 Here are my observations : Pros : + Folding ; these have a very clever design that allows them to fold in to a small cube for easy transporting + Good Sound ; produces fairly good sound at all but the highest volume levels -LRB- see `` Cons '' , below -RRB- , at least to my untrained ear + Universal Connector ; the unit uses a standard mini connector , so this can be used with all of MP3 players + Power Options ; comes with a USB power cable or it can use 4 x AAA batteries .
1	 Here are my observations : Pros : + Folding ; these have a very clever excogitation that reserve them to flexure in to a small cube for easy transporting + respectable vocalise ; produce fairly commodity healthy at all but the highest mass levels -LRB- find `` Cons '' , below -RRB- , at least to my untrained ear + universal Connector ; the unit uses a stock mini connector , so this can be habituate with all of MP3 players + Power Options ; semen with a USB power cable or it can consumption 4 cristal AAA battery .
1	 Here are my observations : Pros : + foldable ; these have a very clever designing that tolerate them to fold in to a lowly cube for easy channelize + just phone ; acquire fairly estimable sound at all but the mellow volume even -LRB- visit `` goldbrick '' , below -RRB- , at least to my untrained ear + Universal Connector ; the unit usage a standard mini connector , so this can be used with all of MP3 players + Power Options ; ejaculate with a USB power cable or it can apply quartet x AAA batteries .
1	Its nice look is also a plus.
1	Its Nice look is also a plus.
1	Its nice looking is also a plus.
1	I still need to read up on some of the security settings, etc to fully understand all that's up there, but bottom-line is that the installation was like night and day compared to the Speedboost router. 
1	I motionless demand to register up on some of the security background, etc to fully infer all that's up there, but bottom-line is that the installation was ilk Night and day compared to the Speedboost router. 
1	one tranquillize need to register up on some of the security background, etc to fully empathise all that's up there, but bottom-line is that the installation was ilk Night and day compared to the Speedboost router. 
1	While this phone obviously doesn't have the same quality construction as Motorola does, the Nokia 6600 is one of the better phones I've used.
1	While this earphone obviously doesn't have the same lineament construction as Motorola does, the Nokia 6600 is peerless of the amend phones I've used.
1	While this phone obviously doesn't have the same quality construction as Motorola does, the Nokia 6600 is nonpareil of the adept sound I've secondhand.
0	have tried to contact apex via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the e-mail address is not valid . 
0	have judge to impinging peak via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the e-mail address is not valid . 
0	have test to contact acme via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the e-mail destination is not valid . 
1	 I paired this very easily to two different Android phones .
1	 I mate this very easily to two different Android sound .
1	 single paired this very easily to two different Android earphone .
1	i looked into buying an inexpensive dvd player that had more than the standard set of features and this item seemed to be the best in that category . 
1	i attend into bribe an inexpensive dvd player that had more than the standard determine of sport and this item seemed to be the unspoiled in that category . 
1	i looked into buying an inexpensive dvd player that had more than the measure curing of characteristic and this item look to be the salutary in that category . 
0	 First thing I tested was the speed , and I have to say it was abysmal .
0	 First thing I test was the upper , and i have to say it was abysmal .
0	 world-class thing I prove was the race , and I have to say it was abysmal .
1	but anyway , the only thing you should really look at here is the fact that the phone does have voice dialing . 
1	but anyway , the only thing you should actually aspect at here is the fact that the earphone does have vocalism dialing . 
1	but anyways , the only thing you should rattling looking at here is the fact that the sound does have voice dialing . 
1	t-mobile is trying very hard , and again -- they do have pretty good csr 's . 
1	t-mobile is render very firmly , and again -- they do have pretty good csr 's . 
1	t-mobile is strain very hard , and again -- they do have pretty honest csr 's . 
1	 Ca n't beat it for the price .
1	 Ca n't bunk it for the price .
1	 Calif. n't beat it for the price .
1	Tough as nails. 
1	Tough as peg. 
1	knotty as nails. 
0	after several years of torture in the hands of at&t customer service i am delighted to drop them , and look forward to august 2004 when i will convert our other 3 family-phones from at&t to t-mobile ! 
0	after respective yr of torture in the hands of at&t customer help i am ravish to drop-off them , and wait forwards to august 2004 when i will convert our other 3 family-phones from at&t to t-mobile ! 
0	after several year of torture in the hands of at&t customer Service i am enjoy to unload them , and looking advancing to august 2004 when i will commute our other 3 family-phones from at&t to t-mobile ! 
1	but , it seems to work so well now , that i do n't anticipate any problems with it . 
1	but , it seems to run so well now , that i do n't predict any trouble with it . 
1	but , it seems to turn so intimately now , that i do n't forestall any problems with it . 
0	I wash ours out with lysol each time I empty it, and that helps, but when its hot out- well, just be prepared.
0	I lap ours out with lysol each time iodine empty it, and that helps, but when its hot out- fountainhead, just be organise.
0	i dampen ours out with lysol each time ane empty it, and that service, but when its hot out- well, just be prepared.
1	I like the size and shape.
1	I ilk the size and shape.
1	I like the size and condition.
0	 The connection is not reliable and constantly dropped .
0	 The connection is not dependable and constantly dropped .
0	 The connection is not reliable and constantly devolve .
0	the first one we installed did n't work , and our kids were devastated to say the least . 
0	the first 1 we installed did n't form , and our fry were devastated to say the least . 
0	the showtime one we installed did n't act , and our kids were devastated to articulate the least . 
1	The sound is very nice.  
1	The fathom is very nice.  
1	The legal is very nice.  
1	many have complained about the software included but in my opinion it 's easy to use and effective . 
1	many have complained about the software included but in my feeling it 's prosperous to usage and effective . 
1	many have complained about the software included but in my view it 's well-to-do to expend and effective . 
0	 Range was comparable to , or possibly slightly worse than the old Linksys router I had been using for years .
0	 grasp was comparable to , or possibly slightly tough than the old Linksys router I had been using for twelvemonth .
0	 range was comparable to , or possibly slimly worse than the old Linksys router I had been victimisation for years .
1	So much safer than the others that require a two handed operation!
1	So much safer than the others that require a ii hand operation!
1	then much safer than the others that ask a two handed operation!
0	 I 'd tell you myself my experiences but the router waiting to go back to the store so I never got far enough to try this .
0	 I 'd narrate you myself my experiences but the router waiting to sound rearward to the store so ane never get far enough to try this .
0	 I 'd tell you myself my see but the router waiting to go backwards to the store so i never bring far enough to render this .
0	The touchpad is annoying sometimes (give me the click-wheel and pressable buttons any day), but not at all as difficult to get over as other people are saying.
0	The touchpad is chafe sometimes (consecrate me the click-wheel and pressable release any day), but not at all as difficult to arrive over as other people are allege.
0	The touchpad is pesky sometimes (pass me the click-wheel and pressable buttons any Day), but not at all as difficult to mother over as other people are pronounce.
1	The picture quality surprised me, when I first saw this camera I saw how small it was an instantly assumed that the picture quality would not be good--but I was wrong!
1	The film lineament surprised me, when unity first saw this camera I ascertain how small it was an instantaneously assumed that the delineation quality would not be good--but I was wrong!
1	The impression quality surprised me, when I outset attend this camera I regard how small it was an instantly accept that the painting quality would not be good--but I was wrong!
0	even after reading some of the instructions , it 's still hard to figure out . 
0	even after reading some of the instructions , it 's relieve hard to build out . 
0	even after reading some of the instructions , it 's still laborious to picture out . 
1	 They fix the problem and help you with whatever your I-Pod needs Comes with two USB ports and a charger.
1	 They get the problem and help you with whatever your I-Pod necessitate Comes with deuce USB ports and a courser.
1	 They unsex the problem and avail you with any your I-Pod postulate Comes with two USB ports and a charger.
0	 Easy enough but it did not work .
0	 Easy enough but it did not play .
0	 well-heeled enough but it did not work .
0	 It 's flimsy plastic and the monitor bounces around while you type .
0	 It 's flimsy plastic and the Monitor ricochet around while you type .
0	 It 's flimsy plastic and the supervise spring around while you type .
1	great phone , i 'd buy another . 
1	bang-up phone , i 'd buy another . 
1	nifty phone , i 'd buy another . 
1	 After much frustration , I finally upgraded the firmware to the latest DD-WRT firmware at DD-WRT 's website and it resolved all my problems .
1	 After much thwarting , I finally raise the firmware to the modish DD-WRT firmware at DD-WRT 's website and it resolve all my problems .
1	 later practically frustration , ace last upgraded the firmware to the latest DD-WRT firmware at DD-WRT 's website and it resolved all my problems .
1	You can use the OBEX File Transfer service with bluetooth from linux (KDE-bluetooth provieds a nice intergration into Konqueror for this) for sending files to the phone.
1	You can role the OBEX File transportation Service with bluetooth from linux (KDE-bluetooth provieds a gracious intergration into Konqueror for this) for ship files to the phone.
1	You can utilise the OBEX charge Transfer serve with bluetooth from linux (KDE-bluetooth provieds a nice intergration into Konqueror for this) for ship files to the telephone.
1	i 'm giving this player cautious recommendation . 
1	i 'm giving this participant cautious recommendation . 
1	i 'm present this player cautious recommendation . 
0	 I 'm still very frustrated with some of the properties , but now that I have saved equalizer settings and know I have to open up my sound card 's control panel every time I switch between music and videos or games , the sound is much more acceptable .
0	 I 'm still very spoil with some of the prop , but now that ace have deliver equalizer settings and know I have to surface up my sound card 's insure gore every metre I switch between music and videos or gage , the sound is much more acceptable .
0	 i 'm still very thwarted with some of the properties , but now that ane have write equalizer settings and know ace have to undefendable up my legal wag 's control panel every time I switch between music and videos or games , the phone is much more acceptable .
1	And so far, I have been very, very happy with my Zen Micro. 
1	And so far, I have been very, very glad with my Elvis Micro. 
1	And so far, I have been very, very happy with my acid micro. 
1	 Dialogue is very noticeably clearer .
1	 Dialogue is very noticeably cleared .
1	 Dialogue is very perceptibly clearer .
1	 If you have netbook expectations you will be pleasantly surprised by how well this baby runs .
1	 If you have netbook anticipation you will be pleasantly surprised by how wellspring this baby bleed .
1	 If you have netbook expectations you will be pleasantly surprised by how fountainhead this featherbed bunk .
0	No matter how accustomed to the phone you become, too much time is required to get to, open and close applications.
0	No matter how customary to the phone you become, too much time is required to father to, unfold and conclude applications.
0	no matter how accustomed to the phone you become, too much time is requisite to obtain to, open and fold applications.
0	 My only complaint is like others here ... it randomly disconnects from the bluetooth and it 's really annoying when it does because it does it so often .
0	 My only charge is similar others here ... it haphazardly disconnects from the bluetooth and it 's actually vex when it does because it does it so often .
0	 My only complaint is alike others here ... it haphazardly gulf from the bluetooth and it 's really irritate when it does because it does it so much .
0	First off, the battery.
0	first off, the battery.
0	maiden off, the battery.
1	 It also has excellent coverage through our two story house .
1	 It also has first-class coverage through our two floor house .
1	 It also has splendid coverage through our two floor house .
0	However, it is much bigger, bulkier, and heavier than my other router and I would not like to use it freehand (I keep it mounted in a table).
0	However, it is much bounteous, bulkier, and large than my other router and I would not like to use it freehand (ane restrain it mounted in a tabulate).
0	However, it is much liberal, bulkier, and wakeless than my other router and I would not care to usage it freehand (ace keep it mounted in a table).
0	bookmarks for example , are an excellent feature ... but not on this player .. . 
0	bookmarks for example , are an excellent sport ... but not on this histrion .. . 
0	bookmarks for model , are an excellent boast ... but not on this player .. . 
1	I was using the cheapie pail...and it worked ok until the opening device fell apart.
1	I was utilise the cheapie pail...and it exploit ok until the opening device descend apart.
1	I was victimisation the cheapie pail...and it worked ok until the hatchway device come apart.
0	the only complaint i have is that when you push in the scroll wheel to select , you have to push straight in or it sticks . 
0	the only complaint i have is that when you advertise in the whorl wheel to select , you have to crusade neat in or it bewilder . 
0	the only complaint i have is that when you tug in the scroll wheel to choice , you have to thrust unbowed in or it bind . 
1	 the soft orange glow at the base is a nice nightlight .
1	 the indulgent orange radiance at the base is a nice nightlight .
1	 the soft orange freshness at the groundwork is a nice nightlight .
1	Its compact and has rounded edges. 
1	Its bundle and has rounded edges. 
1	Its stocky and has rounded edges. 
0	Imagine my disappointment, though, when the Zen Micro proved able to play only the mega-strongest FM signals in my area.  
0	Imagine my disappointment, though, when the Zen Micro evidence able to represent only the mega-strongest FM signalise in my arena.  
0	think my disappointment, though, when the superman Micro proved able to wreak only the mega-strongest FM indicate in my area.  
0	The battery life can't be very long; let's not be greedy.
0	The battery animation can't be very recollective; let's not be greedy.
0	The shelling biography can't be very long; let's not be greedy.
1	i love all of the features , and presets as well . 
1	i dearest all of the features , and presets as fountainhead . 
1	i honey all of the lineament , and presets as well . 
0	I'm probably the only person that dislikes the iTunes software. 
0	I'm credibly the only soul that dislikes the iTunes software. 
0	I'm probably the only mortal that disfavour the iTunes software. 
1	I haven't tried to set up any advanced features on the router, but it is not difficult to set up for basic use.  
1	I haven't attempt to determined up any advanced features on the router, but it is not difficult to coiffe up for staple use.  
1	unity haven't tried to dress up any modern features on the router, but it is not difficult to situated up for basic use.  
1	our special friends at creative gave this thing good sound quality , great features , long battery life , and an unbeatable price . 
1	our special friends at creative gave this thing skilful heavy quality , corking features , long barrage life , and an unbeatable price . 
1	our special friends at originative gave this thing upright sound quality , great features , recollective battery life , and an unbeatable Price . 
0	 They offered to replace my controller but -- important to note -- they were unwilling to cross-ship it .
0	 They extend to supplant my controller but -- important to notation -- they were unwilling to cross-ship it .
0	 They offer to supersede my controller but -- important to preeminence -- they were unwilling to cross-ship it .
1	This was possible due to the variable speed settings for any sized bit.
1	This was possible due to the variable race settings for any sized bite.
1	This was possible referable to the variable amphetamine settings for any sized bit.
1	It contains the smell from our baby's diapers and we can use just about any kind of bag inside.
1	It contains the odour from our baby's diapers and we can use just about any sort of handbag inside.
1	It control the spirit from our baby's diapers and we can use just about any kind of bag indoors.
1	4 . the shape of this device is a little squarer , without losing the weight which means better balance and less shaking while clicking . 
1	4 . the shape of this device is a picayune squarer , without losing the weight which entail intimately balance and less judder while clicking . 
1	IV . the shape of this device is a niggling squarer , without losing the burden which means better equipoise and less shaking while clicking . 
1	it has lots of features such as the calendar which works like my outlook calendar . 
1	it has allot of lineament such as the calendar which sour like my outlook calendar . 
1	it has mickle of features such as the calendar which run like my prospect calendar . 
1	comes with a 16 mb compact flash and one rechargable battery the charging unit , included , is fast and small . 
1	comes with a 16 Mbit compact flashbulb and one rechargable battery the institutionalize unit , included , is fast and small . 
1	comes with a xvi mb compact blink and one rechargable battery the buck unit , included , is fast and small . 
1	 These are good looking , durable speaker stands .
1	 These are good looking , perdurable speaker stands .
1	 These are honorable looking , durable speaker stands .
1	 Very tight joints , excellent black finish , and precise speaker wire hook-ups .
1	 Very soaked joints , excellent black finish , and precise speaker telegraph hook-ups .
1	 Very tight spliff , excellent black finish , and exact speaker wire hook-ups .
0	 The labeling of firmware itself is a mystery and suggests that this company is just scrambling to put out fires .
0	 The label of firmware itself is a mystery and suggests that this company is just skin to couch out sack .
0	 The labeling of firmware itself is a mystery and propose that this company is just scramble to place out fervency .
1	4- Looks great.
1	4- Looks heavy.
1	4- await great.
1	 It allows the USB interface on the router to be used either for NAS or print server .
1	 It permit the USB interface on the router to be utilise either for sodium or print server .
1	 It provide the USB interface on the router to be secondhand either for NAS or mark server .
0	i would have liked to have given it 4 1/2 stars docking that 1/2 star only for the size . 
0	i would have liked to have generate it quaternion 1/2 maven docking that 1/2 wizard only for the size . 
0	i would have liked to have present it quatern 1/2 superstar docking that ace/2 star only for the size . 
1	the digital zoom takes as good of pictures , as the optical zoom does ! 
1	the digital zoom takes as honest of envision , as the optical zoom does ! 
1	the digital zoom takes as thoroughly of ikon , as the optical zoom does ! 
1	recent price drops have made the g3 the best bargain in digital cameras currently available . 
1	recent price overleap have construct the g3 the honorable bargain in digital cameras currently available . 
1	recent price pretermit have form the g3 the unspoiled bargain in digital cameras currently available . 
1	 The iHome 's stereo reproduction is clearly superior .
1	 The iHome 's stereo reproduction is clearly higher-up .
1	 The iHome 's stereo reproduction is clearly superscript .
0	 My comments are as follow : 1 - Does n't have direct Elictrical connectivity -LRB- you need Adapter which is comming with the package -RRB- 2 - It is really very difficult to connect the the power Cable & the regular -LRB- VGA -RRB- PC connection .
0	 My comments are as surveil : 1 - practice n't have straight Elictrical connectivity -LRB- you indigence transcriber which is comming with the package -RRB- II - It is really very difficult to tie the the power Cable & the regular -LRB- VGA -RRB- PC connector .
0	 My remark are as come : 1 - exercise n't have unmediated Elictrical connectivity -LRB- you postulate Adapter which is comming with the package -RRB- 2 - It is really very difficult to link the the powerfulness Cable & the unconstipated -LRB- VGA -RRB- PC connection .
0	short warranty ( 3 months , so i got the extended warranty at best buy ) , occasional freeze up ( easily fixed by popping out battery ) , somewhat flimsy navigation wheel . 
0	short warranty ( tercet months , so i induce the extended warranty at right buy ) , occasional freeze up ( easily fixate by popping out battery ) , somewhat flimsy navigation bicycle . 
0	short warranty ( troika months , so i bewilder the carry warranty at outdo buy ) , occasional suspend up ( easily fixed by popping out battery ) , somewhat flimsy navigation wheel . 
1	2. Take around 10,000 640x480 pictures.
1	2. have around 10,000 640x480 pictures.
1	2. hire around 10,000 640x480 pictures.
1	however , the battery life is good enough you should n't be overly concerned with turning this phone off . 
1	however , the battery biography is beneficial enough you should n't be overly concerned with sprain this phone off . 
1	however , the battery life is goodness enough you should n't be overly touch with wrick this phone off . 
1	owner 's manual has substandard troubleshooting guide . 
1	owner 's manual has inferior troubleshooting guide . 
1	owner 's manual has substandard trouble-shoot guide . 
0	The menu pops up after 3 seconds The picture takes a while to load from its slow card memory.
0	The menu pop up after tierce seconds The picture lease a while to load from its slow card memory.
0	The menu pops up after triad seconds The picture takings a while to freight from its slow card memory.
1	I am now staring at an array of stuff including Zen Micro player, stereo earbud headphones, a rechargeable lithium-ion battery, an AC/DC power adapter, a USB 2.0 cable, a belt-clip, a stand, a stylish cloth pouch, an installation CD, a quick-start guide, and Creative MediaSource software.  
1	I am now pure at an array of overgorge including battery-acid Micro player, stereo earbud headphone, a rechargeable lithium-ion battery, an AC/DC mightiness adapter, a USB 2.0 line, a belt-clip, a stomach, a stylish cloth sac, an installation CD, a quick-start point, and Creative MediaSource software.  
1	unity am now staring at an regalia of binge including Zen Micro player, stereo earbud headphones, a rechargeable lithium-ion battery, an AC/DC mogul adapter, a USB two.0 line, a belt-clip, a standpoint, a stylish cloth pouch, an installment CD, a quick-start pass, and Creative MediaSource software.  
1	the camera was a marvel . 
1	the camera was a marvel . 
1	the camera was a wonder . 
1	 Easy to hook up .
1	 Easy to sweetener up .
1	 tardily to hook up .
0	the controls are somewhat harder to use , and there are some oddities about the software tagging system , but most people can live with this . 
0	the controls are somewhat harder to usance , and there are some oddness about the software tagging organisation , but most people can last with this . 
0	the controls are somewhat intemperately to practice , and there are some curio about the software mark system , but most people can live with this . 
1	most of them are already switched to apex and they are happy . 
1	most of them are already swap to apex and they are felicitous . 
1	most of them are already tack to acme and they are happy . 
0	 2 weeks later , The monitor start having other issues , only half screen turns on , or it become a full green screen and doesnt change , you need to turn it off and on again until it works .
0	 2 weeks belated , The monitor commence having other issues , only half screen wrench on , or it suit a full green screen and doesnt interchange , you need to flex it off and on again until it workings .
0	 2 weeks later , The monitor go having other issue , only half filmdom turns on , or it become a full unripe screen and doesnt change , you pauperism to plow it off and on again until it study .
0	their network coverage is very sporadic , and the network always seems overloaded , resulting in very unpleasant calling experience . 
0	their meshwork coverage is very sporadic , and the meshing always seems overloaded , resulting in very unpleasant predict experience . 
0	their net coverage is very sporadic , and the network ever appear overloaded , resulting in very unpleasant calling experience . 
1	b. fast mediasource cd ripping - takes about 40 seconds for a cd on my pentium 4 pc ( 2.4 ghz with 1gb ram ) with 52x drive . 
1	b. profligate mediasource cd ripping - consume about 40 instant for a cd on my pentium quaternary pc ( 2.4 ghz with 1gb cram ) with 52x drive . 
1	boron. profligate mediasource cd ripping - hold about 40 seconds for a cd on my pentium iv pc ( 2.4 ghz with 1gb ram ) with 52x labor . 
1	 This little speaker has dynamite sound !!
1	 This little speaker has dynamite profound !!
1	 This little utterer has dynamite sound !!
0	* main dial is not backlit . 
0	* independent dial is not backlit . 
0	* principal dial is not backlit . 
1	*holds the odor in nicely!
1	*clutches the odor in nicely!
1	*holds the smell in nicely!
0	the scroll button is sort of annoying to push - a nice button would be nicer but eh , not a big deal . 
0	the gyre button is sort of annoying to agitate - a nice button would be decent but eh , not a braggy deal . 
0	the whorl button is sort of vexation to push - a nice clitoris would be nicer but eh , not a big trade . 
0	 The controls are hard to see and not intuitive .
0	 The controls are hard to examine and not intuitive .
0	 The controls are intemperately to see and not intuitive .
1	 Great product , works perfectly for my office !!!
1	 Great product , plant perfectly for my office !!!
1	 Great product , works perfectly for my billet !!!
0	The other pail I used started to smell after 2 weeks of use.
0	The other pail 1 used started to feel after 2 weeks of use.
0	The other pail I employ started to smell after 2 weeks of exercise.
1	Norton pops up a window about the intrusions and gives me as much detail as possible about where the intrusion is coming from.
1	Norton dad up a window about the trespass and afford me as much detail as possible about where the encroachment is coming from.
1	Norton protrude up a window about the intrusions and devote me as often detail as possible about where the intrusion is do from.
1	 When the Matrox G550 Dual-DVI card comes out , I 'll consider purchasing one more of these super displays .
1	 When the Matrox G550 Dual-DVI card comes out , iodine 'll moot purchasing one more of these super display .
1	 When the Matrox G550 Dual-DVI wag comes out , ane 'll deliberate purchasing one more of these super displays .
1	The fact that has an open-source firmware makes it a great option in my opinion. 
1	The fact that has an open-source firmware realize it a cracking option in my view. 
1	The fact that has an open-source firmware realize it a groovy pick in my opinion. 
1	- large easy readable screen 
1	- large easy readable sort 
1	- large well-situated readable screen 
0	I got about 700 loaded up before it told me I was full, and at that point, I was ready to toss it out the window.   
0	I engender about 700 fuddled up before it severalize me I was full, and at that head, 1 was ready to toss it out the window.   
0	I got about 700 plastered up before it order me I was wide, and at that indicate, unity was ready to toss it out the window.   
1	The battery on mine lasts 2 days if I don't play games that much, and it only takes 90 mins to charge from flat.
1	The battery on mine lasts 2 days if ace don't run games that much, and it only issue 90 mins to boot from flat.
1	The battery on mine lasts 2 daytime if 1 don't play games that much, and it only takes 90 mins to kick from flatcar.
1	I think sound quality should be the first and foremost feature, and the Zen is leaps and bounds better in sound quality, with no need to upgrade the earphones. 
1	I think strait quality should be the first and foremost feature, and the Zen is leaps and bound substantially in sound lineament, with no motive to upgrade the earphones. 
1	I think strait quality should be the initiatory and foremost feature, and the Zen is spring and restrain proficient in sound quality, with no need to upgrade the earphones. 
0	sure it had all the features , but when i tried to shoot a girl 's basketball game it just wan't up to the task . 
0	certainly it had all the features , but when i hear to fool a girl 's basketball gage it just wan't up to the task . 
0	indisputable it had all the lineament , but when i tried to film a girl 's basketball plot it just wan't up to the task . 
0	i know this unit will have problems in the future and the $ 40 for the 2 year " no questions asked " replacement warranty will be worth it , since creative will only warrant it for 90 days - which in itself is totally ridiculous ! 
0	i cognize this unit will have problems in the future and the $ XL for the 2 year " no interrogate involve " replacement warranty will be worth it , since creative will only warranty it for XC days - which in itself is all pathetic ! 
0	i hump this whole will have trouble in the future and the $ 40 for the 2 year " no interrogative require " refilling warranty will be worth it , since creative will only indorsement it for 90 days - which in itself is entirely ridiculous ! 
0	 They do look cool in the dark though .
0	 They do look cool in the coloured though .
0	 They do wait cool in the dark though .
1	 Great Design-- Very sleek and touch wheel has still never been successfully copied (vertal ones are the only competition); and now the wheel clicks, taking away a lot of headaches from 3rd gen and very navigable in the menus. 
1	 dandy Design-- Very sleek and rival wheel has hush never been successfully copy (vertal ones are the only competition); and now the wheel tick, train away a lot of headaches from 3rd gen and very navigable in the carte. 
1	 enceinte Design-- Very sleek and spot wheel has ease never been successfully copied (vertal ace are the only rival); and now the roll snap, taking away a lot of headaches from 3rd gen and very navigable in the menus. 
1	I had a Sony ericsson T610 before this and the T610 is far inferior.
1	i had a Sony ericsson T610 before this and the T610 is ALIR inferior.
1	one had a Sony ericsson T610 before this and the T610 is ALIR inferior.
1	the design is sleek and the color screen has good resolution . 
1	the design is silklike and the emblazon screen has good resolution . 
1	the plan is sleek and the colorise screen has good resolution . 
1	Otherwise, I am extremely please with the Creative Zen Micro 5GB MP3 player.    
1	Otherwise, ace am extremely please with the Creative Elvis Micro 5GB MP3 player.    
1	Otherwise, iodin am extremely please with the Creative Zen Micro 5GB MP3 musician.    
1	the person on the other end of the call can hear you perfectly . 
1	the person on the other closing of the prognosticate can hear you perfectly . 
1	the person on the other oddment of the shout can hear you perfectly . 
0	Essentially, the CD included with the package is, for the most part, worthless.  
0	Essentially, the CD included with the parcel is, for the most part, unworthy.  
0	fundamentally, the CD included with the package is, for the most start, worthless.  
1	 This product is amazing !!!
1	 This product is awe-inspiring !!!
1	 This production is amazing !!!
0	. this camera keeps on autofocussing in auto mode with a buzzing sound which can 't be stopped . 
0	. this camera living on autofocussing in auto mode with a buzzing voice which can 't be contain . 
0	. this camera prevent on autofocussing in auto mode with a buzzing good which can 't be break . 
1	N6600 supports midi, wav, amr, mp3 etc.
1	N6600 supporting midi, wav, amr, mp3 etc.
1	N6600 sustain midi, wav, amr, mp3 etc.
0	 Mid-range is n't the best , but it 's certainly there and enough to satisfy anyone not looking to spend $ 300 + on computer speakers .
0	 Mid-range is n't the respectable , but it 's certainly there and enough to satisfy anyone not depend to drop $ ccc + on computer speakers .
0	 Mid-range is n't the topper , but it 's certainly there and enough to satisfy anyone not seem to drop $ 300 + on calculator speakers .
1	the photo quality is amazing and i know i 'm going to have fun with all the features . 
1	the photo quality is amaze and i jazz i 'm get to have fun with all the features . 
1	the photo quality is vex and i hump i 'm depart to have fun with all the features . 
1	- excellent sound quality 
1	- excellent sound calibre 
1	- excellent sound prime 
0	Sometimes the pictures are onthe dark side, but I'm able to fix that using the Photoshop 6.0 "adjust levels" function ... not sure how a person would do that without Photoshop, though.
0	Sometimes the figure are onthe moody position, but I'm able to ready that using the Photoshop six.0 "adjust levels" function ... not certain how a person would do that without Photoshop, though.
0	Sometimes the film are onthe colored side, but I'm able-bodied to muddle that expend the Photoshop 6.0 "adjust levels" purpose ... not sure how a person would do that without Photoshop, though.
1	This camera is bulletproof. 
1	This camera is unassailable. 
1	This camera is watertight. 
1	it 's a compact , attractive machine and was easy to set up . 
1	it 's a compact , attractive machine and was promiscuous to prepare up . 
1	it 's a heavyset , attractive machine and was easy to define up . 
1	it 's very solidly built , and has a nice dense feel to it . 
1	it 's very solidly build , and has a nice heavy feel to it . 
1	it 's very solidly built , and has a courteous thick feel to it . 
0	the nomad zen could use a little sturdier construction like the archos jukeboxes or some kind of shock resistant case . 
0	the nomad Elvis could use a petty sturdier building like the archos jukeboxes or some kind of shock resistant cause . 
0	the nomad Zen could use a short sturdier construction like the archos jukeboxes or some kind of outrage resistant suit . 
1	 I did have problem connecting my laptop to the internet but there customer service representative was very helpful and patient in walking me through all the steps .
1	 I did have problem link my laptop to the net but there customer service voice was very helpful and patient in walk-to me through all the footprint .
1	 i did have problem unite my laptop to the internet but there customer help representative was very helpful and patient in walk-to me through all the maltreat .
1	great phone , easy to use , excellent network , no regrets ! ! ! 
1	great phone , easy to function , excellent network , no regrets ! ! ! 
1	great telephone , easy to use , excellent network , no regrets ! ! ! 
1	 This is an excellent value .
1	 This is an excellent prize .
1	 This is an excellent valuate .
0	nothing but hassle with this company . 
0	nil but hassle with this company . 
0	nothing but tussle with this company . 
1	It's easy to use. Not too small, and not too big.
1	It's easy to habituate. Not too small, and not too crowing.
1	It's well-fixed to consumption. Not too small, and not too big.
1	1 month , no problems , great phone i 'm very pleased with my 6610 phone . 
1	1 month , no problems , expectant phone i 'm very please with my 6610 phone . 
1	I month , no problems , dandy phone i 'm very pleased with my 6610 phone . 
1	Personally, I am VERY pleased with the Diaper Champ.
1	Personally, I am very pleased with the Diaper Champ.
1	Personally, ane am VERY pleased with the Diaper Champ.
1	the manual mode is feature rich and i can 't wait to get the hang of it . 
1	the manual manner is feature rich and i can 't wait to dumbfound the knack of it . 
1	the manual mode is feature plenteous and i can 't wait to draw the bent of it . 
1	usb 2.0 transfer is insanely fast . 
1	usb 2.0 transfer is deucedly fast . 
1	usb 2.cipher transfer is insanely fast . 
1	But that is good for me because Symantec softwares are a bit hard to master for me who are not savvy on computers.
1	But that is beneficial for me because Symantec softwares are a number concentrated to victor for me who are not savvy on computers.
1	But that is salutary for me because Symantec softwares are a snatch hard to overlord for me who are not savvy on figurer.
1	I use the same store-brand tall kitchen trash bags I already use in the kitchen for it -- no special "diaper" trash bags necessary.
1	I exercise the same store-brand tall kitchen applesauce bags ane already use in the kitchen for it -- no special "diaper" trash purse necessary.
1	I use the same store-brand tall kitchen scrap dish ane already use in the kitchen for it -- no special "diaper" ice bags necessary.
0	The touch sreen navigation will take a little getting used to, but once you do, and while the Zen is still alive, it's a great alternative to the marching in lock step with the click wheel commies. 
0	The jot sreen navigation will direct a little develop utilise to, but once you do, and while the Zen is still alive, it's a expectant alternative to the butt in lock step with the click rack commies. 
0	The rival sreen navigation will contain a little grow apply to, but once you do, and while the Zen is quieten alive, it's a great alternate to the marching in lock step with the clack wheel commies. 
1	it has a handsfree loudspeaker, conference and transfer!
1	it has a handsfree loudspeaker, conference and carry-over!
1	it has a handsfree loudspeaker, conference and transportation!
1	 Vocals have greater clarity with the iHome as well .
1	 Vocals have capital clarity with the iHome as well .
1	 song have greater clarity with the iHome as well .
1	All the good reviews for the SD500 are true. 
1	All the adept reviews for the SD500 are true. 
1	All the expert reviews for the SD500 are true. 
0	I'm giving it 1 star because as compared to other Nokia phones , its a 1 , compared to other blunders by other companies (such a samsung and motorrola) it might be good .... but if you're getting a Nokia , don't get this one .
0	I'm devote it 1 superstar because as compared to other Nokia phones , its a I , compared to other sin by other party (such a samsung and motorrola) it might be full .... but if you're make a Nokia , don't vex this one .
0	I'm handsome it i adept because as compared to other Nokia phones , its a 1 , compared to other boo-boo by other companies (such a samsung and motorrola) it might be practiced .... but if you're capture a Nokia , don't draw this matchless .
1	 It is a wonderful little router .
1	 IT is a wonderful little router .
1	 It is a wonderful petty router .
1	Versatile and stylish.
1	Versatile and fashionable.
1	versatile and stylish.
0	Just don't get drawn into T-Mobile's catchy rebate.
0	Just don't get thread into T-Mobile's catchy rebate.
0	fair don't get drawn into T-Mobile's catchy rebate.
0	 I agree with the earlier reviewer who said that there is a very limited vertical viewing angle in order to get consistent contrast .
0	 I harmonise with the earlier reviewer who pronounce that there is a very limited vertical wake tilt in order to get consistent contrast .
0	 I jibe with the earlier commentator who said that there is a very limited erect viewing angle in order to become consistent contrast .
0	Buying software that can not be installed normally and being put into the position of having a non-working computer.
0	Buying software that can not be installed unremarkably and being place into the put of having a non-working computer.
0	purchasing software that can not be installed normally and being set into the lieu of having a non-working computer.
1	This is the best purchase I've made in a very long time.
1	This is the comfortably purchase I've reach in a very long time.
1	This is the skillful purchase I've made in a very farsighted time.
1	i have not had any distortion problems with this phone and am more pleased with this phone than any i 've used before . 
1	i have not had any aberration problems with this headphone and am more pleased with this headphone than any i 've expend before . 
1	i have not had any distortion problems with this earphone and am more delight with this telephone than any i 've victimised before . 
0	2 ) music organization is based on id3 ( by genre , artist , album , etc. ) and this can be a problem for older downloaded music files with missing or incorrect id3 information . 
0	2 ) music governance is base on id3 ( by genre , artist , album , etc. ) and this can be a problem for older downloaded music lodge with wanting or wrong id3 information . 
0	2 ) music system is found on id3 ( by genre , artist , album , etc. ) and this can be a trouble for older downloaded music files with wanting or faulty id3 information . 
1	Let the Champ win you over!
1	Let the Champ profits you over!
1	Let the champion win you over!
0	this has happened with several different dvd 's and occasionally if we keep trying something , it will work when it did not work one time before . 
0	this has happened with several different dvd 's and occasionally if we livelihood try something , it will go when it did not exercise i time before . 
0	this has materialise with several different dvd 's and occasionally if we sustenance hear something , it will mould when it did not bring one time before . 
0	I have noted that as you use the tool, sawdust builds in the channel and it requires attention.
0	I have famous that as you utilisation the dick, sawdust builds in the channel and it requires attention.
0	I have noted that as you expend the tool, sawdust bod in the impart and it requires attention.
1	Less than a cheap cordless drill or a laminate trimmer.
1	LE than a tawdry cordless drill or a laminate trimmer.
1	Less than a brassy cordless recitation or a laminate trimmer.
0	the eax sound enhancement feature did n't do enough for me and the custom eq was a limited 5 band eq . 
0	the eax heavy enhancement feature did n't do enough for me and the customs eq was a modified 5 stripe eq . 
0	the eax sound enhancement feature did n't do adequate for me and the tradition eq was a express 5 band equivalent . 
1	i was worried that 4 megapixel photos would download more slowly , but there 's no difference in working with the files . 
1	i was worried that quaternary megapixel exposure would download more slowly , but there 's no departure in sour with the files . 
1	i was worried that tetrad megapixel photos would download more tardily , but there 's no deviation in exercise with the files . 
1	to my ears , a 160 kbps wma file sounds just as good as the source cd , and the zen xtra sounds just as good as a portable cd player . 
1	to my capitulum , a 160 kbps wma file sounds just as good as the rootage cd , and the pane xtra voice just as honest as a portable cd player . 
1	to my ears , a 160 kbps wma file sounds just as skillful as the generator cd , and the zen xtra voice just as full as a portable Cd player . 
0	As a loyal customer of Norton/Symantec products, I purchased Internet Security 2004 as a software firewall and could not be any more dissatisfied with the product (and hence the one star rating).
0	AS a patriotic customer of Norton/Symantec merchandise, single purchased Internet Security 2004 as a software firewall and could not be any more dissatisfied with the product (and hence the one mavin stag).
0	arsenic a loyal customer of Norton/Symantec products, ace purchased Internet Security 2004 as a software firewall and could not be any more dissatisfy with the product (and hence the unmatchable prima evaluation).
1	nokia and t-mobile really teamed up well on this baby . 
1	nokia and t-mobile really teamed up considerably on this cocker . 
1	nokia and t-mobile really teamed up substantially on this cocker . 
1	the service from the supplier was exceptional . 
1	the help from the supplier was exceptional . 
1	the service from the supplier was olympian . 
1	 and the sound well there is no complaints about that .
1	 and the go advantageously there is no complaints about that .
1	 and the intelligent intimately there is no complaints about that .
0	we tried the " finding nemo " dvd and when we got to ~ chapter 28 , the frames started to freeze for no reason . 
0	we strain the " recover nemo " dvd and when we capture to ~ chapter 28 , the framing started to freeze for no reason . 
0	we tested the " finding nemo " dvd and when we stick to ~ chapter 28 , the chassis started to freeze for no understanding . 
0	the only things i have found that i havent liked is that the lcd is hard to read in daylight but everyone elses is too . 
0	the only things i have determine that i havent wish is that the lcd is gruelling to scan in daylight but everyone elevation is too . 
0	the only things i have found that i havent care is that the lcd is voiceless to record in day but everyone ALT is too . 
0	I have found too many bugs in Norton Internet Security Professional to recommend it to any one without extreme patience and experience.
0	1 have constitute too many bugs in Norton Internet surety Professional to recommend it to any unitary without extreme patience and experience.
0	I have found too many bugs in Norton Internet surety Professional to recommend it to any matchless without extremum patience and feel.
1	I purchased two of these beauties.
1	1 purchased two of these beauties.
1	ane purchased two of these beauties.
0	its far more difficult to select songs and has no easy to use on the fly playlist creation such as the new ipod not to mention it does n't sinc with contact lists , phone numbers , address books , ect. like the ipod ( which eliminated my need for any kind of palm device ) . 
0	its far more difficult to prime songs and has no well-fixed to apply on the fell playlist creation such as the raw ipod not to mention it does n't sinc with contact name , phone come , handle books , ect. like the ipod ( which eliminated my need for any variety of thenar device ) . 
0	its far more difficult to select songs and has no tardily to usage on the fell playlist Creation such as the new ipod not to name it does n't sinc with contact leaning , phone numbers , treat books , ECT. like the ipod ( which obviate my need for any kind of handle device ) . 
0	in fact , each of my creative mp3 players had software problem in the first place . 
0	in fact , each of my creative mp3 actor had software problem in the initiatory set . 
0	in fact , each of my creative mp3 player had software problem in the beginning berth . 
1	color screen is good . 
1	color screen is ripe . 
1	colorize screen is good . 
1	everything else about the camera is great . 
1	everything else about the camera is groovy . 
1	everything else about the camera is swell . 
0	Then, my ad/pop-up blocking was completely gone.
0	Then, my ad/pop-up blocking was completely expire.
0	Then, my ad/pop-up blocking was completely survive.
1	 Clear and crispy image .
1	 Clear and crispy fancy .
1	 Clear and crispy project .
0	unfortunately , the player would not read any of my region one dvds. even though they were not damaged in any way . 
0	unfortunately , the player would not learn any of my part peerless dvds. eventide though they were not damaged in any way . 
0	unluckily , the player would not study any of my region i videodisc. even though they were not damaged in any way . 
1	It will not replace your high-end 35mm SLR but it's a great toy to keep near you at all times for snapshots.
1	It will not replace your high-end 35mm SLR but it's a outstanding plaything to keep good you at all multiplication for snapshots.
1	It will not supercede your high-end 35mm SLR but it's a corking toy to observe near you at all clip for snapshots.
1	 Both the black and the white speakers are economically priced and worth it .
1	 Both the pitch-dark and the lily-white speakers are economically priced and worth it .
1	 Both the sinister and the flannel speakers are economically priced and worth it .
1	while , there are flaws with the machine , the xtra gets five stars because of its affordability . 
1	while , there are flaws with the auto , the xtra catch five champion because of its affordability . 
1	while , there are flaws with the machine , the xtra scram v adept because of its affordability . 
1	Also, the WMA compression format is superior to MP3, especially at lower bit rates, so I needed a player that could handle WMA and integrate well with my Windows XP computers.  
1	Also, the WMA compression format is ranking to MP3, specially at broken bit rank, so I involve a player that could handle WMA and integrate well with my Windows XP figurer.  
1	besides, the WMA compressing format is superior to MP3, especially at lower minute snitch, so I needed a player that could treat WMA and integrate advantageously with my Windows XP computers.  
1	It really is a great buy if you are lookin at having just one modem but many computers around the house. 
1	It genuinely is a peachy buy if you are lookin at having just i modem but many computers some the house. 
1	It really is a capital corrupt if you are lookin at having just unmatched modem but many computers around the sign. 
1	sunset feature takes incredible pics in the morning , and the evening ! 
1	sunset feature require incredible movie in the morning , and the evening ! 
1	sunset feature shoot incredible flick in the morning , and the evening ! 
1	I must have gotten a good one.
1	I must have gotten a good 1.
1	iodin must have gotten a good one.
0	as an engineer , i am embarrassed for the engineering profession when such crap is released for sale . 
0	as an engineer , i am embarrassed for the direct profession when such ca-ca is unblock for sale . 
0	as an organise , i am embarrassed for the organise profession when such dogshit is released for sale . 
1	the prints are beautiful ! 
1	the print are beautiful ! 
1	the publish are beautiful ! 
1	but this camera is great ! 
1	but this camera is corking ! 
1	but this camera is neat ! 
1	The manual modes give you a lot of control over exposure and white balance (but there is no manual focus or manual exposure).
1	The manual modes afford you a mountain of control over vulnerability and white counterpoise (but there is no manual focus or manual exposure).
1	The manual modes render you a lot of control over exposure and white-hot equilibrise (but there is no manual concentre or manual exposure).
1	i wo n't go into the details here , as the online sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) go into great depth in their reviews , but i am very pleased with the features , the speed , the picture quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the functional conveniences this camera offers . 
1	i wo n't belong into the details here , as the on-line sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) operate into smashing depth in their recap , but i am very pleased with the features , the hotfoot , the photograph quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the working conveniences this camera offer . 
1	i wo n't choke into the details here , as the online sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) plump into great depth in their recapitulation , but i am very pleased with the features , the hotfoot , the characterisation choice , the flexibility , the automation , and the operable amenities this camera volunteer . 
0	But now that she is eating solids the odor is escaping out and we are constantly using airfreshner.
0	But now that she is eating solids the odor is miss out and we are incessantly habituate airfreshner.
0	But now that she is eating solids the scent is escape out and we are constantly utilise airfreshner.
1	 This router works very well right out of the box .
1	 This router mould very well ripe out of the box .
1	 This router works very intimately decent out of the box .
1	this is a good deal for music and data storage . 
1	this is a ripe deal for euphony and data storage . 
1	this is a sound contend for music and data storage . 
1	the zen has minimal stoppage between tracks ; when listening to music that continues from one track to the next the gap is just a hesitation - a slightly audible click ; if i am not listening for the progress from one track to the next i do n't even notice the click . 
1	the Zen has minimal occlusion between lead ; when listen to music that continues from one cartroad to the next the breach is just a hesitation - a slightly audible click ; if i am not listening for the advance from one chase to the next i do n't even card the clink . 
1	the zen has minimal stay between cartroad ; when listening to music that continues from unity cross to the next the gap is just a hesitation - a slightly audible click ; if i am not heed for the procession from one path to the next i do n't level note the cluck . 
0	Verdict:  Had I not needed something with a tad bit more space, I consider this player fair game. 
0	Verdict:  Had I not want something with a tad chip more space, 1 consider this player fair game. 
0	Verdict:  ingest I not needed something with a tad bit more place, I see this player fair game. 
0	after scouring the various boards i find this is an arbitrary and pervasive problem.
0	after abrade the various boards i detect this is an arbitrary and pervasive problem.
0	after scouring the various gameboard i find this is an arbitrary and permeant problem.
1	The Zen offered a great alternative. 
1	The Zen offered a large alternative. 
1	The Zen propose a great alternative. 
1	Ive had this phone for a year now - and its the best phone I have owned.
1	Ive had this telephone for a year now - and its the scoop phone 1 have owned.
1	Ive had this telephone for a year now - and its the well phone I have own.
0	creative zen feedback suffers from construction quality , poor product support , difficulty of using the scroll wheel and reasonably consistent feedback about problems with the headphone jack . 
0	creative battery-acid feedback bear from construction select , poor product support , difficulty of using the curlicue wheel and reasonably uniform feedback about problems with the headphone jack . 
0	creative zen feedback digest from construction quality , poor product sustain , difficulty of utilize the scroll wheel and reasonably consistent feedback about trouble with the headphone diddley . 
1	 The sound that came from that cheap little record player sounded like Carnegie Hall .
1	 The sound that came from that cheap little show participant sounded like Carnegie Hall .
1	 The sound that came from that tawdry footling record player sounded like Carnegie Hall .
1	i like the speakphone function a lot . 
1	i like the speakphone function a allot . 
1	i like the speakphone go a lot . 
1	I really dislike holding a phone to my ear, and I've found the Freespeak to be very comfortable and easy to use with this phone.
1	I really dislike halt a phone to my ear, and I've feel the Freespeak to be very easy and easily to employ with this phone.
1	I really dislike maintain a headphone to my ear, and I've chance the Freespeak to be very comfortable and well-to-do to manipulation with this phone.
0	The collet for the 1/4 inch bits is a pain to get in and even harder to get out.
0	The collet for the 1/4 inch bits is a pain to aim in and flush arduous to find out.
0	The collet for the 1/4 inch bits is a pain to bring in and eve intemperately to cause out.
1	The Zen was an impressive purchase and I would highly recommend it to anyone using Napster.  
1	The acid was an impressive leverage and I would highly recommend it to anyone victimisation Napster.  
1	The dot was an telling purchase and 1 would highly recommend it to anyone using Napster.  
0	the other thing i do n't like about this 2600 is that it makes the color look over saturated . 
0	the other thing i do n't ilk about this 2600 is that it crap the colour look over saturated . 
0	the other thing i do n't like about this 2600 is that it seduce the semblance depend over saturated . 
1	Hate to wait between shots
1	Hate to look between shots
1	Hate to waitress between shots
1	Upon opening the box I was confronted with this small cute little MP3 player. 
1	Upon afford the boxful I was confronted with this small cute little MP3 player. 
1	Upon opening the box I was confronted with this small cute short MP3 histrion. 
1	transfering is easy , the software makes everythig pretty easy . 
1	transfering is easy , the software makes everythig moderately easy . 
1	transfering is well-to-do , the software makes everythig pretty easy . 
1	nokias have always had good sound quality and this is no exception . 
1	nokias have always had effective fathom quality and this is no exception . 
1	nokias have always had practiced reasoned quality and this is no exception . 
1	I bought this camera two days ago, and I'm very pleased to say that it has been worth the money. 
1	I corrupt this camera two years ago, and I'm very pleased to allege that it has been deserving the money. 
1	unity corrupt this camera 2 Day ago, and I'm very pleased to say that it has been worth the money. 
1	picture quality in outdoor settings is indistinguishable from 35mm . 
1	movie quality in outdoor settings is indistinguishable from 35mm . 
1	render quality in outdoor settings is indistinguishable from 35mm . 
0	 -LRB- yeah , like you 'll use a new , very expensive dsl modem as dumb bridge -RRB- I returned the Item and got a linksys dsl modem instead .
0	 -LRB- yeah , like you 'll practice a new , very expensive dsl modem as mute nosepiece -RRB- I reelect the Item and flummox a linksys dsl modem instead .
0	 -LRB- yeah , like you 'll purpose a newfangled , very expensive dsl modem as dense bridge -RRB- iodin repay the Item and got a linksys dsl modem instead .
1	 The set-up went fairly smooth with netgears online knowledge base .
1	 The set-up last fairly smooth with netgears online knowledge understructure .
1	 The set-up travel fairly smooth with netgears online knowledge bag .
0	The only problem is the size of the keys.
0	The only problem is the size of the distinguish.
0	The only problem is the size of the keystone.
1	lots of flaws , but exceptional sound quality , hd size , and price make it a good buy . 
1	pile of flaws , but exceptional sound quality , hd size , and price establish it a honest buy . 
1	scores of flaws , but exceptional sound quality , hd size , and price fix it a full buy . 
1	It definitely keeps the smell out.
1	It definitely keep the smell out.
1	It definitely keeps the scent out.
1	Give each friend a different ringtone.
1	leave each friend a different ringtone.
1	pay each friend a different ringtone.
1	To set up the xbox, wap, and ethernest bridge, with the encryption on was less then 30 mins. 
1	To Seth up the xbox, wap, and ethernest bridge, with the encryption on was less then xxx Fukien. 
1	To localize up the xbox, wap, and ethernest bridge, with the encryption on was less then thirty Min. 
0	both of the problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , while the counter on the player kept going . 
0	both of the problem DVD 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , while the counter on the thespian keep going . 
0	both of the problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , while the rejoinder on the participant kept extend . 
1	Awesome for the newbie, though I personally like to fasten every bolt myself.  
1	Awesome for the neophyte, though I personally like to fasten every dash myself.  
1	Awesome for the newbie, though I personally like to secure every stiffly myself.  
0	The only problem i have is with the handle you use to open the top compartment.
0	The only job i have is with the handle you use to unfold the acme compartment.
0	The only problem i have is with the handle you utilise to give the upside compartment.
1	 These were only my first week impressions but , until now , I strongly recommend this product and I 'm very satisfied with it .
1	 These were only my outset week impressions but , until now , I strongly recommend this merchandise and iodine 'm very slaked with it .
1	 These were only my outset week picture but , until now , I strongly commend this product and i 'm very satisfied with it .
1	 Item shipped out quickly , was in good condition , came with easy to use set-up disk ... we have n't had to 're - set ' the router at all so far since it 's delivery , so my wife is no longer giving me the business about losing her wireless internet connection on her laptop ... added security benefits , neighbors no longer hogging signal , well worth the purchase price !
1	 Item shipped out quickly , was in proficient discipline , hail with easy to manipulation set-up disk ... we have n't had to 're - located ' the router at all so far since it 's delivery , so my wife is no yearner give me the business about losing her wireless internet connective on her laptop ... supply security benefits , neighbors no longer hogging signaling , wellspring worth the buy price !
1	 item shipped out speedily , was in good circumstance , came with prosperous to use set-up disk ... we have n't had to 're - circle ' the router at all so far since it 's rescue , so my wife is no yearner generate me the concern about losing her wireless internet connection on her laptop ... lend security benefits , neighbors no retentive hogging signal , comfortably worth the purchase price !
0	Dont rely on T-Mobile rebates.
0	Dont rely on T-Mobile discount.
0	Dont swear on T-Mobile rebates.
0	the internet functions of the phone - wap and gprs - will only work through t-mobile 's services , because they have deleted the menu options that would enable you to configure the phone to be used on a different network . 
0	the internet operate of the phone - wap and gprs - will only ferment through t-mobile 's Service , because they have deleted the carte options that would enable you to configure the sound to be put-upon on a different meshwork . 
0	the net map of the phone - wap and gprs - will only function through t-mobile 's services , because they have deleted the carte choice that would enable you to configure the telephone to be put-upon on a different network . 
0	no way to contact their customer service . 
0	no manner to contact their customer service . 
0	no way to impinging their customer service . 
1	This phone is fantastic.
1	This phone is marvellous.
1	This phone is tremendous.
0	i purchased a jukebox , it got fried while being recharged , they asked for $ 20usd just to look at it and said that they would charge me for repaing the damned thing . 
0	i buy a jukebox , it beget electrocute while being recharged , they asked for $ 20usd just to depend at it and aver that they would institutionalize me for repaing the damned thing . 
0	i purchased a jukebox , it develop fry while being recharged , they take for $ 20usd just to look at it and say that they would rouse me for repaing the anathemize thing . 
1	i can 't write enough positive things about this great little camera ! 
1	i can 't write adequate positive things about this dandy little camera ! 
1	i can 't write enough positive things about this expectant minuscule camera ! 
1	the music plays awesome , never skips , even if u run for a bit , so you can listen to music without interruption . 
1	the music diddle awful , never skips , even if u persist for a bit , so you can listen to medicine without interruption . 
1	the music plays amazing , never skip , even if u course for a bit , so you can listen to music without disruption . 
1	Other than that, i think it is the best router for the money.
1	Other than that, i recall it is the practiced router for the money.
1	other than that, i think it is the easily router for the money.
1	 It has a USB port -- so you can plug in a USB-powered drive and have network-accessible storage .
1	 It has a USB embrasure -- so you can wad in a USB-powered get and have network-accessible storage .
1	 It has a USB larboard -- so you can jade in a USB-powered drive and have network-accessible repositing .
1	While the perfect ordor free diaper pail has yet to be invented, the Diaper Champ is a good as it gets.
1	piece the perfect ordor absolve diaper pail has yet to be invented, the Diaper Champ is a goodness as it pose.
1	while the perfect ordor free napkin pail has yet to be invented, the Diaper Champ is a honorable as it cause.
1	i must have differing preferences than others here , as i prefer the supplied earbuds to the sony 's that i thought sounded good on other players . 
1	i must have differ preferences than others here , as i prefer the supplied earbuds to the sony 's that i intend vocalize salutary on other musician . 
1	i must have differing preference than others here , as i prefer the render earbuds to the sony 's that i remember sounded ripe on other thespian . 
1	It's so cute...and behind the black panel it glows in a neon blue.   
1	It's so cute...and behind the black board it glows in a neon dreary.   
1	It's so cute...and fundament the black panel it glows in a neon gloomy.   
1	It's really well made and has survived sliding across floors and pavement without a scratch.
1	It's genuinely well name and has outlive sliding across floors and pavement without a scratch.
1	It's really good make and has survived sliding across floors and pavement without a dough.
1	Silver metal case -NOT PLASTIC.
1	Silver metal slip -NOT PLASTIC.
1	Silver metal subject -NOT PLASTIC.
0	1 ) player is not plug and play - need to install nomad explorer first and mediasource to transfer files and i had to be patient as i was used to winxp detecting the player and dragging and dropping the music files into it . 
0	1 ) musician is not chaw and gambling - need to install nomad explorer first and mediasource to transpose files and i had to be patient as i was utilize to winxp detecting the participant and dragging and miss the music lodge into it . 
0	i ) instrumentalist is not stopple and drama - need to establish nomad explorer first and mediasource to channel files and i had to be patient as i was used to winxp detecting the thespian and dragging and dismiss the music files into it . 
0	however , i do n't like to carry it on my belt because the clip is n't secure and the case can slip off . 
0	however , i do n't like to gestate it on my bang because the clip is n't secure and the subject can moorage off . 
0	however , i do n't like to persuade it on my belt because the magazine is n't unattackable and the case can slew off . 
0	 I spent 4 hours on that and I could n't connect to the internet .
0	 ace spent foursome hours on that and I could n't connect to the internet .
0	 iodin spent 4 hours on that and 1 could n't connect to the internet .
1	Apart from speed, the signal is consistent and works without interruptions, etc. 
1	Apart from speed, the signalise is consistent and form without interruptions, etc. 
1	apart from speed, the signal is consistent and work without interruptions, etc. 
0	In addition, I do not think the battery lasts much more than eight to ten hours, and it can take four hours for a full charge.
0	In addition, I do not suppose the battery lasts much more than VIII to ten hours, and it can necessitate quadruplet hours for a full complaint.
0	In addition, I do not think the battery finale much more than eight to ten-spot hours, and it can conduct four hours for a broad point.
0	Some adjustments in the settings could help make it better.
0	Some adjustments in the settings could help establish it comfortably.
0	Some adjustments in the settings could helper wee-wee it better.
0	If you've been listening to cd's in your car for awhile, dealing with the drop-off in sound quality may take some getting used to. 
0	If you've been hear to cd's in your car for awhile, dealing with the drop-off in audio quality may conduct some begin used to. 
0	If you've been listening to cd's in your car for awhile, cope with the drop-off in sound prize may contract some suffer used to. 
0	 Shareport is not compatible with Mac OS .
0	 Shareport is not compatible with Mac osmium .
0	 Shareport is not compatible with Mac oxygen .
1	Its just as fast as the included Creative software, but much less invasive, and overall better looking. 
1	Its just as debauched as the included Creative software, but much less invasive, and overall near sounding. 
1	Its just as libertine as the included Creative software, but much less invasive, and overall secure depend. 
1	It also works just fine for international calls.
1	It also act just fine for international calls.
1	It also function just fine for international calls.
0	 It has an equalizer, but the iRiver H10-20GB has a lot more presets than the iPod. 
0	 IT has an counterbalance, but the iRiver H10-20GB has a heap more presets than the iPod. 
0	 IT has an counterweight, but the iRiver H10-20GB has a flock more presets than the iPod. 
1	 Thuumbs up to ACER widescreen ULTRA Slim monitor .
1	 Thuumbs up to ACER widescreen ULTRA Slim Monitor .
1	 Thuumbs up to ACER widescreen ULTRA Slim reminder .
1	the canon computer software used to download , sort , upload and manage your digital pictures on the computer is very nice and very easy to use . 
1	the canon computer software utilise to download , separate , upload and manage your digital pictures on the reckoner is very nice and very slow to utilization . 
1	the canon computer software victimized to download , variety , upload and manage your digital video on the computer is very nice and very comfortable to enjoyment . 
0	My only complaint and the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is that the on-camera controls aren't as intuitive as they should be.
0	My only complaint and the rationality unity gave it 4 sensation instead of 5 is that the on-camera command aren't as visceral as they should be.
0	My only ill and the ground unity present it 4 stars instead of 5 is that the on-camera ascendency aren't as intuitive as they should be.
1	but at least youre starting with the most photorealistic images ive ever seen from a camera . 
1	but at least youre depart with the most photorealistic epitome ive ever meet from a camera . 
1	but at least youre pop with the most photorealistic paradigm ive ever date from a camera . 
1	and the slim form-factor together with the mirror-like front panel sure makes the player look cool and pricey ! 
1	and the slim form-factor together with the mirror-like front panel sure piss the player expect cool and pricy ! 
1	and the slim form-factor together with the mirror-like front panel sure take the player wait nerveless and pricey ! 
1	The good:  1) Large LCD screen, colorful display, good resolution.
1	The good:  1) turgid LCD screen, colorful display, beneficial resolution.
1	The salutary:  1) Large LCD screen, colorful display, skilful resolution.
0	Even after all the nightmare sound problems, I'd still half-way like this product if it kept it's promise; the ability to store 1500 songs. 
0	Even after all the nightmare phone problems, I'd motionless half-way corresponding this product if it kept it's prognosticate; the ability to store 1500 songs. 
0	regular after all the nightmare reasoned problems, I'd still half-way similar this product if it unbroken it's promise; the ability to store 1500 songs. 
0	The only downside I have found with this phone is that it is a bit slow to react, meaning when I push the contacts button, it takes a while to load, this is true for almost all the menus and programs on the phone.
0	The only downside I have found with this earphone is that it is a turn decelerate to respond, significance when I push the contacts button, it return a while to warhead, this is true for nearly all the menus and programs on the phone.
0	The only downside i have establish with this call is that it is a bit slowly to react, meaning when I push the touch button, it occupy a while to load, this is true for most all the menus and plan on the phone.
0	There is no FM tuner, while there is no FM tuner on the Creative Zen (on the micro version of the Zen there is a tuner), the iRiver H10-20GB, the Rio Karma, and the iAudio X5 have FM tuners. 
0	There is no FM radio, while there is no FM tuner on the Creative superman (on the micro reading of the dose there is a tuner), the iRiver H10-20GB, the Rio karma, and the iAudio X5 have Fm wireless. 
0	there is no FM tuner, while there is no FM radio on the originative Elvis (on the micro adaptation of the superman there is a tuner), the iRiver H10-20GB, the Rio Karma, and the iAudio X5 have FM radio. 
0	I have noticed an odor (one the I expected!) when unloading the Diaper Champ but at least you don't smell anything every time you use it.
0	I have comment an odor (ace the I ask!) when drop the Diaper Champ but at least you don't odor anything every time you use it.
0	iodine have mark an odor (one the 1 expected!) when drop the Diaper Champ but at least you don't smell anything every time you habit it.
1	Installation was as near automatic as can be. 
1	Installation was as nearly automatic as can be. 
1	Installation was as virtually automatic as can be. 
1	it's fast, feels great in your hand and looks great too. 
1	it's fast, feels bully in your hand and flavour great too. 
1	it's loyal, feels great in your hand and looks keen too. 
1	i have had no problem what-so-ever with this product . 
1	i have had no problem what-so-ever with this intersection . 
1	i have had no problem what-so-ever with this production . 
1	the apex 2600 has been a steady performer for me . 
1	the acme 2600 has been a sweetie performer for me . 
1	the vertex 2600 has been a sweetheart performer for me . 
1	Even with the waterproof housing it is small.
1	Even with the waterproof housing it is diminished.
1	Even with the waterproof housing it is pocket-size.
1	this camera is perfect for an enthusiastic amateur photographer . 
1	this camera is perfect for an enthusiastic unskilled photographer . 
1	this camera is unadulterated for an enthusiastic amateur photographer . 
1	 However , when I plugged it into my Mac Mini , the screen looked wonderful .
1	 However , when I blocked it into my Mac Mini , the screen seem wonderful .
1	 nonetheless , when I plugged it into my Mac Mini , the screen depend wonderful .
1	and for those that are intrested the recharger works anywhere in the world ( and is quite small ). 
1	and for those that are intrested the recharger function anywhere in the macrocosm ( and is rather small ). 
1	and for those that are intrested the recharger mould anywhere in the macrocosm ( and is quite minor ). 
1	Download it fast to your computer
1	Download it degraded to your computer
1	Download it flying to your computer
1	this phone is highly recommended otherwise . 
1	this earpiece is highly recommended otherwise . 
1	this telephone is highly recommended otherwise . 
1	 It 's just such a nice , light-weight , non-intrusive device which you can take anywhere .
1	 It 's just such a Nice , light-weight , non-intrusive device which you can convey anywhere .
1	 It 's just such a nice , light-weight , non-intrusive gimmick which you can lease anywhere .
1	The Zen Micro is smaller than it looks in pictures, and feels very solid. 
1	The Zen Micro is small-scale than it looks in ikon, and feels very solid. 
1	The pane Micro is smaller than it looks in film, and feels very solid. 
1	 This is a great portable speaker system , but wanted to let people know that if your ipod is in an iSkin case you can not dock the ipod without first removing the skin .
1	 This is a capital portable speaker system , but require to let multitude know that if your ipod is in an iSkin event you can not dock the ipod without showtime removing the struggle .
1	 This is a swell portable speaker system , but wanted to lease people recognize that if your iPod is in an iSkin case you can not dock the ipod without outset removing the bark .
0	It locked during install and I had to reformat the drive and start from scratch (GRRRRRR!)
0	It locked during establish and I had to reformat the push and start from clams (GRRRRRR!)
0	It mesh during install and I had to reformat the crusade and depart from scratch (GRRRRRR!)
1	another benefit of this phone is that it is truly an international phone ; the 6610 is sold in almost everywhere in the world . 
1	another benefit of this earphone is that it is unfeignedly an international phone ; the 6610 is sold in virtually everywhere in the populace . 
1	another benefit of this phone is that it is really an international ring ; the 6610 is sold in near everywhere in the creation . 
1	 This is a very nice monitor , matte black and built-in speakers .
1	 This is a very gracious monitor , matte pitch-black and built-in speakers .
1	 This is a very skillful monitor , matte black and built-in talker .
1	The controls and the menus are clearly displayed and easily fathomed  
1	The hold and the menus are clearly exhibit and easily fathomed  
1	The moderate and the menus are clearly displayed and well fathomed  
1	the optical zoom is awesome , and the viewfinder reflects the settings of the zoom . 
1	the ocular zoom is awesome , and the viewfinder reflects the mount of the zoom . 
1	the optical zoom is awesome , and the viewfinder ponder the setting of the zoom . 
1	Very good balance in the hands and lighter than most 3 1/4 hp models.
1	Very good balance in the hands and clear than most 3 1/four hp model.
1	Very soundly balance in the hands and igniter than most 3 1/quaternity hp models.
0	Why would anyone buy this when you can get a 20GB iPod that will hold 4 times the number of songs (and even MORE if AAC encoding is used) for the same price???  
0	Why would anyone buy this when you can commence a 20GB iPod that will detention 4 time the turn of birdsong (and even MORE if AAC encoding is ill-used) for the same price???  
0	Why would anyone corrupt this when you can get a 20GB iPod that will concord foursome times the total of songs (and eventide more if AAC encoding is used) for the same price???  
1	The Hitachi M12V is a dream to work with, smooth starts, adjustable speeds, micro-adjustable depth, and plenty of power to spare.
1	The Hitachi M12V is a aspiration to study with, smooth start, adjustable speeds, micro-adjustable depth, and wad of power to spare.
1	The Hitachi M12V is a dream to make with, smooth commence, adjustable hurry, micro-adjustable depth, and enough of power to spare.
0	it played only one out of three dvd 's without problems , the other two being afflicted by a number of glitches . 
0	it encounter only one out of trinity dvd 's without problem , the other two being afflicted by a routine of glitches . 
0	it playact only unrivalled out of threesome DVD 's without problems , the other two being afflicted by a number of glitches . 
0	but I had to give you four because the service for my brand-new iPod was terribly slow.
0	but I had to impart you quaternary because the service for my brand-new iPod was terribly easy.
0	but I had to open you IV because the service for my brand-new iPod was terribly dull.
0	The LCD screen is too small since there are so many cameras that have larger ones.
0	The LCD cover is too pocket-size since there are so many cameras that have large ones.
0	The LCD covert is too lowly since there are so many cameras that have large ones.
1	it plays everything , even vcd 's . 
1	it bet everything , even vcd 's . 
1	it fun everything , even vcd 's . 
0	I left the camera in my car in Maine (not a very hot place) and the LCD screen cracked !
0	I left-hand the camera in my car in Maine (not a very hot seat) and the LCD screen bonkers !
0	unity left the camera in my car in Maine (not a very red-hot spot) and the LCD screen cracked !
0	i read in consumer reports that apex is a reliable brand , but with my experience and reading the other reviews , i think i will be doing a little more homework before considering another apex product . 
0	i learn in consumer reports that apex is a reliable brand , but with my live and show the other revaluation , i recall i will be doing a little more homework before deal another peak product . 
0	i study in consumer account that apex is a reliable brand , but with my get and recitation the other review , i guess i will be doing a little more homework before study another apex product . 
0	They really are awfully small.
0	They really are awfully belittled.
0	They truly are awfully small.
0	feedback on creative 's product support is universally poor ; this is not limited to the zen , it applies to all the company 's products . 
0	feedback on creative 's merchandise confirm is universally poor ; this is not define to the zen , it enforce to all the company 's products . 
0	feedback on creative 's product reinforcement is universally poor ; this is not specify to the dot , it applies to all the party 's products . 
1	I do give create to Creative for their attractive design.    
1	I do grant create to Creative for their attractive blueprint.    
1	I do throw create to Creative for their attractive pattern.    
1	anyway , this player is a great deal and i really love it . 
1	anyway , this player is a great sight and i actually love it . 
1	anyway , this player is a peachy care and i really love it . 
1	DEPENDABILITY: I've seen no glitches.
1	DEPENDABILITY: I've seen no bug.
1	DEPENDABILITY: I've visualise no glitches.
1	I just got an older 866 Mhz system with 512 PC 133 RAM and it also runs fine on that.
1	I just incur an older 866 megahertz system with 512 PC 133 force and it also unravel fine on that.
1	I just let an old 866 Mhz system with 512 PC 133 RAM and it also consort alright on that.
1	1. It uses regular garbage bags instead of brand refills.
1	1. It purpose regular garbage bags instead of stigma refills.
1	1. It uses regular scraps purse instead of brand refills.
1	By the way, I use the Norton 2003 Corporate at work with absolutely no trouble.
1	By the room, i use the Norton 2003 Corporate at exploit with absolutely no trouble.
1	By the style, ace use the Norton 2003 Corporate at go with absolutely no trouble.
1	 I didnt want one in which I would have to put in batteries myself -LRB- that is a pain -RRB- I did alot of research and read a bunch of reviews and im glad I purchased these speakers .
1	 I didnt deprivation ace in which I would have to put in batteries myself -LRB- that is a pain -RRB- i did alot of research and read a cluster of reviews and im gladiolus i buy these speakers .
1	 i didnt want ane in which I would have to assign in batteries myself -LRB- that is a pain -RRB- 1 did alot of research and read a crowd of brushup and im glad unity purchased these speakers .
0	I give it 4-stars only because the installation process - or rather problems that may surface during the installation process - can be frustrating to the average computer user.
0	I feed it 4-stars only because the initiation process - or rather problems that may surface during the installation treat - can be dun to the modal computer user.
0	ace devote it 4-stars only because the installation sue - or rather problems that may surface during the installation process - can be bilk to the mediocre computer user.
0	very bad quality . 
0	very bad calibre . 
0	very bad choice . 
1	This makes for a great phone.
1	This makes for a capital phone.
1	This piddle for a great phone.
1	 Tiny .
1	 bantam .
1	 diminutive .
0	neither message was answered ( they ask for 24 hours before replying - i 've been waiting 27 days . ) 
0	neither message was answered ( they ask for 24 hour before respond - i 've been waiting 27 daylight . ) 
0	neither message was serve ( they ask for 24 hours before respond - i 've been waiting 27 daytime . ) 
1	the phone also sports an image gallery ( with option camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock with snooze , fm radio ( way cool , even if it is just through an ear-peice ) , games , java applications and gprs high-speed internet connection . 
1	the earpiece also mutation an range gallery ( with choice camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock with snooze , FM radio ( way cool , regular if it is just through an ear-peice ) , games , java applications and gprs high-speed internet link . 
1	the phone besides summercater an envision gallery ( with option camera affixation ) , a calendar / organizer , appal clock with nap , fm radio ( way cool , even if it is just through an ear-peice ) , biz , java applications and gprs high-speed internet connection . 
1	I love this pail!
1	I lovemaking this pail!
1	one love this pail!
1	Its ability to record radio is useful as well, but would have been moreso if it could be preset.  
1	Its ability to disk radio is utilitarian as good, but would have been moreso if it could be preset.  
1	Its power to commemorate radiocommunication is useful as well, but would have been moreso if it could be preset.  
1	 You can fill a small room with sound pretty good , but do n't think it rivals a home theater system .
1	 You can fill a small-scale room with sound pretty good , but do n't think it rival a place theater scheme .
1	 You can replete a small room with intelligent pretty effective , but do n't think it rivals a home theater arrangement .
0	 They caused the problem , ie wrong product in the box , the service tech failed to believe what the software said was wrong .
0	 They have the problem , ie wrong product in the box , the service tech failed to conceive what the software aforementioned was wrongfulness .
0	 They make the job , ie wrong product in the box , the service tech failed to conceive what the software said was ill-timed .
1	 We like Acer products and this one does n't disappoint .
1	 We same Acer products and this single does n't disappoint .
1	 We similar Acer products and this ane does n't disappoint .
1	I received this little jewel as a gift and I can honestly say Iabsolutely love it.
1	I obtain this footling jewel as a gift and I can honestly pronounce Iabsolutely love it.
1	I received this piddling jewel as a gift and I can aboveboard enounce Iabsolutely love it.
1	It has raised the bar owing to number of features it offers and the absolute ease of use delight.
1	It has grow the bar owing to number of features it offers and the absolute relaxation of manipulation delight.
1	It has raised the bar owing to number of features it whirl and the absolute relieve of exercise delight.
0	 The problem with this box is that it reboots several times an hour , if not more frequently .
0	 The problem with this box is that it reboot several times an minute , if not more often .
0	 The problem with this boxwood is that it boot various times an hour , if not more frequently .
1	- very long-lasting battery life 
1	- very long-lasting battery lifespan 
1	- very long-lasting battery living 
1	the auto-focus performs well , but i love having the 12 optional scene modes - they are dummy-proof , and correspond to many situations in which i would actually seek to use the camera . 
1	the auto-focus do swell , but i enjoy having the 12 optional shot modality - they are dummy-proof , and correspond to many situations in which i would actually seek to role the camera . 
1	the auto-focus performs advantageously , but i dear having the 12 optional picture modes - they are dummy-proof , and check to many situations in which i would really seek to utilize the camera . 
1	the display is awesome , you can see everything you want and read it clearly 
1	the display is awesome , you can construe everything you want and learn it clearly 
1	the display is awesome , you can determine everything you want and show it clearly 
0	1 ) a spare battery would have been great . 
0	1 ) a spare battery would have been groovy . 
0	1 ) a unornamented battery would have been great . 
1	I love the touchpade controls. 
1	I beloved the touchpade controls. 
1	I love the touchpade command. 
1	What makes it so great is the versatility and the number of features it has.
1	What ca-ca it so great is the versatility and the enumerate of characteristic it has.
1	What prepare it so keen is the versatility and the number of characteristic it has.
0	When taking pictures of people, however, it shows EVERY flaw in the subject's skin.
0	When deal ikon of people, however, it shows EVERY flaw in the subject's skin.
0	When taking pictures of people, however, it show EVERY flaw in the subject's shin.
1	i liked this one enough to buy another . 
1	i care this one enough to buy another . 
1	i liked this one enough to corrupt another . 
1	 With the smooth knob I find it hard to judge if I am actually gripping it and turning it by feel alone .
1	 With the smooth knob I bump it voiceless to judge if I am actually gripping it and sprain it by spirit alone .
1	 With the smooth node I find it hard to judge if unity am actually gripping it and twist it by feel solitary .
1	I use the scented bags and even if I don't no smell!
1	I use the scented bags and yet if ane don't no smell!
1	ace use the scented dish and even if I don't no smell!
1	Could be better to be a perfect camera (and some competitors do some of this better): purple fringing, details in high-light area, noise over ISO100, red-eyes, (few)processing artefacts, (few)loss of some details especially of the hairs of peoples in low light, automatic autofocus, whizing while video-playback, better video comression (smaler viedo-files), more manual controls, longer lasting battery, indicator for battery, better protection of the LCD, less weight. 
1	Could be better to be a perfect camera (and some competitors do some of this dear): majestic fringing, particular in high-light area, noise over ISO100, red-eyes, (few)processing artefacts, (few)loss of some item especially of the hair of people in modest short, automatic autofocus, purr while video-playback, estimable video comression (smaler viedo-files), more manual ascendance, yearner permanent battery, indicator for battery, better protection of the LCD, less weight. 
1	Could be bettor to be a perfect camera (and some competitors do some of this amend): purplish fringing, details in high-light orbit, dissonance over ISO100, red-eyes, (few)processing artefacts, (few)loss of some detail especially of the hairs of peoples in modest unaccented, automatic autofocus, whiz while video-playback, sound video comression (smaler viedo-files), more manual see, longer permanent battery, indicator for battery, practiced protection of the LCD, less weight. 
1	you can take pictures seconds after you turn the camera on...literally! 
1	you can deal pictures seconds after you tour the camera on...literally! 
1	you can guide pictures seconds after you act the camera on...literally! 
0	-User's guide doesn't cover a lot of important info that is covered on their website. 
0	-User's guide doesn't overlay a lot of authoritative info that is insure on their website. 
0	-User's maneuver doesn't underwrite a caboodle of important info that is covered on their website. 
1	it is just a tad small to hold to your ear with your shoulder , but that is solved with the very comfortable handsfree ear-piece which is included . 
1	it is just a tad low to obligate to your spike with your shoulder , but that is lick with the very well-situated handsfree ear-piece which is included . 
1	it is just a tad lowly to agree to your spike with your shoulder , but that is solve with the very well-off handsfree ear-piece which is included . 
1	Transferring music is a breeze. I don't subscribe to music services, but as mentioned on other reviews, Micro allows you to subscribe to services OTHER than iTunes. 
1	Transferring music is a breeze. iodin don't sign to medicine services, but as name on other inspection, Micro allows you to subscribe to services OTHER than iTunes. 
1	channelize medicine is a snap. I don't subscribe to music services, but as mentioned on other followup, Micro provide you to subscribe to services OTHER than iTunes. 
1	i chose this one because from what i read , it was the best deal for the money . 
1	i prefer this i because from what i read , it was the best slew for the money . 
1	i select this one because from what i learn , it was the best mint for the money . 
0	apex does n't answer the phone . 
0	apex does n't do the phone . 
0	apex does n't suffice the phone . 
0	The auto-focus on the camera seems to have trouble focusing on the subject.
0	The auto-focus on the camera seems to have bother focusing on the capable.
0	The auto-focus on the camera seems to have fuss focalization on the subject.
1	It is amazingly small, it's hard to believe all that has been packed into this camera.
1	It is amazingly little, it's hard to trust all that has been take into this camera.
1	It is amazingly small, it's firmly to think all that has been carry into this camera.
1	 Battery last longer too .
1	 Battery finale longer too .
1	 Battery last yearner too .
1	2 ) storage capacity 
1	2 ) storage content 
1	two ) storage capacity 
0	player has a problem with dual-layer dvd 's such as alias season 1 and season 2 . 
0	musician has a problem with dual-layer videodisk 's such as alias season i and season 2 . 
0	player has a problem with dual-layer dvd 's such as alias temper one and season II . 
1	Record memos using the built in microphone.  
1	Record memos expend the built in microphone.  
1	Record memos using the construct in microphone.  
0	i 've attempted to connect this unit to several different tvs , using a multitude of connection methods , and i still can 't get a video signal from the machine . 
0	i 've try to connect this unit to several different TV , utilise a multitude of connection methods , and i nonetheless can 't incur a video signal from the machine . 
0	i 've try to connect this unit to several different telecasting , using a masses of connectedness methods , and i still can 't capture a video signal from the machine . 
1	Sure, it slows it down a little, but that's expected.
1	certainly, it slows it down a little, but that's await.
1	indisputable, it slows it down a little, but that's require.
0	 FEATURES: Really, there aren't any features, unless you call the games a feature. 
0	 FEATURES: Really, there aren't any characteristic, unless you call the biz a feature. 
0	 FEATURES: very, there aren't any features, unless you call the gage a feature. 
0	p.s the remote control does seem to get confused at times and doesnt respond but it may be just operator error ? 
0	p.s the remote moderate does seem to bewilder disjointed at clip and doesnt respond but it may be just operator error ? 
0	p.s the remote see does seem to mother mixed-up at time and doesnt respond but it may be just operator error ? 
1	i bought the player this week and i like it by far . 
1	i bought the histrion this week and i ilk it by far . 
1	i purchase the thespian this week and i like it by far . 
0	Another thing I don't like is that some of the features take 1-2 seconds to load up. 
0	Another thing 1 don't like is that some of the features learn 1-2 moment to load up. 
0	Another thing one don't like is that some of the features fill 1-2 seconds to lading up. 
0	i 'm convinced by my own experience and that of many other people who have posted here who have had the same experience that the product is defectively designed , and will not hold up to normal use . 
0	i 'm convinced by my own experience and that of many other masses who have stake here who have had the same know that the product is defectively project , and will not appreciation up to formula consumption . 
0	i 'm convinced by my own see and that of many other people who have send here who have had the same live that the intersection is defectively contrive , and will not obligate up to normal utilise . 
1	I've had a lot of cameras, but this one is ACTUALLY being used, and not stored in a desk: it's allways in my shist pocket.
1	I've had a flock of camera, but this peerless is ACTUALLY being secondhand, and not stored in a desk: it's allways in my shist pouch.
1	I've had a portion of cameras, but this peerless is ACTUALLY being apply, and not store in a desk: it's allways in my shist bag.
0	The controls are hard to manipulate, especially in the dark. 
0	The controller are surd to manipulate, especially in the dark. 
0	The ensure are hard to manipulate, especially in the iniquity. 
1	Its stable, so a curious toddler can't easily tip it over.
1	Its stable, so a curious tot can't easily tippytoe it over.
1	Its stable, so a rummy toddler can't easily bung it over.
1	 The display is large enough , and the text rendering is sharp enough , that you 'll forget entirely about workspace issues .
1	 The display is expectant enough , and the text translate is abrupt enough , that you 'll forget entirely about workspace result .
1	 The display is large enough , and the text try is piercing plenty , that you 'll forget entirely about workspace issuance .
1	It is far better than just a trash can or the Diaper Genie and it's fairly inexpensive as baby products go!
1	It is FAR better than just a junk can or the Diaper Genie and it's evenhandedly inexpensive as baby products survive!
1	It is far better than just a trash can or the nappy Genie and it's jolly inexpensive as infant products depart!
1	 I would strongly recommend this product !
1	 I would powerfully recommend this product !
1	 iodine would strongly recommend this product !
1	the headphone earbuds are average , so just use your regular pair instead . 
1	the headphone earbuds are average , so just habituate your even pair instead . 
1	the headphone earbuds are average , so just utilise your regular brace instead . 
1	the compact digital camera is especially useful if you have little children around and you can always take the camera with you and take many pictures of them . 
1	the compact digital camera is especially useful if you have little nipper around and you can perpetually takings the camera with you and charter many characterisation of them . 
1	the thick digital camera is especially useful if you have little tike around and you can always select the camera with you and pack many characterization of them . 
1	 - Tuner quality is good .
1	 - Tuner quality is soundly .
1	 - Tuner timbre is good .
0	first , the cons ... a tad bulky ... not the most asthetic looking player ... and does n't support a folder stucture . 
0	first , the hornswoggle ... a tad bulky ... not the most asthetic looking actor ... and does n't stomach a folder stucture . 
0	get-go , the inmate ... a tad bulky ... not the most asthetic sounding player ... and does n't support a folder stucture . 
0	in that model the hard drive just died one morning before my class . 
0	in that model the hard drive just pall one morning before my grade . 
0	in that model the heavily drive just exit one morning before my class . 
1	 Very good value for the money .
1	 Very honorable value for the money .
1	 Very unspoiled value for the money .
0	I did it and it was worse the second time around...unbelievable.
0	I did it and it was tough the second metre around...unbelievable.
0	I did it and it was worse the indorsement time around...unlikely.
1	  20 GB OR 40 GB?  The pros of the 40 GB: Comes with a "dock station" and double storage space (10,000 songs).
1	  20 GB OR 40 GB?  The pros of the 40 GB: come with a "bobtail station" and image storage space (10,000 call).
1	  20 GB OR 40 gilbert?  The pros of the 40 GB: semen with a "dock station" and double storage space (x,000 birdcall).
0	battery life is about 1/4 of that advertised , no operators manual available for any of the nomad zen players ( on or off-line ) , occasional software lockups , replacement battery is expensive 
0	battery life is about 1/quartet of that push , no operators manual available for any of the nomad battery-acid musician ( on or off-line ) , occasional software locking , successor battery is expensive 
0	battery living is about single/4 of that promote , no operators manual available for any of the nomad battery-acid instrumentalist ( on or off-line ) , occasional software lockups , replenishment battery is expensive 
0	It's important that people know the following:  First, the interface is slow.
0	It's important that masses know the following:  inaugural, the interface is slow.
0	It's important that people recognise the following:  outset, the interface is slow.
0	Personally, I may never buy Symantect products again.
0	Personally, I may ne'er buy Symantect products again.
0	Personally, I may never corrupt Symantect products again.
1	We just recently had to buy another roll of bags. SO $6.00 for a year of bags- can't beat that!!
1	We just recently had to bargain another undulate of udder. SO $6.00 for a year of bags- can't gravel that!!
1	We just recently had to corrupt another ramble of bags. SO $vi.00 for a year of bags- can't pulsation that!!
1	even with these shortcomings , i still think it is the best digital camera available under $ 1200 . 
1	even with these shortcomings , i allay recall it is the upright digital camera available under $ 1200 . 
1	even with these shortcomings , i tranquillise guess it is the unspoiled digital camera available under $ 1200 . 
1	THIS PRODUCT IS A LIFESAVER!!
1	THIS PRODUCT IS A lifeguard!!
1	THIS PRODUCT live A LIFESAVER!!
1	 The sound is clear and clean but if your not on top of it you ca n't hear a thing .
1	 The sound is unmortgaged and fairly but if your not on peak of it you Ca n't hear a thing .
1	 The well-grounded is realise and strip but if your not on summit of it you ca n't hear a thing .
1	one other plus is that napster now supports this device via their software . 
1	peerless other plus is that napster now endure this device via their software . 
1	unmatched other plus is that napster now patronise this device via their software . 
1	This is a really great buy, for yourself or as a shower gift.
1	This is a really great bribe, for yourself or as a shower endow.
1	This is a really smashing buy, for yourself or as a shower indue.
1	The bags attach inside the Champ easily and all one has to do is cram the diaper down and flip the handle.
1	The bags confiscate inside the Champ easily and all unmatchable has to do is cram the diaper down and somersaulting the manage.
1	The pocket attach inside the champ easily and all one has to do is cram the diaper down and sky the plow.
0	i 've had this player for several months and it reads most discs , but it would not recognize several discs that were clean and read on other players ( from friends season 2 ) . 
0	i 've had this histrion for various months and it record most discs , but it would not agnise several discs that were clean and show on other players ( from booster season 2 ) . 
0	i 've had this participant for several months and it say most discs , but it would not realize several discs that were houseclean and understand on other instrumentalist ( from friends season 2 ) . 
1	i bought mine in december of 2003 , and have had no real problems with it . 
1	i purchase mine in december of 2003 , and have had no genuine problem with it . 
1	i purchase mine in december of 2003 , and have had no genuine trouble with it . 
1	it 's very sleek looking with a very good front panel button layout , and it has a great feature set . 
1	it 's very sleek bet with a very secure look panel button layout , and it has a dandy feature set . 
1	it 's very sleek looking with a very honorable battlefront gore button layout , and it has a great feature countersink . 
0	after using it for just a month , i could not play any dvd . 
0	after victimization it for just a month , i could not gaming any dvd . 
0	after victimization it for just a month , i could not turn any dvd . 
1	because it can help a so-so photographer take spectacular photos ! 
1	because it can helper a so-so photographer require spectacular photos ! 
1	because it can serve a so-so photographer occupy spectacular photos ! 
1	White earbuds ( i replaced those with some shure headphones, big difference), a case, a stand, a clip (which doesn't really work), and a nice little zen micro bag. 
1	Caucasian earbuds ( i replaced those with some shure headphones, big remainder), a case, a support, a clip (which doesn't really sour), and a nice niggling zen micro bag. 
1	White earbuds ( i supplant those with some shure headphones, big difference), a instance, a stand, a lop (which doesn't really knead), and a nice little acid micro bag. 
0	 This router gets 1 star from me due to it 's disconnect issue .
0	 This router fix 1 maven from me due to it 's disconnect issue .
0	 This router gets one asterisk from me due to it 's disconnect issue .
0	 Technical support rude and unhelpful .
0	 Technical backup rude and unhelpful .
0	 Technical reenforcement rude and unhelpful .
1	 In addition the price point is spectacular .
1	 In addition the price taper is spectacular .
1	 In plus the price point is spectacular .
1	I like to take pictures when I Go out at night and perhaps some people would complain that noise levels are high at higher iso's but I don't really care that much, i think it gives the pictures a certain real-life quality. 
1	I alike to contain visualise when I Go out at night and perhaps some people would complain that noise storey are high at higher iso's but I don't very tutelage that often, i think it gives the see a certain real-life quality. 
1	I like to ingest fancy when I XTC out at night and perhaps some people would kvetch that noise levels are luxuriously at gamey iso's but I don't really precaution that much, i think it collapse the pictures a certain real-life quality. 
1	While I am not happy that a solid state device died after such a short period of time, my quick review of this product space did not yield any other brands that seem much better than Linksys.  
1	While one am not happy that a solid submit twist died after such a short period of time, my quick reappraisal of this intersection space did not proceeds any other brands that seem much beneficial than Linksys.  
1	patch I am not well-chosen that a solid state device died after such a short catamenia of time, my agile reappraisal of this product space did not fruit any other brands that seem much effective than Linksys.  
1	It is no more heavy than any other powerful router and not as bad as some Porter Cable models I tried.
1	It is no more heavy than any other right router and not as forged as some Porter Cable pose unity tried.
1	It is no more labored than any other powerful router and not as bad as some doorkeeper Cable mannikin I sample.
0	The "movies" last about 5 seconds.
0	The "movies" finis about 5 seconds.
0	The "movies" last about quintuplet seconds.
0	I tried to call Norton, and the only numbers they list on their sites are either for Non-tech Customer Service (tried this one and hung up after 75 minute of MUZAC) or they have a $30 tech-support number.
0	1 attempt to outcry Norton, and the only numbers they name on their sites are either for Non-tech Customer help (tried this i and hung up after 75 minute of MUZAC) or they have a $30 tech-support numeral.
0	I tried to song Norton, and the only act they list on their posture are either for Non-tech Customer Service (seek this peerless and hung up after 75 minute of MUZAC) or they have a $XXX tech-support count.
0	this dvd play is basicly junk . 
0	this dvd trifle is basicly junk . 
0	this dvd wager is basicly junk . 
0	Then it started to smell whether there were diapers in it or not.
0	Then it startle to scent whether there were diapers in it or not.
0	then it startle to smell whether there were diapers in it or not.
1	the color screen makes this free-after-rebates phone shine bright , and commands are very responsive . 
1	the color screen attain this free-after-rebates phone reflect bright , and commands are very responsive . 
1	the color screen get this free-after-rebates phone effulgence bright , and commands are very responsive . 
0	Also, diapers tend to stay in the middle, causing the pail to get backed up.
0	Also, diapers tend to hitch in the middle, induce the pail to have backed up.
0	Also, diapers tend to quell in the middle, get the pail to gravel backed up.
0	 I usually avoid horns but I do n't hear anything overly extreme .
0	 I usually avoid hooter but ane do n't hear anything overly extreme .
0	 single usually avoid horns but i do n't hear anything overly extreme .
1	just point and shoot and the photos were great . 
1	just manoeuver and shoot and the photos were great . 
1	just taper and shoot and the photos were great . 
1	This is the fourth version of SystemWorks and the second version of Internet Security that I have used and it has always been a favorite.
1	This is the 4th version of SystemWorks and the sec version of Internet Security that one have used and it has e'er been a dearie.
1	This is the fourth version of SystemWorks and the bit translation of internet Security that I have habituate and it has always been a favourite.
1	Norton's memory usage on systems with 512 MB is very low.
1	Norton's memory usage on organisation with 512 MB is very low-pitched.
1	Norton's memory usage on systems with 512 Mb is very miserable.
1	it plays basically every media i 've tested so far , even an old vcd that i ripped years ago and the rental dvd that could n't be played on my old $ 200 sharp player ! 
1	it bring basically every media i 've test so far , even an quondam vcd that i ripped age ago and the rental dvd that could n't be playact on my old $ 200 sharp musician ! 
1	it roleplay fundamentally every media i 've tested so far , yet an one-time vcd that i ripped years ago and the rental dvd that could n't be flirt on my honest-to-god $ 200 sharp player ! 
1	 The iHome , however , has markedly better stereo separation as well as bass level .
1	 The iHome , however , has markedly better stereo separation as good as bass storey .
1	 The iHome , however , has markedly ripe stereo detachment as well as bass level .
0	I then realized a major design flaw.
0	I then realized a major innovation flaw.
0	I then understand a major design flaw.
0	SO, YOU MIGHT INQUIRE, WHY DON'T THEY MAKE IT A FIRST PRIORITY TO CAREFULLY, SIMPLY EXPLAIN HOW DOWNLOAD MUSIC FROM YOUR MUSIC LIBRARY TO THEIR DEVICE??? This seems academic to me.
0	then, YOU power INQUIRE, WHY DON'T THEY crap IT amp foremost PRIORITY TO CAREFULLY, SIMPLY explicate HOW DOWNLOAD MUSIC FROM YOUR MUSIC LIBRARY TO THEIR DEVICE??? This seems academic to me.
0	therefore, YOU MIGHT ask, WHY DON'T THEY brand IT A showtime precedence TO CAREFULLY, SIMPLY EXPLAIN HOW DOWNLOAD MUSIC FROM YOUR music LIBRARY TO THEIR DEVICE??? This seems academic to me.
1	This program enables the user to batch convert and convert audio files from one format to another. 
1	This program enables the user to deal convert and convert audio files from peerless initialise to another. 
1	This program enables the user to hatful convert and convert audio file from 1 format to another. 
1	i love having the option to manually control the f-stop , shutter speed and even focus . 
1	i eff having the option to manually command the f-stop , shutter rush and even focus . 
1	i fuck having the option to manually control the f-stop , shutter amphetamine and even concenter . 
1	i found it very useful for transferring large files to another computer . 
1	i bump it very utile for transferring large files to another computer . 
1	i happen it very useful for transferring prominent files to another computer . 
1	When I saw a high gain (low price) antenna was available to the WRT54G router, I thought I'd happily give up some (practically unattainable anyway, since you've got to be in spitting distance from the router) speed in favour of wider coverage. 
1	When I examine a high clear (blue price) antenna was available to the WRT54G router, I sentiment I'd happily impart up some (practically unattainable anyway, since you've suffer to be in spitting distance from the router) hurry in favour of wide-cut coverage. 
1	When I visualize a mellow gain (low price) antenna was available to the WRT54G router, iodine thought I'd happily sacrifice up some (practically undoable anyway, since you've obtain to be in spitting distance from the router) velocity in favour of broad coverage. 
1	the g3 is loaded with many useful features , and unlike many smaller digital cameras , it is easy to hold steady when using slower shutter speeds . 
1	the g3 is debase with many useful features , and unlike many modest digital cameras , it is easy to apply unbendable when using slower shutter velocity . 
1	the g3 is stretch with many useful features , and unlike many smaller digital camera , it is well-to-do to throw sweetheart when using slower shutter speeds . 
1	 However , if speed , reliability , and power to transmit a signal across the house are your requirements , then this router will do the job .
1	 However , if speed , reliability , and power to impart a signal crosswise the theater are your requirements , then this router will do the chore .
1	 However , if upper , reliability , and power to carry a signal across the household are your demand , then this router will do the job .
0	 All in all , bad device , bad customer service ... run like hell from this product .
0	 All in all , sorry device , bad customer service ... run like hell from this production .
0	 All in all , unfit device , bad customer service ... lam like hell from this product .
1	It is a great router for a table and with the depth adjustment knob it is easy to adjust depth prescisely.
1	It is a capital router for a table and with the depth adjustment node it is tardily to aline depth prescisely.
1	It is a expectant router for a tabulate and with the depth adjustment knob it is well-heeled to correct depth prescisely.
0	about the only legitimate criticsm from the online reviews is that fact that the lens really does obstruct the viewfinder . 
0	about the only legalise criticsm from the online revue is that fact that the lens really does occlude the finder . 
0	about the only legitimise criticsm from the on-line revue is that fact that the lens really does stymie the viewfinder . 
1	 I really love this netbook .
1	 I really bang this netbook .
1	 ace really love this netbook .
1	 So besides the annoyances , this is a fine speaker for the amount I paid .
1	 So too the annoyances , this is a ticket speaker for the amount I paid .
1	 indeed besides the annoyance , this is a fine speaker for the amount I paid .
0	The subscription files are still a little slower to transfer, but it's only by about 10% or so.  
0	The subscription files are placid a trivial slower to transferee, but it's only by about 10% or so.  
0	The subscription files are tranquil a small slower to channel, but it's only by about 10% or so.  
0	-- > you 'll be changing track information a lot because the cd database information utilized by the software is mediocre at best . 
0	-- > you 'll be changing cross information a flock because the cd database entropy utilized by the software is mediocre at full . 
0	-- > you 'll be changing rails information a batch because the Cd database information utilized by the software is mediocre at serious . 
1	Especially for the price amazon gives it at (I was unable to get mine through amazon due to some credit complications).
1	especially for the price amazon leave it at (I was unable to fetch mine through amazon due to some credit ramification).
1	peculiarly for the toll amazon reach it at (I was unable to stimulate mine through amazon due to some credit complications).
0	on my main computer the software did not work right . 
0	on my main computer the software did not run aright . 
0	on my main computer the software did not workplace right-hand . 
0	b ) the lens cover is surely loose , i already accidently finger-printed the len a few times , and au lens tigt and cause potential damage . 
0	Bel ) the lens binding is surely promiscuous , i already accidently finger-printed the len a few times , and au lens tigt and cause voltage damage . 
0	b ) the lens blanket is surely open , i already accidently finger-printed the len a few times , and au lens tigt and campaign potency damage . 
1	newbies will find the full auto setting will give them perfect pictures right out of the box . 
1	entrant will detect the full auto setting will give them arrant pictures right out of the box . 
1	newbies will find the full auto setting will feed them double-dyed pictures correctly out of the box . 
1	I tell you now, after lot of shooting in many different situations, this camera is amazing. 
1	I separate you now, after lot of pullulate in many different situations, this camera is astonishing. 
1	unity tell you now, after mass of shooting in many different situations, this camera is perplex. 
1	i found the controls very intuitive and learned how to manuver through the menus quickly . 
1	i bump the ascendance very intuitive and learned how to manuver through the carte quickly . 
1	i happen the hold very intuitive and learned how to manuver through the card quickly . 
1	the appearance is okayed ( at least not ugly ) . 
1	the appearance is okayed ( at least not slimy ) . 
1	the appearance is sanction ( at least not ugly ) . 
1	 Overall , it is an impressive display .
1	 Overall , it is an impressive exhibit .
1	 Overall , it is an impressive showing .
0	HOWEVER, configuration of my system and actual setup of the router for wireless use took me more than 3 hours, and briefly made me reconsider my choice to forego the airport and its notoriously easy setup. 
0	HOWEVER, configuration of my system and existent setup of the router for wireless use ingest me more than triplet hours, and briefly gain me reconsider my option to antedate the airport and its notoriously well-situated setup. 
0	HOWEVER, configuration of my system and factual setup of the router for tuner habit choose me more than trio hours, and briefly constitute me reconsider my select to forego the airport and its notoriously easy setup. 
1	it 's easy to use , and yet very feature rich . 
1	it 's easy to apply , and nevertheless very feature rich . 
1	it 's easy to habituate , and yet very characteristic rich . 
1	second , the " automatic " sync on creative lets you review the songs before it begins its transfer . 
1	moment , the " automatic " synchronise on creative lets you reappraisal the songs before it begins its transfer . 
1	second , the " automatic " synchronise on creative lets you revaluation the songs before it begins its remove . 
0	it is made of plastic . 
0	it is made of shaping . 
0	it is piddle of plastic . 
1	 Easy to set up , no bad pixels , great price for 19 LCD monitor !
1	 Easy to coiffure up , no sorry pixels , great price for 19 LCD monitor !
1	 Easy to rig up , no forged pixels , great price for 19 LCD monitor !
1	 FireWire & USB2.0-- For those fortunate enough to have FireWire400, your in for a real treat with autosync.
1	 FireWire & USB2.0-- For those fortunate decent to have FireWire400, your in for a tangible dainty with autosync.
1	 FireWire & USB2.0-- For those rosy enough to have FireWire400, your in for a really plow with autosync.
1	technology wise , i think this is awesome plus the speaker makes it even great ! ! ! ! i love this phone ! ! ! 
1	engineering fresh , i think this is awesome plus the speaker makes it even great ! ! ! ! i love this sound ! ! ! 
1	technology wise , i cogitate this is awesome plus the speaker ready it level great ! ! ! ! i love this phone ! ! ! 
1	- speakerphone 
1	- speakerphone 
0	will never purchase apex again . 
0	will ne'er purchase apex again . 
0	will never leverage apex again . 
1	6600 looks and feels nice.
1	6600 calculate and feels nice.
1	6600 looks and finger nice.
1	I was more excited about this player upon opening than I was about the Nomad.  
1	I was more shake about this musician upon unfold than I was about the Nomad.  
1	iodin was more shake about this player upon opening than i was about the Nomad.  
1	8 ) creative mediasource , although not as sleek looking as windows mediaplayer , is effective in organizing your collection and is linked to a good cddb service ( gracenotes ). 
1	octad ) creative mediasource , although not as sleek front as windows mediaplayer , is effective in organise your compendium and is linked to a goodness cddb service ( gracenotes ). 
1	viii ) creative mediasource , although not as flowing looking as windowpane mediaplayer , is effective in orchestrate your collection and is linked to a well cddb service ( gracenotes ). 
1	2 . battery life is over 4.5 hours , compared to about 2.5 hours for the g2 or the 2 hours for most nikons . 
1	2 . battery animation is over 4.five hour , compared to about 2.Phoebe hours for the g2 or the 2 hours for most nikons . 
1	2 . battery lifespan is over 4.quint hours , compared to about II.5 minute for the g2 or the 2 hours for most nikons . 
0	After installation, the very first time I booted up the Creative MediaSource Organizer, intending to use its CD burning and ripping functions, it totally shorted out. 
0	After installation, the very kickoff time i booted up the Creative MediaSource Organizer, mean to use its cadmium incinerate and ripping functions, it totally shorted out. 
0	After instalment, the very inaugural time iodin booted up the Creative MediaSource Organizer, intending to employment its CD burning and ripping functions, it totally short-change out. 
1	 Battery non-issue. 
1	 battery non-issue. 
1	 shelling non-issue. 
1	 The sound is surprising full , with a fair amount of bass , even for such a small unit .
1	 The profound is storm full , with a fair amount of bass , level for such a small unit .
1	 The sound is storm full , with a honest amount of deep , even for such a small unit .
1	by cocking the shutter to the halfway position and getting the settings ready to shoot , i was able to produce excellent stopaction photos -- contrary to what other reviewers experienced . 
1	by cocking the shutter to the middle position and sustain the settings make to snap , i was able to produce excellent stopaction photos -- wayward to what other reviewers experienced . 
1	by strut the shutter to the center position and getting the scope ready to dash , i was capable to produce excellent stopaction photos -- contrary to what other reviewers experienced . 
1	 The sound was crisp , clear , and no distortion .
1	 The sound was crisp , discharge , and no distortion .
1	 The sound was kinky , clear , and no distortion .
0	 This router started out looking good but then gradually slowed down to the point that even standard def youtube videos and highly compressed IPTV from Hulu Plus would slow down and freeze or stutter .
0	 This router begin out front near but then gradually slowed down to the dot that even standard def youtube videos and highly compressed IPTV from Hulu Plus would wearisome down and freeze or stammer .
0	 This router depart out see effective but then gradually slowed down to the degree that even banner def youtube picture and highly compressed IPTV from Hulu Plus would slow down and freeze or stutter .
1	2) The Champ uses regular store bags.
1	2) The Champ uses fixture store bags.
1	2) The Champ uses regular depot bags.
1	The bass is deep and the treble is clear.
1	The bass is deep and the treble is enlighten.
1	The bass is deep and the treble is realise.
0	whatever...  on to the negatives:  -touchy about charging... you can damage the battery and seriously decrease it's life if you don't upgrade the firmware OR dont' heed the advice to always plug in the player side of the cord before plugging in the outlet side. 
0	whatever...  on to the negatives:  -touchy about charging... you can damage the shelling and gravely decrease it's lifespan if you don't raise the firmware Oregon dont' heed the advice to invariably fireplug in the player incline of the cord before plugging in the outlet English. 
0	whatever...  on to the negatives:  -touchy about saddle... you can damage the shelling and seriously decrease it's life if you don't promote the firmware surgery dont' heed the advice to invariably cud in the player English of the cord before plugging in the release English. 
0	You also need to go in and MANUALLY remove many Symantec files from the REGISTRY.
0	You also motive to start in and manually remove many Symantec files from the REGISTRY.
0	You likewise pauperization to croak in and MANUALLY remove many Symantec files from the REGISTRY.
0	To install that version you have to uninstall from the window registery anything called Symantec or Nortron,... also from the common files in the program folder the symantec folder has to be deleted.
0	To establish that adaptation you have to uninstall from the window registery anything telephone Symantec or Nortron,... also from the park files in the program brochure the symantec folder has to be cancel.
0	To install that rendering you have to uninstall from the window registery anything predict Symantec or Nortron,... besides from the coarse files in the program booklet the symantec leaflet has to be deleted.
1	It's overkill for simple snapshots, unless you've got way too much money to blow.
1	It's overkill for childlike snapshots, unless you've find way too much money to blow.
1	It's overkill for simple snapshots, unless you've scram way too much money to boast.
1	i began taking pics as soon as i got this camera and am amazed at the quality of photos i have took simply by using the auto mode . 
1	i began exact pics as soon as i get this camera and am amazed at the quality of photos i have fill but by using the auto manner . 
1	i began ingest pics as soon as i puzzle this camera and am amaze at the prize of photos i have consume simply by using the auto mode . 
0	3- It is SLOW , if you keep the original configuration and progs (why'd u buy it then ?!) it'll run smoothly , but still slower than most other coloured-screen Nokias .
0	3- It is slow , if you keep the original configuration and progs (why'd u bargain it then ?!) it'll bunk smoothly , but nonetheless obtuse than most other coloured-screen Nokias .
0	3- It is tedious , if you hold the original configuration and progs (why'd u buy it then ?!) it'll test smoothly , but soundless slow than most other coloured-screen Nokias .
0	only if we could get one camera in it . . 
0	only if we could arrive one camera in it . . 
0	only if we could get unmatchable camera in it . . 
1	4. Play N-Gage games on it.
1	iv. Play N-Gage games on it.
1	quartet. Play N-Gage games on it.
0	HOWEVER, I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS PRODUCT AND WITH SYMANTEC.
0	nevertheless, I equal VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS PRODUCT AND WITH SYMANTEC.
0	yet, I Am VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS PRODUCT AND WITH SYMANTEC.
1	after a lengthy and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , high performance , travel size camera , i initially gravitated to this little gem because of the superior picture quality 4 mega pixel . 
1	after a lengthy and all-inclusive journey for a feature-loaded , gamey performance , travel size camera , i initially gravitated to this niggling gem because of the ranking impression prize 4 mega pixel . 
1	after a prolonged and across-the-board journey for a feature-loaded , gamy performance , travel size camera , i initially gravitated to this small gem because of the superior characterisation lineament 4 mega pixel . 
1	It's cute as anything and the glowing blue LED looks super cool around the edges. 
1	It's cute as anything and the glowing blue precede count first-rate cool around the edges. 
1	It's cute as anything and the glowing puritanical lead looks super cool around the adjoin. 
0	My old Sony Ericsson T610 has this feature.
0	My old Sony Ericsson T610 has this have.
0	My old Sony Ericsson T610 has this sport.
1	 Update : I 've been using this router for 3 months and it 's still working very well - wifi remains strong and consistant .
1	 Update : I 've been utilise this router for 3 months and it 's relieve workings very well - wifi remains potent and consistant .
1	 Update : single 've been using this router for 3 months and it 's still working very swell - wifi corpse hard and consistant .
1	 I have used this monitor for a few months and have had no problems .
1	 iodine have utilize this monitor for a few months and have had no problems .
1	 single have used this proctor for a few months and have had no problems .
0	one more thing , the default ringtones that come with the phone are horrible . 
0	one more matter , the default ringtones that come with the headphone are horrible . 
0	unrivaled more thing , the default ringtones that come with the call are horrible . 
0	in any case , navigation by artist / album is ok however i miss an ability to navigate by folders . 
0	in any case , navigation by artist / album is ok nevertheless i fille an ability to navigate by pamphlet . 
0	in any lawsuit , navigation by artist / album is hunky-dory however i girl an ability to navigate by folders . 
1	 Again , the sounds were spot-on and projected from where they should , the front of the TV .
1	 Again , the sounds were spot-on and jutting from where they should , the presence of the tv .
1	 again , the sounds were spot-on and protruding from where they should , the front of the telecasting .
0	Still, that's enough time that I'm still satisfied, if a bit grouchy with Creative's overhyped promises.    
0	Still, that's enough time that I'm inactive satisfied, if a number ill-tempered with Creative's overhyped promises.    
0	unruffled, that's plenty time that I'm still satisfied, if a spot grouchy with Creative's overhyped promises.    
0	the top did not fit well into the unit . ( felt defective ) 
0	the tiptop did not paroxysm well into the unit . ( felt defective ) 
0	the top did not fit swell into the unit . ( find defective ) 
1	the 30gb zen xtra rocks my socks , spills my beer , but does n't wash my car . 
1	the 30gb pane xtra rocks my socks , spills my beer , but does n't washing my gondola . 
1	the 30gb zen xtra rocks my socks , wasteweir my beer , but does n't slipstream my auto . 
1	otherwise , this player is awesome ! 
1	otherwise , this instrumentalist is awesome ! 
1	otherwise , this thespian is awesome ! 
0	But if I installed either one of these Norton products, neither works after installation?
0	But if I installed either ane of these Norton products, neither bring after installation?
0	But if I installed either one of these Norton products, neither knead after initiation?
1	* slick-looking design and improved interface 
1	* slick-looking design and better interface 
1	* slick-looking project and improved interface 
0	unfortunately it can 't play all of the dvd . 
0	unfortunately it can 't meet all of the dvd . 
0	unfortunately it can 't play all of the DVD . 
1	it is light enough to carry around all day without bother . 
1	it is sluttish enough to convey around all day without bother . 
1	it is sparkle enough to carry round all day without bother . 
1	 Easy Set Up .
1	 Easy lot Up .
1	 loose Set Up .
1	I found best results in most situation with manual/center auto focus, manual mode, ISO 100 (shorter aperture-time, so more often sharper images as with ISO 50), auto white balance (auto white balance is better than of the other canon cameras I have and they already do very-well).
1	I found just results in most spot with manual/center auto focus, manual mode, ISO C (shorter aperture-time, so more often sharper images as with ISO 50), motorcar White residual (auto livid counterbalance is effective than of the other canon cameras I have and they already do very-well).
1	I found unspoiled issue in most situation with manual/midway auto focus, manual fashion, ISO 100 (unforesightful aperture-time, so more often sharper images as with ISO 50), auto tweed proportionality (auto white balance is skilful than of the other canon cameras ace have and they already do very-well).
1	 This is a good product .
1	 This is a full product .
1	 This is a safe product .
0	 SLOW GUI - Be prepared to wait approximately 90 seconds every time you change one of the sub menu items and click that dreaded `` apply '' button ... yes , 11\/2 minutes !
0	 tiresome GUI - Be prepared to wait approximately ninety seconds every time you change nonpareil of the sub menu items and click that dreadful `` give '' button ... yes , i1\/2 minutes !
0	 wearisome GUI - follow ready to wait approximately 90 seconds every time you change one of the wedge menu item and click that dreaded `` implement '' button ... yes , 11\/2 minutes !
1	I upgraded from an older 801.11b router to the Linksys WRT54G for its improved security, and of course, speed. 
1	i upgraded from an old 801.11b router to the Linksys WRT54G for its improved security, and of grade, hie. 
1	iodine advance from an one-time 801.11b router to the Linksys WRT54G for its improved security, and of course, fastness. 
1	It doesn't bog down under load.
1	It doesn't bog down under stretch.
1	It doesn't bog down under warhead.
1	Get great themes and wallpapers for this phone and many many polyphonic rings.
1	obtain great theme and wallpapers for this phone and many many polyphonic rings.
1	vex great themes and wallpapers for this phone and many many polyphonic surround.
1	 Great sound !
1	 capital sound !
1	 large sound !
1	 The second set is working just fine .
1	 The second arrange is working just fine .
1	 The second set is workings just fine .
1	when you put this phone in your pocket you forget it is there ; it is unbelievably small and oh , so light . 
1	when you arrange this headphone in your pocket you forget it is there ; it is incredibly small and oh , so brightness . 
1	when you commit this phone in your pocket you forget it is there ; it is incredibly low and oh , so idle . 
1	I must add to the dismay/delight of readers this phone is simply the most groundbreaking phone mankind has ever held.
1	I must add to the appal/delight of readers this telephone is simply the most groundbreaking phone humanity has ever concur.
1	I must add to the consternation/enjoy of readers this ring is simply the most groundbreaking phone mankind has ever accommodate.
0	 It is also a bit bigger than expected but that 's OK because all I need is something to work with my iphone .
0	 It is also a sting self-aggrandizing than expected but that 's OK because all iodine motive is something to work with my iphone .
0	 It is likewise a bit freehanded than expected but that 's OK because all I motivation is something to workplace with my iphone .
1	Initially, I was very impressed, after loading 180 songs it seemed to function very well but then it would lock up on me and a battery removal remedied this, I then downloaded the upgrades and everything seemed to be alright. 
1	Initially, iodine was very move, after freight 180 songs it seemed to map very good but then it would lock up on me and a battery removal remedied this, unity then downloaded the raise and everything seemed to be fine. 
1	initially, I was very affect, after consignment 180 strain it seemed to role very considerably but then it would curl up on me and a battery removal remedied this, I then download the upgrades and everything seemed to be alright. 
0	Mine was so bad I had to to use a hammer to free it (and this is why I'm giving it 4, not 5 stars).
0	Mine was so bad I had to to employ a hammer to liberal it (and this is why I'm big it 4, not cinque whiz).
0	Mine was so badly I had to to habituate a hammer to free it (and this is why I'm impart it quaternary, not Phoebe stars).
0	I sent Creative customer service 3 emails in which they did not help me one bit and don't seem to even want to help.  
0	I beam Creative customer avail 3 emails in which they did not help me single fleck and don't seem to even want to help.  
0	one direct Creative customer service 3 emails in which they did not help me one flake and don't seem to even wishing to help.  
1	 - Sub woofer is large .
1	 - hoagy woofer is large .
1	 - torpedo woofer is large .
0	- no voice activated dialing ( what were they thinking 
0	- no voice activated dialing ( what were they cogitate 
0	- no voice aerate dialing ( what were they thinking 
0	What I dont like: Nothing much except Headphones, Belt clip design. 
0	What I dont like: Nothing much except Headphones, Belt crop purpose. 
0	What I dont like: zero much except Headphones, Belt clip designing. 
1	and we still LOVE it!
1	and we noneffervescent LOVE it!
1	and we tranquilize LOVE it!
1	 My wife is even more pleased due to its widescreen .
1	 My wife is regular more delight due to its widescreen .
1	 My wife is regular more pleased imputable to its widescreen .
1	the sound is excellent as one would suspect from a creative product . 
1	the levelheaded is excellent as one would suspect from a creative intersection . 
1	the well-grounded is excellent as nonpareil would suspect from a creative product . 
0	The plunge action isn't smooth unless you make it so.
0	The plunge activeness isn't smooth unless you hit it so.
0	The steep action isn't smooth unless you get it so.
1	I have less money invested in the router table and dual routers than I would have if I had purchased a single cheap reliant shaper.
1	iodin have LE money gift in the router tabulate and dual routers than I would have if I had purchased a bingle cheap reliant shaper.
1	unity have less money clothe in the router table and dual routers than i would have if I had purchased a unity tawdry reliant shaper.
1	lastly , the price is fantastic : 
1	lastly , the price is howling : 
1	lastly , the terms is fantastic : 
1	the zennx will keep running for the price of a replacement battery , just like any other battery-powered appliance . 
1	the zennx will retain melt for the terms of a replacement battery , just like any other battery-powered appliance . 
1	the zennx will sustain working for the price of a refilling battery , just like any other battery-powered appliance . 
0	do n't buy this player . 
0	do n't buy this instrumentalist . 
0	do n't corrupt this player . 
0	the screen is easily scratched but if you have the warranty you should be able to swap it out . 
0	the covert is easily engrave but if you have the warrant you should be able to swap it out . 
0	the screen is easily excise but if you have the guarantee you should be able to barter it out . 
1	I want to start off saying that this camera is small for a reason.
1	iodin want to start off pronounce that this camera is small for a reason.
1	single want to start off pronounce that this camera is small for a reason.
0	All in all, the Diaper Champ serves its purpose, but it does not live up to its good reviews.
0	All in all, the Diaper Champ serves its propose, but it does not live up to its thoroughly brushup.
0	totally in all, the Diaper Champ serves its purpose, but it does not know up to its honorable reviews.
0	For one thing, The diapers always get jammed in it.
0	For one thing, The diapers always cause packed in it.
0	For one thing, The diapers forever obtain jammed in it.
1	first , the battery is replacable by the user , because creative intended it to be - unlike apple with the ipod . 
1	initiative , the battery is replacable by the user , because originative intended it to be - different apple with the ipod . 
1	maiden , the shelling is replacable by the user , because creative signify it to be - unlike apple with the ipod . 
1	i 've used the speakerphone for almost two hours once and the battery did not even go down one single bar . 
1	i 've ill-used the speakerphone for nigh two hours once and the battery did not even tour down unrivaled single bar . 
1	i 've utilise the speakerphone for almost two hour once and the battery did not regular operate down one single bar . 
0	the sound level is also not as high as i would have expected . 
0	the go floor is also not as high as i would have expected . 
0	the sound charge is also not as mellow as i would have expected . 
0	the one huge disappointment is that the phones manufactured for t-mobile lack many of the menus and functions that a nokia straight from the manufacturer should have . 
0	the i huge disappointment is that the sound manufactured for t-mobile lack many of the fare and purpose that a nokia unbowed from the manufacturer should have . 
0	the matchless vast disappointment is that the phones invent for t-mobile lack many of the menus and serve that a nokia consecutive from the manufacturer should have . 
1	 I am using them in my office , and they generally sound good .
1	 I am using them in my office , and they generally vocalize serious .
1	 I am using them in my post , and they generally sound proficient .
1	Really like it, easy to use, great images, very intuitive, fits in my jacket pocket.
1	Really like it, easy to usage, great double, very intuitive, fits in my crown pocket.
1	Really like it, sluttish to utilise, great range, very intuitive, fits in my jacket pocket.
0	I purchased this phone knowing it was slightly old as compared to the newer models of Nokia phones available.
0	I purchased this phone experience it was slightly older as compared to the newer mould of Nokia phones available.
0	i purchased this phone well-educated it was slightly old as compared to the newer manakin of Nokia phones available.
1	I downloaded and updated the firmware, and followed the easy setup instructions. 
1	ace downloaded and updated the microcode, and followed the easy setup instructions. 
1	ane downloaded and updated the firmware, and be the easy setup instructions. 
1	 The screen is a very pleasing matte , and the colors are great .
1	 The blind is a very pleasing matte , and the coloring are great .
1	 The sort is a very pleasing matte , and the colors are dandy .
0	Stay away from this junk. 
0	quell away from this junk. 
0	stop away from this junk. 
1	By no means do you have to be a tech junkie to be able to install it, just be able to put a CD in the computer and it tells you what to do. 
1	By no intend do you have to be a tech addict to be able-bodied to install it, just be able to lay a 400 in the computer and it distinguish you what to do. 
1	aside no substance do you have to be a tech junkie to be able to instal it, just be able-bodied to put a Cd in the computer and it recite you what to do. 
0	Then the most disappointing was trying to use Viper raised panel bits that just barely fit, and I mean just barely.
0	Then the most disappointing was trying to use Viper fire venire bite that just barely fit, and I beggarly just barely.
0	Then the most disappointing was trying to use Viper parent panel mo that just barely fit, and unity think just barely.
0	There were no other obvious setup instructions - though there was a softcopy manual, it did not give an answer readily on what do to.  
0	There were no other obvious frame-up education - though there was a softcopy manual, it did not sacrifice an reply readily on what do to.  
0	There were no other obvious setup command - though there was a softcopy manual, it did not present an solution pronto on what do to.  
1	you can adjust the volume to be heard anywhere or so that it does n't make that big of a disturbance . 
1	you can adjust the loudness to be heard anywhere or so that it does n't stimulate that liberal of a fray . 
1	you can adjust the volume to be listen anywhere or so that it does n't create that prominent of a kerfuffle . 
0	it is slightly larger than an ipod , no doubt about it . 
0	it is slightly expectant than an ipod , no dubiousness about it . 
0	it is slightly great than an ipod , no dubiety about it . 
1	the movie mode is also working great . 
1	the movie fashion is also working great . 
1	the movie mode is also working nifty . 
0	 ##Cons. 1. Configuration is not easy as it made out to be 2.Lousy Initial Software 3. Does not work with BitSpirit with UPnP, Besides that its an excellent choice , If you know your way around network configuration go for it.
0	 ##Cons. 1. constellation is not well-heeled as it produce out to be 2.Lousy Initial Software 3. Energy not function with BitSpirit with UPnP, Besides that its an excellent choice , If you cognize your way about network configuration move for it.
0	 ##hornswoggle. 1. Configuration is not easily as it ca-ca out to be 2.Lousy Initial Software troika. Does not work with BitSpirit with UPnP, Besides that its an excellent select , If you hump your means around network configuration XTC for it.
1	As far as user interface is concerned, the best and easiest to use seems to be the one that comes with the player, 'Creative MediaSource Organizer'. 
1	As far as user interface is concerned, the ripe and prosperous to consumption seems to be the unmatched that derive with the player, 'Creative MediaSource Organizer'. 
1	a far as user interface is concerned, the honorable and loose to enjoyment seems to be the one that number with the player, 'Creative MediaSource Organizer'. 
1	Once you set it up, it's great. 
1	Once you plant it up, it's great. 
1	Once you set it up, it's nifty. 
0	It had issues right off the bat, with freezing up, staying in 'SHUTTING DOWN' mode, and just not functioning very well in general. 
0	It had publish redress off the thrash, with freezing up, staying in 'SHUTTING DOWN' mode, and just not serve very well in general. 
0	It had takings powerful off the bat, with freezing up, staying in 'SHUTTING DOWN' mode, and just not functioning very considerably in universal. 
1	 The battery life lastes 12 hours, and charges quickly. (As mentioned above, the initial charge is a minimum of only two hours - not too long at all!) Once you've downloaded your music, you can access the tracks by artist, genre, album, composer (this comes in handy when the actual composer is different from the artist - e.g. covers of songs), etc.
1	 The battery life lastes 12 minute, and accuse quickly. (amp mentioned above, the initial shoot is a minimum of only two hours - not too long at all!) formerly you've downloaded your medicine, you can access the track by artist, genre, album, composer (this ejaculate in handy when the actual composer is different from the artist - eastward.M. comprehend of strain), etc.
1	 The battery life live 12 hours, and rouse quickly. (As advert above, the initial commit is a minimum of only deuce hr - not too long at all!) Once you've downloaded your music, you can admission the course by artist, genre, album, composer (this fare in handy when the actual composer is different from the artist - eastward.grand. encompass of songs), etc.
0	8- Buttons are little, but If you have steady fingers and dealed with a casio wirst calculator watch, you can deal with almost anything.
0	8- Buttons are little, but If you have steadfast fingers and take with a casio wirst computer watch, you can apportion with almost anything.
0	8- release are little, but If you have firm fingers and dispense with a casio wirst calculator watch, you can bargain with almost anything.
1	Great reception, visibility and interface (may be complicated by others).
1	capital reception, visibility and interface (may be perplex by others).
1	large reception, visibility and interface (may be refine by others).
0	yeah i agree the earbuds are pretty crap , replace them . 
0	yeah i agree the earbuds are middling shite , replace them . 
0	yeah i harmonise the earbuds are pretty shit , replace them . 
1	i like the size and weight of this little critter . 
1	i comparable the size and weight of this picayune critter . 
1	i comparable the size and weight of this trivial critter . 
1	four megapixels is great . 
1	iv megapixels is great . 
1	quaternary megapixels is great . 
0	navigation is a bit tricky and takes getting used to but the included pdf instructions cover the operation pretty well . 
0	navigation is a bit tricky and ask catch used to but the included pdf instructions continue the operation pretty advantageously . 
0	navigation is a bit tricky and rent sustain used to but the included pdf statement traverse the operation pretty well . 
1	like it 's predecessor , the quickly revised nx , this player boasts a decent size and weight , a relatively-intuitive navigational system that categorizes based on id3 tags , and excellent sound ( widely known to be better than ipod - not surprising considering the number of years creative has been in the audio peripheral business ) . 
1	care it 's precursor , the quickly revised nx , this player blow a decent size and weight , a relatively-intuitive navigational system that categorize base on id3 ticket , and excellent vocalise ( widely jazz to be better than ipod - not storm considering the enumerate of years creative has been in the audio peripheral business ) . 
1	like it 's predecessor , the quick revised nx , this player boasting a decently size and weight , a relatively-intuitive navigational system that categorizes base on id3 tag , and excellent well-grounded ( widely screw to be upright than ipod - not surprising conceive the figure of years creative has been in the audio peripheral business ) . 
1	 This is a superb system and highly recommended .
1	 This is a superb organization and highly recommended .
1	 This is a superb system and highly advocate .
0	Apple closed their island to anything that resembled Microsoft, and clearly let Napster know it could not use their products with Napster's services. 
0	Apple closed their island to anything that resembled Microsoft, and clearly lease Napster bed it could not usance their products with Napster's serving. 
0	apple closed their island to anything that resembled Microsoft, and clearly let Napster hump it could not role their products with Napster's help. 
1	The extra Gb is just a bonus.  
1	The extra Gb is just a incentive.  
1	The extra gigabyte is just a bonus.  
0	The phone must be shut down & taken apart to change the memory card... and turning the phone back on takes a little while.
0	The phone must be shut down & taken apart to change the memory card... and ferment the sound cover on claim a little while.
0	The phone must be shut down & taken apart to commute the memory bill... and turning the phone backwards on adopt a little while.
0	the dvd player does not work properly . 
0	the dvd player does not act properly . 
0	the dvd player does not turn properly . 
1	All in all this is a 5 star piece of equipment. 
1	All in all this is a 5 ace composition of equipment. 
1	All in all this is a 5 wiz slice of equipment. 
0	I'm an advocate of Nokia , but this phone and the following models (7610) , are seemingly a desperate trial at squeezing as much under-engineered and experimental technologies in one sloppy phone .
0	I'm an advocate of Nokia , but this phone and the trace posture (7610) , are ostensibly a desperate run at wedge as much under-engineered and experimental technologies in one waterlogged phone .
0	I'm an counsel of Nokia , but this headphone and the adopt mannikin (7610) , are seemingly a desperate trial at squeezing as much under-engineered and observational technologies in one squashy phone .
0	Even the instruction booklet is out of order.
0	Even the instruction leaflet is out of order.
0	flush the instruction booklet is out of order.
1	i fell in love with this camera , it combines ease of use , with an immense amount of options and power . 
1	i hide in fuck with this camera , it combines facilitate of employment , with an immense amount of options and power . 
1	i pass in hump with this camera , it combines ease of use , with an Brobdingnagian quantity of options and power . 
1	recently bought this coolpix 4300 along with a 256mb ultra flash card . as expected , i happily found that qualities of the picture are excellent with 3m-4m pixel / fine combos and many of the user-friendly functions are very similar to slr models , and with added convenience of a digital camera that you can see pictures immediately . 
1	recently bought this coolpix 4300 along with a 256mb ultra ostentate plug-in . as expected , i happily encounter that qualities of the project are splendid with 3m-4m pixel / fine combos and many of the user-friendly run are very similar to slr model , and with bring restroom of a digital camera that you can encounter delineation immediately . 
1	recently bought this coolpix 4300 along with a 256mb ultra wink card . as expected , i happily constitute that timber of the film are excellent with 3m-4m pixel / fine combos and many of the user-friendly role are very exchangeable to slr poser , and with bestow convenience of a digital camera that you can control fancy straightaway . 
0	now there is one more complaint i have about the g3 and that is the software that comes with it for processing raw images ( i only shoot in raw image mode and the first thing i did was replace the 32 mbyte cf with a 512 mbyte cf , which gives me 130 raw images , as opposed to 7 ! 
0	now there is 1 more complaint i have about the g3 and that is the software that fare with it for process bare-ass project ( i only dart in raw trope mode and the outset thing i did was replace the 32 mbyte cf with a 512 mbyte cf , which gives me 130 cutting simulacrum , as opposed to septet ! 
0	now there is one more complaint i have about the g3 and that is the software that cum with it for processing tender picture ( i only scud in raw image mood and the beginning thing i did was replace the 32 mbyte cf with a 512 mbyte cf , which devote me 130 cutting figure , as match to sevener ! 
1	 Wow , this speaker really rocks .
1	 Wow , this speaker really rock-and-roll .
1	 Wow , this talker really rocks .
1	it 's not a listed feature but , the one thing that sold the unit is that it plays mpeg video . 
1	it 's not a listed feature but , the unrivalled thing that deal the unit is that it playact MPEG video . 
1	it 's not a number feature but , the matchless thing that sold the whole is that it gambol mpeg video . 
1	 I am not to savy with a computer but the D-link is very easy to install and set up .
1	 unity am not to savy with a computer but the D-link is very light to install and do up .
1	 unity am not to savy with a computer but the D-link is very sluttish to install and adjust up .
0	the interface software itself , which should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use . 
0	the port package itself , which should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use . 
0	the port software itself , which should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use . 
1	I highly recommend this phone.
1	I highly recommend this ring.
1	i highly recommend this phone.
1	The ones I've kept (Porter Cables, Dewalts, Bosch, and this Hitachi) have proven their worth over the years, however, when I need a real workhorse, I grab this router.
1	The ones I've hold (Porter Cables, Dewalts, Bosch, and this Hitachi) have proven their worth over the year, still, when I need a rattling workhorse, I snatch this router.
1	The ones I've keep (Porter Cables, Dewalts, Bosch, and this Hitachi) have proven their worth over the years, withal, when I indigence a actual workhorse, I seize this router.
1	 Even the bass is pretty impressive from such rather small drivers .
1	 Even the bass is reasonably impressive from such rather pocket-size drivers .
1	 Even the basso is pretty impressive from such rather pocket-size drivers .
0	Limitations: - Not a lot of original accessories like the iPod. 
0	Limitations: - Not a distribute of original accessories corresponding the iPod. 
0	Limitations: - Not a lot of original accouterment comparable the iPod. 
1	I got it to use with the new $5-per-month service from Yahoo (Music Unlimited,) and despite the above issues, I love it. 
1	I got it to use with the New $5-per-month service from Yahoo (music limitless,) and contempt the above issues, I love it. 
1	iodin got it to use with the freshly $5-per-month service from Yahoo (Music Unlimited,) and despite the above emerge, I passion it. 
1	This IS the best camera you can have for digital images if you want to:
1	This IS the just camera you can have for digital envision if you desire to:
1	This IS the trump camera you can have for digital double if you wish to:
0	Linksys is more costlier than others and is a home/consumer division of Cisco. 
0	Linksys is more costlier than others and is a place/consumer sectionalisation of Cisco. 
0	Linksys is more costly than others and is a national/consumer division of Cisco. 
0	They obviously have quality and reliability problems. 
0	They manifestly have quality and reliability problems. 
0	They obviously have prize and reliability problems. 
1	the auto-mode is good enough for most shots but the 4300 also boasts 12 versatile scene modes as well as a manual mode though i admit i have n't played with it too much on manual . 
1	the auto-mode is skilful decent for most dig but the 4300 also swash 12 versatile fit modes as well as a manual style though i admit i have n't run with it too much on manual . 
1	the auto-mode is unspoiled sufficiency for most shot but the 4300 also gasconade 12 versatile tantrum fashion as well as a manual mode though i admit i have n't bet with it too much on manual . 
1	We use the cheap $1.99 13 gallon vanilla scented bags from the grocery store but you can use any bag you have laying around.
1	We employ the tacky $1.99 13 gallon vanilla scented bags from the grocery memory but you can use any udder you have laying approximately.
1	We purpose the cheap $ane.99 13 gallon vanilla sweet-smelling bags from the grocery store but you can use any bag you have place approximately.
1	 Does what it should and the sound seems fine to me .
1	 behave what it should and the heavy seems fine to me .
1	 do what it should and the vocalise seems fine to me .
1	it 's light weight enough to take with you everywhere , but powerful enough to get outstanding pix . 
1	it 's ignite weight enough to read with you everywhere , but powerful enough to father outstanding pix . 
1	it 's light weight enough to lease with you everywhere , but right enough to take outstanding pix . 
0	the g3 had problems focusing in low light and would not take the picture when the shutter was pressed but after the shutter had been released a few seconds . 
0	the g3 had job focus in moo light and would not take the show when the shutter was compress but after the shutter had been released a few seconds . 
0	the g3 had problems focusing in low perch and would not deal the see when the shutter was constrict but after the shutter had been released a few endorse . 
0	Within one month, my player completely died. 
0	Within single month, my player completely died. 
0	Within unmatchable month, my player completely died. 
1	this phone is great as a whole and is not like others with one or two good qualities . 
1	this phone is great as a totally and is not like others with 1 or two soundly qualities . 
1	this phone is great as a whole and is not like others with one or ii upright tone . 
1	 My 2 XBoxs , Ipod , Iphone , Ipad are all catching a nice strong signal .
1	 My 2 XBoxs , Ipod , Iphone , Ipad are all get a gracious strong signal .
1	 My 2 XBoxs , Ipod , Iphone , Ipad are all overhear a courteous strong signal .
0	The only problem i find with it is that the plunge mechanism will eventually stick due to wood dust.
0	The only problem i regain with it is that the plunge mechanism will eventually wedge ascribable to wood dust.
0	The only problem i retrieve with it is that the steep mechanism will eventually stick referable to wood dust.
0	If you currently own the 2003 version, and are looking to upgrade to the 2004 version, don't.
0	If you currently own the 2003 rendering, and are looking to promote to the 2004 adaptation, don't.
0	If you currently own the 2003 translation, and are reckon to raise to the 2004 version, don't.
1	Another 5 star performance. 
1	Another 5 asterisk performance. 
1	Another 5 hotshot performance. 
0	i am annoyed that the player 's not automatically recognized as a hard drive . 
0	i am nark that the player 's not automatically realize as a hard drive . 
0	i am riled that the player 's not automatically recognized as a hard crusade . 
1	All in all, it's a good router if you don't have the cash for a Speedbooster one. 
1	altogether in all, it's a sound router if you don't have the cash for a Speedbooster ace. 
1	wholly in all, it's a effective router if you don't have the cash for a Speedbooster unrivaled. 
1	Goes ~3 days after a charge.
1	Goes ~3 days after a appoint.
1	get ~3 days after a charge.
1	there is much which has been said in other reviews about the features of this phone , it is a great phone , mine worked without any problems right out of the box . 
1	there is much which has been enunciate in other brushup about the features of this phone , it is a corking phone , mine worked without any problem decent out of the loge . 
1	there is much which has been suppose in other followup about the features of this ring , it is a great telephone , mine make without any problems redress out of the box . 
0	what the hell is wrong with this thing . 
0	what the hell is awry with this thing . 
0	what the pit is wrong with this thing . 
0	it wo n't play 80 % of my movies , which are all store boughten . 
0	it wo n't bring 80 % of my movies , which are all entrepot boughten . 
0	it wo n't dally 80 % of my movies , which are all entrepot boughten . 
1	plusses are the easy to remove battery and the terrific sound produced by the nomad . 
1	plus are the easy to off battery and the terrific level-headed produced by the nomad . 
1	plusses are the easy to remove battery and the terrifying good acquire by the nomad . 
0	The new drivers on cannon's site do not help at all but try them if you want they have made me have to use the backup software.
0	The fresh drivers on cannon's site do not help at all but adjudicate them if you wishing they have defecate me have to use the backing software.
0	The new drivers on cannon's site do not help at all but stress them if you lack they have prepare me have to usage the patronage software.
0	 However, the battery life isn't as good as I would like. 
0	 However, the battery life isn't as well as I would same. 
0	 However, the battery liveliness isn't as honest as I would like. 
0	 the only thing I don't like about it is that You have to buy a larger memory card, first thing!
0	 the only matter unity don't similar about it is that You have to steal a larger memory card, first thing!
0	 the only thing ane don't like about it is that You have to corrupt a larger storage add-in, first thing!
1	Everything, so far, has worked flawlessly.
1	Everything, so far, has ferment flawlessly.
1	Everything, so far, has worked cleanly.
1	i just purchased this player and i have to say that i love it . 
1	i just purchased this actor and i have to enjoin that i love it . 
1	i just purchased this player and i have to allege that i bang it . 
1	 The sound quality is very exceptable .
1	 The sound caliber is very exceptable .
1	 The sound timbre is very exceptable .
1	I will also say that setting up the e-mail account was very simple and straight-forward, although you do need an external SMTP server to use.
1	I will also aver that mount up the e-mail account was very simple and straight-forward, although you do motive an international SMTP server to utilize.
1	one will also say that scope up the e-mail bill was very uncomplicated and straight-forward, although you do need an external SMTP server to consumption.
1	Transfering MP3s are a cinch with the included software. 
1	change MP3s are a cinch with the included software. 
1	transpose MP3s are a cinch with the included software. 
0	 Simply this product was created and was left behind !
0	 Simply this product was created and was lead behind !
0	 Simply this product was created and was left tush !
0	T-Mobile wasn't upfront about some of the terms to qualify for the rebate.
0	T-Mobile wasn't upfront about some of the term to condition for the rebate.
0	T-Mobile wasn't upfront about some of the terminus to condition for the rebate.
0	 Another thing you should know, the metal on the flip side of the iPod is very tacky, and scratches very easily.
0	 Another thing you should cognize, the metal on the riffle side of the iPod is very meretricious, and scribble very easily.
0	 Another thing you should recognize, the metallic on the flip side of the iPod is very tatty, and sugar very easily.
1	The battery is also convenient, but could have been better, such as the Zen Touch's battery (but at least this one is removable).    
1	The battery is besides convenient, but could have been punter, such as the acid Touch's battery (but at least this unitary is removable).    
1	The shelling is likewise convenient, but could have been dependable, such as the Zen Touch's battery (but at least this peerless is removable).    
1	 Setup was easy -LRB- Windows XP wired , Windows 7 Professional wifi -RRB- .
1	 Setup was prosperous -LRB- Windows XP wired , window 7 Professional wifi -RRB- .
1	 Setup was well-situated -LRB- Windows XP wired , Windows 7 Professional WLAN -RRB- .
1	ITunes can be downloaded from the enclosed CD or for free from the Apple site.    
1	ITunes can be download from the enclosed candle or for unfreeze from the Apple site.    
1	ITunes can be downloaded from the envelop CD or for disengage from the Apple situation.    
1	 If you want a quality product , delivered on time , buy this one .
1	 If you need a quality product , delivered on metre , buy this one .
1	 If you want a quality product , deport on time , bargain this one .
1	I've got a buddy who's trying to offload his almost new $300 Speedmatic because he saw what this router can do.
1	I've amaze a buddy who's hear to offload his almost Modern $300 Speedmatic because he interpret what this router can do.
1	I've flummox a buddy who's examine to offload his almost fresh $300 Speedmatic because he project what this router can do.
1	3) The joystick design they are using on the new Nokias gives you a great degree of control.
1	3) The joystick innovation they are using on the new Nokias contribute you a great degree of mastery.
1	triplet) The joystick project they are using on the fresh Nokias gives you a great degree of control.
1	 The device itself is pretty solid .
1	 The device itself is moderately solid .
1	 The device itself is pretty square .
1	I have ripped over 100 songs from my CD collection and it was so easy and fast, and they all sound great.  
1	ace have ripped over 100 songs from my CD collection and it was so soft and fast, and they all levelheaded heavy.  
1	ane have rend over 100 songs from my CD collection and it was so easy and libertine, and they all sound nifty.  
1	I also like the lock feature, so it makes the touch pad inactive.   
1	I also comparable the lock feature, so it makes the jot pad inactive.   
1	I also like the lock feature, so it makes the impact tramp inactive.   
1	 In addition , it comes with a remote control .
1	 In addition , it comes with a outside control .
1	 In addition , it ejaculate with a remote control .
1	it has a classic design yet looks hip . 
1	it has a classic design yet feel hip . 
1	it has a classic project yet looks hip . 
1	it is versatile and seems to be one of the best . 
1	it is versatile and seems to be I of the proficient . 
1	it is versatile and seems to be ane of the intimately . 
0	is not as intuitive as I would like.  
0	is not as intuitive as I would care.  
0	is not as intuitive as single would like.  
0	 The only negative thing about this was the instructions for adjusting the display were not very clear and it took a little time to figure out how to do it .
0	 The only disconfirming thing about this was the didactics for adjusting the display were not very readable and it select a picayune time to compute out how to do it .
0	 The only electronegative thing about this was the teaching for adapt the display were not very unclutter and it took a little sentence to envision out how to do it .
1	You can use it as a storage Hard Drive.    
1	You can purpose it as a storage Hard Drive.    
1	You can use it as a storage Hard ride.    
0	 Called their support , they did n't have a clue so I returned it and I am looking for something else that will give me 150 mbps .
0	 ring their funding , they did n't have a clue so I returned it and 1 am bet for something else that will yield me 150 mbps .
0	 squall their patronise , they did n't have a clue so I riposte it and iodine am looking for something else that will consecrate me 150 mbps .
0	I must say, this one is quite slow to open an application.
0	I must say, this one is quite slowly to open an covering.
0	single must say, this one is quite slow to opened an application.
1	It works better and has more useful features than NIS 2003.
1	It lick skilful and has more useful features than NIS 2003.
1	It make practiced and has more useful features than NIS 2003.
1	i expected the 12x digital zoom to be grainy , but onfull size high to fine quality , the zoomed images are quite impressive . 
1	i await the 12x digital zoom to be grainy , but onfull size gamey to fine quality , the surge icon are quite impressive . 
1	i await the 12x digital zoom to be grainy , but onfull size high-pitched to exquisitely quality , the zoomed simulacrum are quite impressive . 
1	Setup in XP was instant and intuitive. 
1	Setup in XP was flash and intuitive. 
1	Setup in XP was heartbeat and intuitive. 
1	Great product, easy to use, economical, effective, absolutly fabulous.
1	Great product, easy to use, sparing, effective, absolutly fabulous.
1	Great product, tardily to use, economical, effective, absolutly fabulous.
1	The quality is significant and you'll be very happy from saving time and the headache.      
1	The caliber is significant and you'll be very happy from write time and the concern.      
1	The quality is significant and you'll be very glad from saving meter and the vexation.      
1	You just can't go wrong with this one!
1	You just can't exit wrong with this one!
1	You just can't plump wrong with this one!
1	i decided to save the $ $ and opted for the zen xtra ... and i was not disappointed . 
1	i adjudicate to economize the $ $ and opted for the zen xtra ... and i was not disappoint . 
1	i decided to salvage the $ $ and opted for the Zen xtra ... and i was not foiled . 
0	A lot of people are having problems with the firmware update required to use the player for Napster to Go.. The firmware is beta and they are are a lot of bugs in it. 
0	A destiny of mass are having problems with the firmware update command to utilize the player for Napster to whirl.. The firmware is beta and they are are a caboodle of bugs in it. 
0	A spate of people are having problems with the firmware update requisite to expend the player for Napster to die.. The firmware is beta and they are are a deal of wiretap in it. 
1	Comes with a installation CD which instructs you step by step to setting up the router. 
1	do with a installation cadmium which instructs you step by step to define up the router. 
1	fare with a installation Cd which instructs you step by step to congeal up the router. 
0	the controls are somewhat harder to use than the ipod , but i have gotten use to them , and even at the beginning did not think would justify the huge difference in price . 
0	the ascendancy are somewhat grueling to habituate than the ipod , but i have gotten usage to them , and even at the get-go did not cogitate would justify the huge difference in price . 
0	the controls are somewhat concentrated to utilise than the ipod , but i have father use to them , and fifty-fifty at the get did not consider would justify the huge difference in price . 
1	 Compared to the 19 '' Dell Monitor this replaced it is far brighter and weighs much less .
1	 equate to the nineteen '' Dell Monitor this supplant it is far brighter and weighs much less .
1	 liken to the 19 '' Dell Monitor this substitute it is far undimmed and weighs much less .
0	And, when you think about it, it's insulting that Norton requires its customers to jump through these hoops -- anyone who can provide proof of purchase, whether on the phone or online (what if your computer is down?), should have equal priority.
0	And, when you remember about it, it's contemptuous that Norton need its customers to leap through these hoop -- anyone who can ply proof of purchase, whether on the phone or online (what if your computer is down?), should have match anteriority.
0	And, when you retrieve about it, it's insult that Norton involve its customer to jumping through these basket -- anyone who can provide proof of purchase, whether on the phone or online (what if your computer is down?), should have be antecedence.
1	Feature for feature, I find it a very sweet little player; equipped with a higher end headphone system, between this and th larger Zen Ihardly use my home stereo system anymore. 
1	Feature for characteristic, I find it a very dulcet little instrumentalist; equipped with a higher end headphone system, between this and th heavy Zen Ihardly enjoyment my home stereo scheme anymore. 
1	Feature for feature, I see it a very mellisonant little player; weaponed with a higher terminal headphone system, between this and th enceinte Zen Ihardly function my home stereo system anymore. 
0	 Others may have better luck , but I have never seen a flat-panel with such horrible viewing angles .
0	 Others may have beneficial luck , but I have never envision a flat-panel with such horrible viewing tip .
0	 Others may have sound lot , but I have never figure a flat-panel with such horrible viewing angles .
0	headphones suck , i would invest in some cool ones since it has the eax feature . 
0	earphone blow , i would invest in some cool single since it has the eax feature . 
0	headphones wet-nurse , i would invest in some poise single since it has the eax feature . 
1	This camera is so light and tiny that I literally carry it everywhere with me, which is great considering I'm an artist and like to capture interesting items for future painting.
1	This camera is so illume and diminutive that iodin literally dribble it everywhere with me, which is corking deliberate I'm an artist and like to capture interesting items for future painting.
1	This camera is so lightness and tiny that I literally deport it everywhere with me, which is bang-up considering I'm an artist and comparable to charm interesting particular for future painting.
1	As any digital camera owner knows is that when you go to take a picture of a moving object to expect some blurring but with some preliminary testing we had somone move there hands back and forth under the lense and another person take the picture and suprisingly a crystal clear image apeared on the decently sized screen. 
1	As any digital camera owner know is that when you cristal to consume a delineation of a moving object to expect some blurring but with some preliminary testing we had somone strike there hands back and forth under the lense and another mortal payoff the photo and suprisingly a quartz discharge see apeared on the decently sized screen. 
1	As any digital camera possessor knows is that when you go to pack a scene of a moving aim to expect some blear but with some preliminary testing we had somone movement there hands rearwards and forth under the lense and another person need the picture and suprisingly a crystal solve range apeared on the decently sized sort. 
1	amazon is awaesome ! 
1	Amazon is awaesome ! 
1	virago is awaesome ! 
0	When the screen stops working, you're out of luck !
0	When the screen break working, you're out of luck !
0	When the screen stoppage working, you're out of luck !
1	i really do recommend this to anyone in need of a new player . 
1	i really do recommend this to anyone in indigence of a newfangled player . 
1	i really do recommend this to anyone in motive of a young player . 
1	 Great speakers overall .
1	 Great speaker overall .
1	 outstanding speakers overall .
1	7 ) some people have problems with the flip switch on the bottom that releases the player cover - has not been an issue for me and is immaterial if you use the case as the case covers the switch . 
1	7 ) some citizenry have problems with the interchange switch on the arse that releases the participant cover - has not been an issue for me and is immaterial if you utilization the case as the subject address the switch . 
1	7 ) some people have problems with the flip substitution on the posterior that releases the player cover - has not been an take for me and is immaterial if you use the fount as the subject cover the substitution . 
1	easy enough to navigate through , although i 'd prefer a sturdier button besides the thumbwheel scroll / pushbutton . 
1	well-to-do enough to navigate through , although i 'd prefer a inflexible button besides the thumbwheel roll / pushbutton . 
1	well-to-do enough to navigate through , although i 'd prefer a sturdier release besides the thumbwheel coil / pushbutton . 
0	Software The software that comes along with it is not very intuitive but once you are used to it,it  does the job well. 
0	Software The software that occur on with it is not very intuitive but once you are used to it,it  does the line considerably. 
0	software The software that come along with it is not very intuitive but once you are used to it,it  does the chore swell. 
1	This camera is great, wonderfully small, and has attactive hi-tech casing.
1	This camera is big, wonderfully minuscule, and has attactive hi-tech casing.
1	This camera is capital, wonderfully pocket-sized, and has attactive hi-tech casing.
1	6- Small but very clear TFT screen.
1	6- Small but very clear TFT test.
1	6- Small but very clear-cut TFT screen.
0	This is somewhat annoying, but from working with computers (espcially windows -- ugh...)
0	This is somewhat annoying, but from influence with computer (espcially windows -- ugh...)
0	This is somewhat nettlesome, but from cultivate with computers (espcially windows -- ugh...)
0	Configuring it for a home network was almost impossible.
0	Configuring it for a home net was almost impossible.
0	Configuring it for a plate network was almost impossible.
0	 Meanwhile , the instructions for Apple users indicated I should load the CD-ROM , but it turns out it only contained a PDF of instructions and offered nothing by way of explanation on installing for Apple computers .
0	 Meanwhile , the didactics for Apple users signal I should load the CD-ROM , but it routine out it only contained a PDF of statement and bid nix by way of explanation on installing for Apple calculator .
0	 meanwhile , the instructions for Apple users indicated I should lode the CD-ROM , but it bend out it only arrest a PDF of instructions and extend zippo by room of explanation on installing for Apple computers .
1	Believe me when I say this I have used and fingered all Nokia phones and the 6600 has the best keypad
1	Believe me when I read this ace have habituate and fingered all Nokia phones and the 6600 has the good keypad
1	Believe me when iodine allege this I have used and fingered all Nokia ring and the 6600 has the effective keypad
1	Overall I'm incredibly impressed with my new Zen Touch. 
1	Overall I'm improbably impressed with my new Zen Touch. 
1	Overall I'm incredibly impressed with my new Zen rival. 
1	1 ) price / gb of storage 
1	1 ) price / G of storage 
1	1 ) price / gibibyte of storage 
1	but if you 've used a slr 35mm camera , the controls are very intuitive ! 
1	but if you 've used a slr 35mm camera , the see are very nonrational ! 
1	but if you 've victimized a slr 35mm camera , the mastery are very intuitive ! 
0	but this is * not documented * in the zen manual - neither the hard copy nor the cd version . 
0	but this is * not document * in the acid manual - neither the firmly copy nor the cd version . 
0	but this is * not documented * in the zen manual - neither the unvoiced transcript nor the cd reading . 
1	 Best HT upgrade I 've made in over 2 years .
1	 Best HT upgrade I 've get in over two years .
1	 secure HT upgrade I 've made in over II years .
1	 This netbook is exactly what I want for my kids .
1	 This netbook is exactly what I wish for my fry .
1	 This netbook is incisively what I want for my banter .
1	this is a nice feature ( i.e. it 's early in the morning and you rather listen to " easy listening " rather than " heavy metal " - no problem . 
1	this is a nice lineament ( i.einsteinium. it 's early in the morning and you rather listen to " easy hearing " rather than " hard alloy " - no problem . 
1	this is a nice sport ( i.e. it 's other in the sunrise and you rather listen to " gentle listening " rather than " leaden metal " - no problem . 
0	the entire unit was poorly crafted . 
0	the entire unit was badly crafted . 
0	the stallion unit was poorly crafted . 
0	 <p> It 's not lite on weight ... so sad ... I definately recommend it to anyone out there .
0	 <p> IT 's not lite on weight ... so deplorable ... i definately recommend it to anyone out there .
0	 <phosphorus> It 's not calorie-free on weight ... so sad ... 1 definately recommend it to anyone out there .
1	 Lastly , I feel that the speakers were over priced for what I got -LRB- unless there is some inherent benefit in the Bose label that I do n't know of -RRB- .
1	 Lastly , 1 find that the speakers were over priced for what ace find -LRB- unless there is some inherent profit in the Bose label that I do n't cognize of -RRB- .
1	 Lastly , I palpate that the speakers were over priced for what one induce -LRB- unless there is some inherent gain in the Bose label that single do n't live of -RRB- .
0	So far I haven't had so much complaints except that I still haven't mastered how to scandisk when using Internet Security.
0	So far single haven't had so much complaints omit that I silence haven't mastered how to scandisk when using Internet security.
0	therefore far I haven't had so much complaints except that I relieve haven't mastered how to scandisk when habituate Internet protection.
0	after hooking the thing up , i found that it would only played less than 50 % of the dvds i put in it . 
0	after crochet the thing up , i rule that it would only playact less than L % of the dvds i put in it . 
0	after sneak the thing up , i ascertain that it would only diddle less than L % of the dvds i put in it . 
0	The only disappointment so far has been battery life.
0	The only disappointment so far has been battery aliveness.
0	The only disappointment so far has been battery animation.
1	. iTunes-- this is a love-hate relationship program; usually people with Mac like this program than people with a PC, but depending on your computer expertise, this could be a difficult program to use, and it is required for an iPod. 
1	. iTunes-- this is a love-hate relationship broadcast; commonly people with Mac comparable this plan than mass with a PC, but depending on your reckoner expertise, this could be a difficult program to utilise, and it is require for an iPod. 
1	. iTunes-- this is a love-hate relationship program; ordinarily masses with mackintosh care this programme than people with a PC, but depending on your estimator expertise, this could be a difficult program to employment, and it is want for an iPod. 
1	overall , i highly recommend this phone . 
1	overall , i highly recommend this ring . 
1	overall , i highly recommend this sound . 
1	i am very pleased with its quality and durability . 
1	i am very pleased with its caliber and durability . 
1	i am very pleased with its timbre and durability . 
1	The Great And Versatile iPod
1	The large And Versatile iPod
1	The slap-up And Versatile iPod
0	i 'm not willing to accept shoddy construction on something i paid over 250 dollars for . 
0	i 'm not willing to accept misleading building on something i devote over 250 dollars for . 
0	i 'm not willing to admit shoddy construction on something i bear over 250 clam for . 
0	 I 'm not very happy with this machine or Acer .
0	 1 'm not very happy with this automobile or Acer .
0	 ace 'm not very happy with this automobile or Acer .
1	i found it intuitive to use ( i did n't read any documentation for it and was using it successfully within a few minutes ) . 
1	i obtain it intuitive to employ ( i did n't read any certification for it and was using it successfully within a few instant ) . 
1	i recover it nonrational to employment ( i did n't read any documentation for it and was habituate it successfully within a few minutes ) . 
1	its really cool . 
1	its actually cool . 
1	its truly cool . 
1	I first used the router in the free hand mode and liked it a lot.
1	I inaugural used the router in the gratuitous pass mode and liked it a lot.
1	i first used the router in the free mitt mode and liked it a spate.
0	unit took forever since the begiining to recognize and play discs . 
0	unit choose forever since the begiining to recognize and fun discs . 
0	unit make forever since the begiining to recognize and wreak discs . 
1	The screen is clear and readable, and the touch pad works very well, it took me less than a day to get the hang of it, and now I like it better than having to click buttons or fiddle with a separate volume control.  
1	The screen is authorize and readable, and the partake plod works very well, it contract me less than a day to get the hang of it, and now I like it near than having to flick buttons or play with a class volume control.  
1	The screen is unclouded and readable, and the jot launchpad operate very well, it claim me less than a day to gravel the hang of it, and now unity like it better than having to click buttons or fiddle with a fork volume control.  
1	 I believe this are great speakers but you also have to accept the audio capabilities of your Desktop Computer or Laptop , I try this at BestBuy and the sound was perfect for this small speaker , now when I got home and try them on my desktop the sound was ok , I have a Mac and I wanted to avoid installing a sound card since it 's a nightmare to find a fully compatible PCI card , I found a great plug-in for Mac I-tunes , SRS Iwow , after installing the demo I was totally impress by the quality of sound , just a great alternative for mac users .
1	 I believe this are enceinte speakers but you also have to accept the audio capabilities of your Desktop Computer or Laptop , I try this at BestBuy and the legal was pure for this small speaker , now when 1 beget home and try them on my desktop the effectual was ok , unity have a Mac and i wanted to avoid installing a profound carte since it 's a nightmare to get a fully compatible PCI placard , iodine happen a smashing plug-in for Mac I-tunes , SRS Iwow , after installment the demo 1 was totally imprint by the select of vocalise , just a large alternative for mac users .
1	 I believe this are great speakers but you also have to accept the audio capabilities of your Desktop Computer or Laptop , unity taste this at BestBuy and the sound was perfect for this small-scale speaker , now when I produce home and try them on my desktop the fathom was okeh , I have a Mac and ace require to obviate installing a wakeless carte since it 's a nightmare to happen a full compatible PCI carte , I establish a corking plug-in for Mac I-tunes , SRS Iwow , after instal the demo I was totally move by the choice of sound , just a big choice for mac users .
0	however , the creative software is not real intuitive . 
0	however , the creative software is not existent intuitive . 
0	nevertheless , the creative software is not real intuitive . 
0	 The network was down , the Internet connection was gone , and the router was completely unresponsive .
0	 The network was down , the Internet connecter was foregone , and the router was wholly unresponsive .
0	 The network was down , the internet connection was fail , and the router was totally unresponsive .
1	i love this player and would probably go with creative labs again . 
1	i love this player and would belike extend with creative labs again . 
1	i love this thespian and would probably proceed with creative labs again . 
1	 full spectrum sound from full base to great highs .
1	 full spectrum sound from full base to big highs .
1	 full spectrum sound from full home to great highs .
1	with nikon , although picture qualities are as good as any other 4 mp cameras , i 've had the following headaches ; 
1	with nikon , although image tone are as upright as any other 4 mp camera , i 've had the following headaches ; 
1	with nikon , although impression qualities are as respectable as any other 4 mp camera , i 've had the postdate headaches ; 
1	 I am very happy with this product and the price was very reasonable given its features and specifications .
1	 I am very felicitous with this product and the price was very sane hand its features and specifications .
1	 I am very happy with this production and the price was very reasonable feed its features and spec .
1	please consider this much superior piece of equipment before plopping down half a grand for an ipod . 
1	please deal this much superior part of equipment before plop down half a grand for an ipod . 
1	please think this often superior piece of equipment before plopping down half a rattling for an ipod . 
1	i treat the battery well and it has lasted . 
1	i delicacy the battery well and it has lasted . 
1	i treat the battery well and it has endure . 
0	I had some issues when I had enabled WEP encryption and then moved on to WPA. 
0	1 had some issues when one had enabled WEP encryption and then go on to WPA. 
0	I had some number when unity had enabled WEP encryption and then actuate on to WPA. 
0	 There is one very annoying problem with this model though : the keyboard is `` sticky '' - meaning , despite this tablet is brand new and just arrived , when I press and release a key on the keyboard it acts as if I kept it pressed , continuing to type the same character again and again .
0	 There is ane very vexation trouble with this model though : the keyboard is `` sticky '' - signify , despite this tablet is firebrand new and just arrived , when I insistence and release a key on the keyboard it represent as if I kept it crusade , cover to eccentric the same character again and again .
0	 There is one very annoying problem with this exemplar though : the keyboard is `` sticky '' - meaning , despite this tablet is make new and just arrive , when I squeeze and free a headstone on the keyboard it enactment as if I preserve it bid , proceed to type the same character again and again .
0	 You can blame the bad chat support or the repair technicians for that because I gave all the information I could .
0	 You can blame the forged confab endorse or the repair technicians for that because I yield all the information I could .
0	 You can blessed the bad chat patronize or the restore technicians for that because I collapse all the information I could .
1	the software you get with this camera is perfect . 
1	the software you begin with this camera is perfect . 
1	the software you fix with this camera is perfect . 
1	overall , this player is awesome and i definately recommend it . 
1	overall , this musician is awful and i definately recommend it . 
1	overall , this thespian is awe-inspiring and i definately recommend it . 
0	 When the screen was n't contracting or glitching the overall picture quality was poor to fair .
0	 When the screen was n't get or glitching the overall picture quality was piteous to clean .
0	 When the screen was n't reduce or glitching the overall see quality was wretched to fair .
1	overall this is the best phone i have ever owned . 
1	overall this is the dear telephone i have ever owned . 
1	overall this is the skilful telephone i have ever owned . 
1	Handsfree future is good, but not too exciting.
1	Handsfree future is goodness, but not too exciting.
1	Handsfree future is just, but not too exciting.
0	The dynamic range seems not quite as good as the Kodak DC260.
0	The dynamic image seems not quite as practiced as the Kodak DC260.
0	The dynamic roam seems not quite as soundly as the Kodak DC260.
0	enough people have reported that their headphone jack does n't work after a month of using the device to believe that creative has some inbuilt manufacturing or quality control problem . 
0	enough people have describe that their headphone jak does n't sour after a month of using the device to conceive that creative has some inbuilt fabrication or prime control problem . 
0	enough people have reported that their earpiece mariner does n't act after a month of using the device to believe that creative has some inbuilt fabrication or prize contain problem . 
0	the colors on the screen are not as crisp as i 'd have liked them to be . 
0	the colour on the filmdom are not as toast as i 'd have liked them to be . 
0	the tinge on the test are not as chip as i 'd have liked them to be . 
1	Works perfectly with my netgear wireless PCMCIA. 
1	Works perfectly with my netgear radiocommunication PCMCIA. 
1	employment perfectly with my netgear wireless PCMCIA. 
0	 The new router worked well for 2 months after which it had failed .
0	 The fresh router worked swell for 2 months after which it had failed .
0	 The new router forge wellspring for 2 months after which it had failed .
0	 There is no speaker grill to offer any protection to the driver .
0	 There is no verbalizer grill to offer any security to the driver .
0	 There is no verbalizer grillwork to offer any protection to the driver .
1	The best part about this router is now I have a DHCP server. 
1	The practiced parting about this router is now I have a DHCP server. 
1	The substantially part about this router is now I have a DHCP waiter. 
1	 It was a snap to set up and my PS3 , ASUS EEE Netbook , Droid 2 , and PCs all connect without issue .
1	 It was a snap to do up and my PS3 , ASUS EEE Netbook , Droid ii , and PCs all associate without take .
1	 It was a snarl to Seth up and my PS3 , ASUS EEE Netbook , Droid 2 , and PCs all associate without progeny .
1	get it , it 's woth every penny ! ! 
1	scram it , it 's woth every penny ! ! 
1	vex it , it 's woth every penny ! ! 
1	however , for a $ 600 - $ 800 budget , i think this camera is an excellent choice . 
1	however , for a $ 600 - $ 800 budget , i suppose this camera is an excellent prime . 
1	yet , for a $ 600 - $ 800 budget , i retrieve this camera is an excellent choice . 
1	way less expensive than the ipod . 
1	mode less expensive than the ipod . 
1	way less expensive than the iPod . 
1	 Other then that it is a fantastic display for the price .
1	 Other then that it is a grand exhibit for the price .
1	 Other then that it is a wondrous display for the Price .
0	only used for 3 month before it 's down ! 
0	only used for III month before it 's down ! 
0	only utilize for 3 month before it 's down ! 
0	I can NOT find a carrier for this phone I like, end up just tossing it in my purse.
0	I can NOT find a carrier for this phone I ilk, remainder up just pitch it in my purse.
0	I can NOT recover a carrier for this phone I like, close up just tossing it in my bag.
0	 Paid more than what amazon is currently selling this router at -LRB- price depression due to poor quality no doubt -RRB- and expected to get a good quality product ... these random disconnects kills it for me .
0	 Paid more than what amazon is currently deal this router at -LRB- price depression imputable to poor quality no dubiety -RRB- and anticipate to begin a good timber product ... these random unplug kills it for me .
0	 Paid more than what amazon is currently selling this router at -LRB- price depression due to poor timber no dubiousness -RRB- and expected to have a soundly lineament product ... these random gulf down it for me .
1	It feels solid and not flimsy like the carbon.  
1	It feels solid and not flimsy similar the carbon.  
1	It feels solid and not unconvincing like the carbon.  
1	Having done all this, I was quite pleased to see that all corners I needed were decently covered by the signal. 
1	experience done all this, 1 was quite pleased to see that all recess I needed were decently address by the signal. 
1	own set all this, I was quite pleased to watch that all corners I needed were decently covered by the signalize. 
0	after less than 24 hours it turned out to be a huge disappointment , for myself and for my parents , for whom it was a gift . 
0	after less than 24 hour it wrick out to be a Brobdingnagian letdown , for myself and for my parent , for whom it was a gift . 
0	after less than twenty-four hr it grow out to be a huge disappointment , for myself and for my raise , for whom it was a endow . 
1	It's the same body as the popular ELP2 APS camera (take a look at a standard credit card from your wallet and you'll have an idea of the front profile!).
1	It's the same personify as the popular ELP2 APS camera (require a search at a standard recognition bill from your wallet and you'll have an approximation of the front profile!).
1	It's the same soundbox as the popular ELP2 APS camera (claim a flavor at a standard quotation card from your wallet and you'll have an idea of the face visibility!).
1	7 picture quality is excellent . 
1	7 characterization quality is excellent . 
1	7 picture calibre is excellent . 
1	So far (3 weeks), we've had no problems with the Diaper Champ at all.
1	So far (3 weeks), we've had no job with the Diaper chomp at all.
1	thus far (trinity weeks), we've had no problems with the Diaper Champ at all.
1	 Thanks to Amazon 's amazing return policy , I was able to return the product at no loss on my part .
1	 Thanks to Amazon 's gravel deliver policy , I was capable to return the product at no loss on my separate .
1	 Thanks to amazon 's astound return policy , i was able to return the product at no loss on my section .
0	Some more manual control would have been nice. 
0	Some more manual ascendance would have been nice. 
0	Some more manual hold would have been nice. 
0	 Avoid this model like the plague .
0	 Avoid this model like the pestis .
0	 Avoid this simulation like the plague .
1	It has great upgradibility.
1	It has enceinte upgradibility.
1	It has gravid upgradibility.
1	I would however highly recommend the m12v router !
1	I would however highly advocate the m12v router !
1	iodine would however highly recommend the m12v router !
0	I simply hate Symantec. I swear, if I could have physically ripped that software out of my computer with my bare, bleeding hands, I would have.
0	I simply hate Symantec. I depose, if I could have physically ripped that software out of my computer with my barren, phlebotomize mitt, one would have.
0	I simply hate Symantec. ane depone, if single could have physically ripped that software out of my computer with my publicise, bleeding hands, ane would have.
0	in other words , the zen is not a convenient data storage device ; only buy the capacity you need for your music collection ( see point 1. for some sizing information ) . 
0	in other Word , the zen is not a convenient data storage device ; only buy the capacity you pauperization for your music collection ( attend indicate 1. for some sizing data ) . 
0	in other words , the Zen is not a convenient data storage device ; only buy the capacity you need for your music compendium ( encounter channelize 1. for some sizing info ) . 
0	The Battery does not last 12 hours.  
0	The Battery does not end 12 hours.  
0	The Battery does not last dozen hours.  
0	  My only complaint (really more of an observation) is that the outside finish of the iPod is rather delicate, so I am going to get a case for mine so it doesn't get all scratched up. 
0	  My only complaint (really more of an observation) is that the alfresco cultivation of the iPod is rather delicate, so I am become to bring a lawsuit for mine so it doesn't mother all inscribe up. 
0	  My only complaint (really more of an watching) is that the outside complete of the iPod is rather delicate, so I am last to father a incase for mine so it doesn't flummox all scratch up. 
0	However, Symantec has taken a significant turn for the worse with this release.
0	However, Symantec has hold a significant turn for the high-risk with this release.
0	However, Symantec has make a significant crook for the worse with this release.
1	Works pretty well. 
1	Works passably well. 
1	wreak pretty well. 
1	This did manage to cut the number of popups during start-up from 4 down to 2.
1	This did grapple to excision the number of popups during start-up from iv down to 2.
1	This did negociate to thinned the numerate of popups during start-up from 4 down to 2.
1	For the price I think this is a remarkably fun MP3 player.
1	For the price iodin recall this is a remarkably fun MP3 player.
1	For the price single conceive this is a remarkably fun MP3 player.
1	there were a few attractive features , such as the small size and the layout of the remote . 
1	there were a few attractive feature , such as the small-scale size and the layout of the outback . 
1	there were a few attractive lineament , such as the humble sizing and the layout of the remote . 
0	The instructions would benefit from some improvement and it would help if the RPMs of the speed settings were mentioned.
0	The instructions would benefit from some improvement and it would assist if the RPMs of the hurry setting were mention.
0	The statement would benefit from some improvement and it would assistant if the RPMs of the velocity mount were mentioned.
1	putting in MP3 player, lots of games and application to download.
1	put in MP3 player, wad of games and application to download.
1	putting in MP3 player, stacks of gage and application to download.
0	 Someday , your going to need support , and Acer 's technical support department is the next to worthless .
0	 Someday , your going to want support , and Acer 's technical bear section is the next to worthless .
0	 Someday , your pass to need brook , and Acer 's technical funding department is the next to worthless .
0	I find this feature on this phone useless, but, since I don't really need this function anyway, I don't really use it.
0	I witness this feature on this phone useless, but, since I don't genuinely need this function anyway, I don't real employ it.
0	iodin witness this feature on this phone useless, but, since I don't really penury this mapping anyway, I don't really use it.
0	You can "disable" some of the individual components, but don't be fooled--they're still there and running.
0	You can "disable" some of the case-by-case components, but don't be fooled--they're placid there and incline.
0	You can "disable" some of the person components, but don't be fooled--they're however there and operate.
1	excellent range of metering options as well . 
1	excellent drift of metering options as well . 
1	excellent range of metering options as intimately . 
1	Songs transfer lightning fast, and the two batteries that came in my box give me 24 hours of listen time. 
1	Songs transference lightning fast, and the two batteries that follow in my box grant me 24 hours of listen meter. 
1	vocal transfer lightning truehearted, and the two batteries that amount in my box reach me 24 hours of listen time. 
1	this radio receives fairly decent reception but not nearly as good as a normal radio , but as long as the stations are coming in clearly the phone 's radio should work perfectly . 
1	this radio encounter fairly decent reception but not nearly as secure as a normal tuner , but as long as the stations are advent in clearly the phone 's tuner should function perfectly . 
1	this radio receives fairly decent response but not nearly as respectable as a normal tuner , but as foresightful as the stations are arrive in clearly the phone 's radio should mould perfectly . 
0	This phone is not suitable for fast people, maybe only for old people.
0	This phone is not desirable for flying people, maybe only for old people.
0	This phone is not suitable for fast multitude, maybe only for Old people.
1	 Great replacement at great price for an older bulky and heavy monitor .
1	 peachy replacement at great price for an erstwhile bulky and heavy monitor .
1	 smashing replacement at great price for an older bulky and labored monitor .
0	sure , it 's a little bigger than the ipod , but not by much . 
0	sure , it 's a piffling large than the ipod , but not by much . 
0	sure , it 's a trivial larger than the ipod , but not by much . 
1	manual functionality is excellent , downloading pictures is quick and a breeze , and the quality is astounding . 
1	manual functionality is excellent , downloading depict is quick and a air , and the choice is astounding . 
1	manual functionality is excellent , downloading render is prompt and a breeze , and the prime is astounding . 
1	I have a Canon A 70 , and now this SD500, its amazing, how this little camera produces, such great pics, it even brings out ur pimples on the face. 
1	I have a Canon A 70 , and now this SD500, its amazing, how this minuscule camera make, such slap-up pics, it evening brings out ur pimples on the present. 
1	I have a Canon A 70 , and now this SD500, its flummox, how this footling camera produce, such gravid pics, it even land out ur pimples on the face. 
1	 I am above average with technical knowledge but it is easy enough for the beginner to set up .
1	 I am above average with technical cognition but it is soft enough for the beginner to coif up .
1	 I am above norm with technical knowledge but it is gentle enough for the beginner to do up .
0	the catch with the canon g3 camera , ( and perhaps all of digital cameras ) is that its unresponsiveness will cause you to miss precious shots . 
0	the becharm with the canon g3 camera , ( and perhaps all of digital cameras ) is that its unresponsiveness will cause you to omit cute guessing . 
0	the get with the canon g3 camera , ( and possibly all of digital cameras ) is that its unresponsiveness will grounds you to miss preciously shots . 
1	It's a highly rated, KICK ASS firewall program that's bundled with the venerable Norton AntiVirus, plus extras (like Norton AntiSpam & Norton Parental Control) that make this security suite a must-have for people who have broadband internet access.
1	It's a highly rate, KICK rump firewall program that's cluster with the venerable Norton AntiVirus, addition extras (similar Norton AntiSpam & Norton Parental Control) that reach this security retinue a must-have for people who have broadband internet access.
1	It's a highly rate, rush keister firewall program that's bundled with the august Norton AntiVirus, asset extras (like Norton AntiSpam & Norton Parental Control) that form this security suite a must-have for people who have broadband internet admission.
1	the player looked good right out of the box , offering lots of features and good styling . 
1	the player looked good right out of the box , provide lots of have and upright styling . 
1	the player see good ripe out of the box , offering lots of features and safe styling . 
1	they look fantastic . 
1	they flavour fantastic . 
1	they reckon fantastic . 
1	I recently had to run a 3/4" straight bit through hard maple to make a deep dado and was amazed that this machine didn't even slow down.
1	I recently had to bunk a 3/4" straight mo through hard maple to throw a deep dado and was gravel that this machine didn't even tiresome down.
1	I recently had to function a 3/4" unbent bit through hard maple to make a deep dado and was amazed that this car didn't flush easy down.
0	what the g3 raw image software gives you is a fantasy world designed to please the uncritical . 
0	what the g3 bare-ass figure software gives you is a fantasise world designed to please the uncritical . 
0	what the g3 raw effigy software gives you is a phantasy domain designed to please the uncritical . 
0	Even on the LOW sensitivy level, a slight touch can skip or pause the track.  
0	level on the LOW sensitivy degree, a slight touch can skip or pause the cover.  
0	regular on the low-down sensitivy rase, a slight touch can skip or pause the track.  
0	After research of other creative hard drive players, i found that most of them aren't very durable and tend to crash (read most reviews on amazon.com and see for yourself). 
0	after research of other creative arduous drive players, i feel that most of them aren't very indestructible and tend to clangour (read most reviews on amazon.com and construe for yourself). 
0	afterward research of other creative heavy labor players, i notice that most of them aren't very durable and tend to crash (read most revaluation on amazon.com and consider for yourself). 
1	the software has n't been a hassle for me at all . 
1	the package has n't been a chivy for me at all . 
1	the package has n't been a molest for me at all . 
1	i am stunned and amazed at the quality of the raw images i am getting from this g3 ( in conjunction with my professional flash system ) , and can easily put up with the cameras limitations , because ive never seen anything better within its resolution limits . 
1	i am stunned and amazed at the timbre of the altogether epitome i am father from this g3 ( in junction with my professional garish system ) , and can easily put up with the cameras limitations , because ive never picture anything better within its resolution bound . 
1	i am stupefy and amazed at the quality of the sensitive persona i am dumbfound from this g3 ( in conjunction with my professional tawdry system ) , and can easily put up with the cameras limitations , because ive never examine anything undecomposed within its resolve limits . 
1	overall this has been my favorite phone that i have owned . 
1	boilersuit this has been my favorite phone that i have have . 
1	overall this has been my pet telephone that i have owned . 
1	I have the black one and adore it. 
1	I have the bootleg one and adore it. 
1	I have the pitch-dark one and adore it. 
1	 The sound this slim design puts out !!
1	 The sound this slenderize design puts out !!
1	 The sound this slim design frame out !!
1	All in all I am pleased with the router.
1	All in all I am delight with the router.
1	wholly in all I am pleased with the router.
1	it 's size also makes it ideal for travel . 
1	it 's size also makes it ideal for travelling . 
1	it 's size also produce it ideal for travel . 
0	but for now it appears that this player does n't play well with itunes . 
0	but for now it appears that this instrumentalist does n't wager well with itunes . 
0	but for now it look that this player does n't play swell with itunes . 
0	My biggest concern is that I have found Nokia phones lower quality construction to lead to lower prices, but they also don't last as long.
0	My biggest concern is that 1 have plant Nokia phones broken quality construction to lead to downcast prices, but they too don't last as long.
0	My grown concern is that I have encounter Nokia headphone lower quality construction to chair to lower prices, but they also don't concluding as long.
1	Very simple and painless.
1	Very elementary and painless.
1	Very mere and painless.
1	I have no problems with the touch pad (once the sensitivity is set to low) and the interface is a breeze to use without even looking at the PDF manual.  
1	I have no problems with the affect digs (once the sensitivity is put to low) and the interface is a zephyr to utilization without even see at the PDF manual.  
1	iodine have no problems with the touch bolster (once the predisposition is sic to small) and the interface is a breeze to utilize without even looking at the PDF manual.  
1	 If you are concerned about looks , get these .
1	 If you are concerned about looks , receive these .
1	 If you are concerned about looks , stupefy these .
1	I compared it to other CD players (Two models of Panasonic, Rio & samsung) and they were no way even near Zen Micro.  
1	I compared it to other CD musician (Two mold of Panasonic, Rio & samsung) and they were no fashion level near Zen Micro.  
1	single compared it to other CD musician (Two pose of Panasonic, Rio & samsung) and they were no way even near acid Micro.  
0	i must have heard this about a dozen times over the span of 2 weeks , when t-zones never worked . 
0	i must have heard this about a xii times over the couplet of 2 weeks , when t-zones never run . 
0	i mustiness have heard this about a dozen times over the distich of 2 weeks , when t-zones never mold . 
1	If I had to do it over again, even with the cost savings of using any type of bag, I would go w/ the Diaper Genie.
1	If I had to do it over again, even with the cost salve of using any type of bag, one would exit w/ the nappy djinni.
1	If I had to do it over again, flush with the cost keep of utilise any type of bag, I would exit double-u/ the Diaper Genie.
1	Creative did an awesome job with the design. 
1	Creative did an awesome Job with the design. 
1	Creative did an awesome problem with the design. 
0	-- > does not recognize player at random times , despite being connected and displaying player 's library . 
0	-- > does not accredit musician at random times , despite being connected and display player 's library . 
0	-- > does not spot player at random clip , despite being connected and displaying musician 's library . 
1	First, I have to say that I have NEVER had the slightest problem with this camera or the software.
1	outset, I have to say that iodine have never had the slightest problem with this camera or the software.
1	start, iodine have to enounce that I have NEVER had the slightest problem with this camera or the software.
0	I dont use the belt clip cuz it fails to hold the player securely (design problem). 
0	I dont use the belt clip cuz it break to check the player securely (designing problem). 
0	I dont use the whang clip cuz it flunk to guard the player securely (design problem). 
1	 My house is small , so it 's hard to judge the real strenght of the product through a lot of walls , but in my house the product worked perfectly in all rooms and corners , with no signal interruptions .
1	 My house is humble , so it 's hard to judge the really strenght of the product through a band of walls , but in my house the product run absolutely in all suite and corners , with no betoken interruptions .
1	 My sign is small-scale , so it 's voiceless to judge the real strenght of the merchandise through a administer of surround , but in my house the product lick perfectly in all rooms and corners , with no signal interruptions .
0	if you do n't have tags , it 'll lump all of your tracks into the same directory and they cannot be searched via artist or album as the zen does not recognize folders . 
0	if you do n't have trail , it 'll chunk all of your rail into the same directory and they cannot be research via artist or album as the pane does not discern folders . 
0	if you do n't have trail , it 'll lump all of your trail into the same directory and they cannot be seek via artist or album as the Elvis does not recognise brochure . 
0	what is added in functionality ( battery replacement ) detracts in build quality as the face plate is prone to popping off . 
0	what is added in functionality ( battery replacement ) detracts in frame quality as the look plateful is prone to start off . 
0	what is bring in functionality ( barrage replacement ) detracts in shape quality as the face denture is prone to popping off . 
1	i uploaded the drivers and new software in 15 minutes - no crashes or problems . 
1	i uploaded the drivers and new software in 15 mo - no clangor or problems . 
1	i uploaded the drivers and new software in 15 transactions - no crashes or problem . 
0	 Conclusion : I was ready to pay the shipping to return the speakers the day I got them .
0	 Conclusion : I was ready to pay the shipping to takings the speakers the day iodine receive them .
0	 end : I was ready to pay the ship to pass the speakers the day I got them .
0	-- > will not automatically transfer songs with identical titles ( if you have live albums or greatest hits albums , this will cause you inordinate frustration ). 
0	-- > will not automatically transfer songs with identical rubric ( if you have live albums or superlative dispatch albums , this will suit you inordinate frustration ). 
0	-- > will not automatically transportation songs with identical rubric ( if you have springy albums or outstanding hits albums , this will cause you inordinate frustration ). 
1	 This sleek looking monitor is absolutely awesome !!
1	 This sleek attend monitor is absolutely awesome !!
1	 This sleek seem monitor is absolutely awesome !!
0	however , my hard drive did fail , and i have not dropped it once . 
0	however , my hard aim did betray , and i have not dropped it once . 
0	however , my hard take did fail , and i have not devolve it once . 
1	For the money, I'm not sure you can do better.
1	For the money, I'm not certainly you can do break.
1	For the money, I'm not certainly you can do unspoilt.
0	i try navigating to a chapter past 34 via the menu and it would n't do it ! 
0	i prove navigating to a chapter preceding 34 via the card and it would n't do it ! 
0	i sample sail to a chapter retiring 34 via the menu and it would n't do it ! 
1	Don't worry this player rocks.  
1	Don't worry this instrumentalist rocks.  
1	Don't worry this participant rocks.  
1	Other than that, the simbian series 60 OS is great and offers lots of proprietary software that will work on your phone if you're willing to hunt for it.
1	Other than that, the simbian series lx OS is cracking and offers peck of proprietary software that will influence on your telephone if you're willing to hunt for it.
1	early than that, the simbian series sixty O is great and offers scores of proprietary software that will forge on your phone if you're willing to hunt for it.
1	It works with a minimum of fuss.
1	It mold with a minimum of fuss.
1	It works with a minimum of pettifoggery.
0	 The incoming call volume is incredibly low and it is often difficult to hear my customers -LRB- it was so bad I had my hearing tested because I thought something was wrong with me .
0	 The incoming call bulk is implausibly humbled and it is often difficult to hear my customers -LRB- it was so sorry I had my audition tested because I think something was wrong with me .
0	 The incoming call volume is incredibly Low and it is often unmanageable to try my customers -LRB- it was so bad iodin had my listen tested because I thought something was improper with me .
0	they claim to respond in a 24 hour period yet it 's been 2 weeks without a reply . 
0	they arrogate to answer in a 24 hour period yet it 's been 2 weeks without a answer . 
0	they claim to reply in a 24 hour flow heretofore it 's been 2 weeks without a reply . 
1	it really is an awesome camera that is hard to beat for general-to moderate snapping . 
1	it really is an awesome camera that is heavy to outfox for general-to moderate shoot . 
1	it really is an awesome camera that is intemperately to overreach for general-to check snapping . 
1	best in class. 
1	best in category. 
1	effective in class. 
1	 They sound wonderful the only issue is where to put them when I move around .
1	 They sound marvelous the only supply is where to commit them when I move around .
1	 They sound wonderful the only exit is where to commit them when I locomote around .
1	This is a fantastic tool to use.
1	This is a fantastic tool to employment.
1	This is a wondrous tool to use.
1	FM transmitter (belkin has a good one) to use Zen with your car Sterio FM Tunner   Latest Find: Connected this baby to my $3800 audiophile audio system and it produced clean sound compared to Ipod. 
1	FM transmitter (belkin has a just ace) to practice Zen with your car Sterio FM Tunner   former obtain: Connected this baby to my $3800 audiophile audio system and it produced plum phone compared to Ipod. 
1	FM transmitter (belkin has a undecomposed one) to employ Zen with your car Sterio FM Tunner   Latest Find: colligate this spoil to my $3800 audiophile audio scheme and it produced fairly level-headed compared to Ipod. 
1	but , dollar for dollar , this dvd player is probably the best out there . 
1	but , dollar for dollar , this dvd player is belike the outdo out there . 
1	but , dollar for dollar , this dvd player is plausibly the right out there . 
1	 I especially love the ` remote ' controller stand with it 's big volume knob and simple selector buttons .
1	 I especially eff the ` remote ' controller pedestal with it 's big volume knob and simple selector push .
1	 I especially love the ` remote ' control standpoint with it 's big volume knob and unsubdivided selector buttons .
0	 Do n't buy this monitor !
0	 Do n't bargain this monitor !
0	 act n't buy this monitor !
1	It's still alive, still kicking, and still playing.   
1	It's still alive, still kicking, and lull playing.   
1	It's still alive, still kicking, and still playacting.   
0	 I started accessing and transfering files to find it to be extremely SLOW .
0	 I started accessing and transfer files to ascertain it to be extremely SLOW .
0	 I started accessing and transfering register to bump it to be extremely SLOW .
0	the reason i rated it a four is because of that darn diopter adjustment dial. its very small and hard to turn so you can 't get an accurate adjustment ( for those of you who do n't know what a diopter adjustment is , it is to adjust the focus of the viewfinder to your eyesight . ) 
0	the conclude i snitch it a four is because of that darn diopter readjustment dial. its very minuscule and surd to round so you can 't vex an accurate registration ( for those of you who do n't recognise what a diopter adjustment is , it is to adjust the sharpen of the viewfinder to your seeing . ) 
0	the ground i denounce it a foursome is because of that mend diopter adjustment dial. its very lowly and intemperately to release so you can 't fetch an accurate allowance ( for those of you who do n't know what a diopter registration is , it is to adjust the focalise of the viewfinder to your eyesight . ) 
0	Also, diapers and wipes get stuck in the grove below the piston.
0	Also, diapers and wipes pose flummox in the grove below the piston.
0	Also, diapers and wipes suffer sting in the grove below the piston.
1	the software installed flawlessly and without any problems on my windows 2k machine . 
1	the software install flawlessly and without any problems on my window 2k machine . 
1	the software installed flawlessly and without any job on my windows 2k automobile . 
1	 It was really easy to set up out of the box and I got all my wireless devices -LRB- 2 laptops , 1 desktop and 2 smartphones -RRB- connected to the internet in minutes .
1	 It was really easy to dictated up out of the corner and single mother all my wireless devices -LRB- 2 laptops , I desktop and deuce smartphones -RRB- connected to the internet in minutes .
1	 It was really slowly to Seth up out of the box and 1 nonplus all my wireless devices -LRB- 2 laptops , ane desktop and two smartphones -RRB- connected to the internet in minutes .
1	The optical and digital zooms combine to give an effective 4x zoom.
1	The optical and digital whizz combine to founder an effective 4x zoom.
1	The optical and digital zooms commingle to collapse an effective 4x zoom.
1	 This really is a laptop in a small form .
1	 This really is a laptop in a small forge .
1	 This really is a laptop in a small mold .
0	My old Siemens s56, on the other hand, worked beautifully with all of the above.
0	My onetime Siemens s56, on the other handwriting, cultivate beautifully with all of the above.
0	My sometime Siemens s56, on the other paw, shape beautifully with all of the above.
1	 I thought it might possibly be the modem or ISP until I hooked the old trusty Linksys back up to it and it worked fine .
1	 I opine it might possibly be the modem or ISP until I sneak the old trusty Linksys hinder up to it and it process exquisitely .
1	 unity thought it might possibly be the modem or ISP until i thieve the honest-to-god trusty Linksys rear up to it and it worked fine .
1	I have had no problem either with backward compatiaibility, in that the "mixed mode" feature lets you both 54 and 11 Mb cards off the router.     
1	iodin have had no problem either with backward compatiaibility, in that the "motley mode" characteristic lets you both liv and 11 Mb board off the router.     
1	one have had no problem either with backwards compatiaibility, in that the "fuse fashion" feature lets you both 54 and 11 Mb add-in off the router.     
1	first of all the player 's sound quality is superior to the ipod . 
1	commencement of all the participant 's sound quality is superior to the ipod . 
1	first of all the player 's profound quality is master to the ipod . 
1	sound settings can be adjusted for personal preference . 
1	sound context can be adjusted for personal preference . 
1	sound settings can be adjust for personal preference . 
1	I'll be getting a second one for my router table!
1	I'll be generate a second unmatched for my router table!
1	I'll be scram a second unmatchable for my router table!
1	the picture is clear , bright and sharp and the sound is good . 
1	the picture is clear , bright and penetrative and the reasoned is good . 
1	the picture is enlighten , bright and shrewd and the sound is good . 
0	I even downloaded the product's user manual - useless. 
0	I evening downloaded the product's user manual - useless. 
0	ane even downloaded the product's user manual - useless. 
1	You can turn this phone into a gaming machine, a camcorder or a digital camera, an mp3-player, a movie viewer, a voice recorder, a personal secretary, a GPS map browser, a book, a multifunction remote controller, practically everything that you can do with the computer, plus it is a phone(!!) and also you can carry it in your pocket :).
1	You can crook this sound into a gaming machine, a camcorder or a digital camera, an mp3-player, a movie spectator, a vocalism recorder, a personal secretary, a GPS function browser, a record, a multifunction outback accountant, practically everything that you can do with the computer, plus it is a phone(!!) and likewise you can acquit it in your scoop :).
1	You can plough this earpiece into a gaming machine, a camcorder or a digital camera, an mp3-player, a movie viewer, a representative registrar, a personal secretary, a GPS map browser, a script, a multifunction remote accountant, practically everything that you can do with the calculator, positive it is a telephone(!!) and also you can behave it in your pouch :).
1	great sound ; good interface ; replaceable , powerful battery ; good software ; wake-up , sleep timers ; multiple play modes 
1	great well-grounded ; salutary interface ; replaceable , powerful battery ; good software ; wake-up , sleep timers ; multiple trifle modes 
1	swell well-grounded ; good interface ; replaceable , powerful battery ; good software ; wake-up , sleep timers ; multiple fiddle modes 
1	I was looking for a phone which synced with Mac OSX using Bluetooth, had decent battery life, could check email, had good reception, nice screen size and was durable (I break often break small gadgets)
1	I was looking for a phone which synchronize with Mac OSX habituate Bluetooth, had decent bombardment life, could chip email, had skilful reception, nice screen size and was durable (I break often gap lowly gadgets)
1	I was seem for a telephone which synced with mac OSX using Bluetooth, had decent battery life, could gibe email, had just reception, nice screen size and was durable (I give often soften small gadgets)
0	yes there is a corner lens barrel distortion ( i do n't like it too but no harm done since i always use the camea lcd screen to see exactly what i 'm going to get ) in the viewfinder when you do n't zoom ( when you zoom the lens distortion goes away ) , canon knows this and engineered it that way to minimize the parallax phenomenon ; that is what lmost exactly ot the picture . 
0	yes there is a corner lens barrel deformation ( i do n't comparable it too but no injury done since i always usance the camea lcd screenland to escort exactly what i 'm choke to come ) in the viewfinder when you do n't zoom ( when you zoom the lens aberration locomote by ) , canon jazz this and engineered it that way to minimize the parallax phenomenon ; that is what lmost incisively ot the movie . 
0	yes there is a niche lens barrel distortion ( i do n't like it too but no harm manage since i always apply the camea lcd filmdom to watch exactly what i 'm survive to sustain ) in the viewfinder when you do n't zoom ( when you zoom the lens twisting crack aside ) , canyon experience this and orchestrate it that style to minimize the parallax phenomenon ; that is what lmost exactly ot the picture . 
1	 The sound became instantly clear again .
1	 The sound get instantly clear again .
1	 The well-grounded became instantly clear again .
1	From the Internet, woodworking books, local stores and personal opinions the Hitachi M12V 3-1/4 HP router time and time again came up to be the router of choice or best for its price.
1	From the Internet, woodworking Koran, local storehouse and personal opinion the Hitachi M12V 3-1/iv HP router time and time again came up to be the router of selection or right for its price.
1	From the cyberspace, woodworking record, local stores and personal ruling the Hitachi M12V 3-1/4 HP router time and time again fare up to be the router of pick or comfortably for its price.
1	 And it 's sleek and sexy looking as well .
1	 And it 's sleek and sexy look as well .
1	 And it 's sleek and sexy see as well .
1	all my questions or problems have been quickly and satisfactorily resolved . 
1	all my interrogate or problems have been quickly and satisfactorily settle . 
1	all my interview or problems have been apace and satisfactorily resolved . 
0	The only reason for not giving it 5 stars: the claimed battery life of 12 hours is very optimistic - possible maybe if you really sit down and listen continuously for 12 hours without ever touching the player, but in real life I can probably get 6-8 hours at most. 
0	The only grounds for not bountiful it 5 stars: the claimed battery life of twelve hours is very optimistic - possible maybe if you really pose down and listen continuously for 12 hr without ever poignant the player, but in real life one can credibly stick 6-8 hours at most. 
0	The only understanding for not reach it 5 whiz: the claimed battery biography of 12 hours is very optimistic - possible maybe if you really posture down and listen ceaselessly for 12 hours without ever affect the thespian, but in real life I can probably experience 6-8 hours at most. 
0	focusing on a display rack about 20 feet away in a brightly lit room during day time , pictures produced by this camera were blurry and in a shade of orange . 
0	focalize on a display wheel about XX fundament away in a brightly illuminated room during day time , movie produced by this camera were blurry and in a shade of orange . 
0	pore on a expose rack about 20 feet by in a brightly well-lighted room during day time , envision produced by this camera were fuzzy and in a shade of orange . 
1	my friends were impressed with the quality of the pictures i took ! 
1	my friends were impressed with the tone of the delineation i took ! 
1	my friends were print with the calibre of the pictures i took ! 
0	 Sometimes the system would hang , so I would have to restart the router , then get going again .
0	 Sometimes the system would cling , so 1 would have to re-start the router , then get going again .
0	 Sometimes the system would hang , so I would have to re-start the router , then stick pass again .
0	The problems I had installing Norton extended way beyond what Symantec should reasonably expect the public to deal with.
0	The problems I had installing Norton elongated way beyond what Symantec should pretty expect the public to heap with.
0	The problems ace had installing Norton go way beyond what Symantec should reasonably expect the public to wad with.
1	1 . i achieved my basic objective ; my entire cd collection is on a portable device with lots of room to store more . 
1	1 . i achieve my basic objective ; my entire Cd aggregation is on a portable device with batch of room to store more . 
1	1 . i achieved my basic objective ; my entire cd aggregation is on a portable twist with flock of room to shop more . 
1	the lcd is larger than the previous model , the nx , and has a bright blue backlight which illuminates the screen more successfully than the nx 's green backlight did . 
1	the lcd is enceinte than the previous example , the nx , and has a bright puritanical backlight which illuminates the riddle more successfully than the nx 's greenish backlight did . 
1	the lcd is larger than the previous mold , the nx , and has a brilliantly blueness backlight which light the screen more successfully than the nx 's jet backlight did . 
1	this is the best phone i have seen . 
1	this is the best earpiece i have seen . 
1	this is the trump phone i have seen . 
0	the menu options are uncreative , as you can 't see a full screen of menu items to pick from ; you have to scroll up and down to find what you 're looking for ( yes , this is minor , but not when you 're trying to keep your eye on the road ! ) . 
0	the card option are uncreative , as you can 't encounter a full blind of carte items to clean from ; you have to scroll up and down to find what you 're await for ( yes , this is child , but not when you 're judge to proceed your eye on the road ! ) . 
0	the menu options are uncreative , as you can 't watch a full-of-the-moon screenland of menu item to plectron from ; you have to scroll up and down to receive what you 're await for ( yes , this is minor , but not when you 're hear to donjon your eyeball on the road ! ) . 
1	Five gigabytes is plenty for my great albums. 
1	Five gigabytes is flock for my great albums. 
1	Five gigabytes is plenty for my dandy albums. 
1	possibly the biggest advantage this player has ( if price was n't enough ) is the fact that the user can replace the battery him / herself by opening the lid and popping in the new battery . 
1	maybe the handsome advantage this player has ( if price was n't plenty ) is the fact that the user can replace the bombardment him / herself by initiative the lid and start in the new battery . 
1	perchance the giving advantage this player has ( if price was n't plenty ) is the fact that the user can replace the battery him / herself by initiative the lid and popping in the fresh bombardment . 
0	otherwise , it is difficult to figure out and awkward . 
0	otherwise , it is difficult to cypher out and awkward . 
0	otherwise , it is difficult to name out and awkward . 
1	Although it has chubby hips, the device isn't really so big.
1	Although it has chubby hips, the device isn't rattling so great.
1	Although it has chubby rosehip, the device isn't rattling so big.
1	it works great . 
1	it workplace great . 
1	it works swell . 
1	the more i work with it , the more i love it ! 
1	the more i run with it , the more i dearest it ! 
1	the more i shape with it , the more i know it ! 
1	it makes up for this by being extremely easy to use with well laid out controls that can be learned quickly . 
1	it have up for this by being extremely easy to use with well repose out insure that can be learned apace . 
1	it shuffle up for this by being extremely tardily to employment with well laid out ascendency that can be learned quickly . 
1	I love this product!
1	1 love this product!
1	single love this product!
0	it sends discoutinous signals to tv , so the tv has the pictures for one moment and has only the white noise for the other moment . 
0	it sends discoutinous signaling to tv , so the tv has the pictures for ane mo and has only the white stochasticity for the other instant . 
0	it transmit discoutinous betoken to tv , so the tv has the video for 1 minute and has only the white noise for the other moment . 
0	- the software that came with it was tough to load . 
0	- the software that came with it was sturdy to payload . 
0	- the software that do with it was sturdy to load . 
1	another good thing is that this camera seems to introduce much less noise in dark places than others i 've seen . 
1	another effective thing is that this camera seems to introduce lots less noise in dark aim than others i 've look . 
1	another good thing is that this camera seems to enter much less randomness in drear property than others i 've seen . 
0	The pictures are a little dark sometimes.
0	The figure are a little dark sometimes.
0	The pictures are a little dreary sometimes.
1	If you love your cell phone games or changing your ring tones everyday, Nokia beats everyone else.
1	If you hump your cell earpiece games or changing your ring tones everyday, Nokia stick everyone else.
1	If you lovemaking your cell phone games or changing your ring feel everyday, Nokia flap everyone else.
1	Another good feature is that you can charge the battery by just connecting the player to your computer using the USB cable.  
1	Another just feature is that you can charge the bombardment by just connecting the player to your computer expend the USB telegraph.  
1	Another salutary feature is that you can kick the battery by just unite the player to your computer practice the USB cable.  
0	i had to return the remote on this product because it appeared to be defective . 
0	i had to regress the remote on this ware because it look to be defective . 
0	i had to rejoin the removed on this intersection because it appeared to be defective . 
0	 I tried these speakers and found them to preform well below expectations for this price .
0	 I tried these Speaker and find them to preform well below expectations for this cost .
0	 iodin well-tried these speakers and chance them to preform well below expectations for this price .
1	There is an open-source firmware on the net which has tons of extra features.  
1	There is an open-source firmware on the meshwork which has scads of extra features.  
1	There is an open-source firmware on the net which has ton of spare features.  
0	Two, the single wrench just doesn't work well.
0	Two, the one wrench just doesn't work well.
0	Two, the single wrench just doesn't exercise well.
1	i use it primarily in the provided protective case although i have dropped it about 3 feet from my desk ( by accident ) as well as have played it outdoors in - 30 fahrenheit weather ( by design ) and it has continued to work fine . 
1	i consumption it primarily in the provided protective character although i have pretermit it about 3 foot from my desk ( by accident ) as easily as have played it outdoors in - 30 fahrenheit weather ( by purpose ) and it has proceed to exploit fine . 
1	i employment it primarily in the provided protective shell although i have dismiss it about tierce feet from my desk ( by accident ) as comfortably as have wreak it outdoors in - 30 fahrenheit weather ( by design ) and it has continued to cultivate delicately . 
1	The log functions helps you track down the incoming , outgoing calls in the most easy of ways.
1	The log functions helps you rails down the incoming , outgoing call in the most well-to-do of ways.
1	The lumber functions helps you cover down the incoming , surpass calls in the most easy of ways.
1	 This is a plus with this netbook , the increased size of 1.6 inches means better and clear view of webpages and woks made in Office .
1	 This is a plus with this netbook , the increased size of single.6 inches means unspoiled and clear survey of webpages and wok give in Office .
1	 This is a plus with this netbook , the increased size of unity.sestet inches means ripe and vindicated view of webpages and woks cause in Office .
1	i purchased this phone for just 50 $ and there is no end to what i can do with it . 
1	i buy this phone for just fifty $ and there is no terminal to what i can do with it . 
1	i purchase this call for just 50 $ and there is no oddment to what i can do with it . 
1	the macro mode is exceptional , the pictures are very clear and you can take the pictures with the lens unbelievably close the subject . 
1	the macro mode is exceptional , the flick are very pass and you can hold the pictures with the lens unbelievably close the submit . 
1	the macro mode is exceptional , the pictures are very clear and you can postulate the scene with the lens implausibly close the dependent . 
1	i do like this phone overall ( would give it a 3.5 ) , but unforutnately , i am returning it . 
1	i do like this earphone overall ( would devote it a 3.pentad ) , but unforutnately , i am returning it . 
1	i do like this phone overall ( would establish it a 3.Phoebe ) , but unforutnately , i am rejoin it . 
1	 The memory is not really hard to upgrade .
1	 The memory is not really hard to acclivity .
1	 The memory is not really severe to upgrade .
0	the only downside i see is that it does n't look like you can manage playlists from the nomad , it has to be done from the computer . 
0	the only downside i figure is that it does n't await alike you can manage playlists from the nomad , it has to be cause from the figurer . 
0	the only downside i see is that it does n't smell similar you can wield playlists from the nomad , it has to be come from the reckoner . 
1	the memory card fit nicely since i also have a pocket pc and it automatically installed a picture software on my pda wolla . 
1	the memory board agree nicely since i also have a sack pc and it automatically install a picture software on my pda wolla . 
1	the memory card fit nicely since i besides have a pocket pc and it automatically instal a video software on my PDA wolla . 
0	 I guess I do n't have to mention that I do not recommend this product , that I most likely will return it and keep my fingers off Cisco\/Linksys stuff in future .
0	 iodin guess ane do n't have to acknowledgment that 1 do not recommend this product , that I most likely will return it and celebrate my fingers off Cisco\/Linksys material in future .
0	 one speculation I do n't have to mention that I do not recommend this product , that iodin most likely will yield it and restrain my fingers off Cisco\/Linksys squeeze in future .
0	kind of bulky and the wheel is awkward , but i can deal with that . 
0	kind of bulky and the pedal is awkward , but i can heap with that . 
0	kind of bulky and the wheel is cumbersome , but i can lot with that . 
1	i am enjoying my phone a lot .... 
1	i am enjoying my phone a batch .... 
1	i am enjoying my phone a set .... 
1	When the router is working it is a very nice machine for the money.
1	When the router is ferment it is a very Nice machine for the money.
1	When the router is operative it is a very prissy machine for the money.
1	Well, I have an Ipod mini - and I really like it, but all in all, I like the Zen Micro more.
1	Well, I have an Ipod mini - and I real ilk it, but all in all, unity like the Zen micro more.
1	Well, iodin have an Ipod mini - and 1 really corresponding it, but all in all, I like the Zen micro more.
1	i bought my canon g3 about a month ago and i have to say i am very satisfied . 
1	i bought my canon g3 about a month agone and i have to tell i am very meet . 
1	i purchase my canon g3 about a month agone and i have to enunciate i am very satisfied . 
1	However, the Ipod does not come close to the number of extra features that the 'Zen Micro' has to offer.   
1	However, the Ipod does not come closely to the amount of extra features that the 'pane Micro' has to extend.   
1	nevertheless, the iPod does not come unaired to the numerate of extra features that the 'Zen Micro' has to offer.   
0	 One caveat I have is that I understand the iPod does not save the photos in such a way that the quality of the image is preserved.
0	 One caveat I have is that ace understand the iPod does not preserve the exposure in such a way that the character of the look-alike is preserved.
0	 peerless caveat I have is that I see the iPod does not keep the exposure in such a way that the quality of the simulacrum is preserved.
0	it only read the dvds 10 % of the time , otherwise i would get a no disc screen . 
0	it only read the dvds 10 % of the sentence , otherwise i would bewilder a no disc riddle . 
0	it only translate the videodisk 10 % of the time , otherwise i would convey a no disc screen . 
1	battery life is very good , i use it every day and i have to charge it every 5 or 6 days or so . 
1	battery aliveness is very soundly , i use it every day and i have to accusation it every 5 or sextuplet days or so . 
1	battery life is very soundly , i utilise it every day and i have to mission it every fin or 6 days or so . 
1	 Made call which was immediately answered by very helpful , competent tech .
1	 Made call which was straightaway answer by very helpful , competent tech .
1	 establish yell which was immediately answered by very helpful , competent tech .
1	it 's really a shame , because otherwise , creative mp3 players are very good , and have the best sound quality of any players on the market . 
1	it 's really a pity , because otherwise , creative mp3 musician are very good , and have the adept audio quality of any players on the commercialise . 
1	it 's truly a shame , because otherwise , creative mp3 histrion are very good , and have the outdo sound caliber of any histrion on the market . 
1	1 ) slr like programming and exposure control gives you latitude to be creative , yet its progam and auto exposure settings provide excellent photos if you do n't want to bother with the settings . 
1	1 ) slr wish programing and exposure command render you latitude to be creative , yet its progam and auto exposure circumstance provide first-class photos if you do n't want to bother with the settings . 
1	i ) slr similar programming and exposure curb gives you latitude to be creative , heretofore its progam and auto picture settings provide excellent photos if you do n't need to bother with the settings . 
0	No problems now, just a sickly disappointment in the way Norton has abandoned thier customers.
0	No job now, just a sickly letdown in the way Norton has deserted thier customers.
0	nobelium problems now, just a sickly letdown in the direction Norton has abandoned thier customers.
1	first of all , my calls were loud and clear , unlike with sprint . 
1	1st of all , my calls were loud and open , unlike with sprint . 
1	firstly of all , my calls were loud and earn , unlike with sprint . 
0	1 . pictures wo n't transfer to pc directly from the camera using the included transfer cable . 
0	1 . painting wo n't transfer to pc directly from the camera exploitation the included transferee cable . 
0	1 . photograph wo n't transfer to pc directly from the camera employ the included channelise cable . 
1	i have had no problems with the phone . 
1	i have had no problems with the call . 
1	i have had no problems with the earpiece . 
0	All the camera's functionality is only available (or selectable) when the screen is functional.
0	All the camera's functionality is only available (or selectable) when the cover is operable.
0	altogether the camera's functionality is only available (or selectable) when the screen is operative.
0	well , within 45 days the video output quit working ( both rca & optic ) . 
0	well , within 45 daytime the video output quit sour ( both rca & optic ) . 
0	well , within 45 years the video output quit operative ( both rca & optic ) . 
0	. even the slightest of the shakes totally distorts your image 
0	. even the slightest of the shakes entirely distorts your picture 
0	. even the slightest of the shakes totally garble your visualise 
1	the software that comes with it is amazing and the online service that comes free is really very neat. clean clear and well focused on over 95 % of all photos taken by a beginner . 
1	the package that comes with it is perplex and the online service that comes free is really very neat. white realize and advantageously focused on over 95 % of all photos aim by a beginner . 
1	the software that arrive with it is amazing and the on-line service that comes absolve is really very neat. clean clear and intimately concentrate on over 95 % of all photos claim by a beginner . 
1	 It seems that with every firmware release the router gets better & better .
1	 It seems that with every firmware outlet the router gets improve & better .
1	 It seems that with every firmware release the router go better & punter .
0	the function lever - the one which switches between capture and view mode feels fragile . 
0	the function lever - the nonpareil which alternate between capture and view mode feels fragile . 
0	the function lever - the one which change between capture and catch mode feels fragile . 
0	 Doesn't have alot of good games on it.
0	 Doesn't have alot of dependable games on it.
0	 Doesn't have alot of thoroughly games on it.
1	 Assembly of the stands is very straightforward , and well detailed in the instructions .
1	 assemblage of the stands is very aboveboard , and well detailed in the instructions .
1	 gathering of the bandstand is very straightforward , and well detailed in the instructions .
1	Some features that the 'Zen Micro' has that sold me on my purchase include: a 5G hard drive...actually an SD flash card drive...very large and much more than actually needed, the ability to sync with Microsoft Outlook's calendar, the long battery life of about 10 to 12 hours (I can change the battery myself for about $40 to buy vs. 
1	Some features that the 'Zen Micro' has that deal me on my purchase include: a 5G arduous push...actually an SD flashbulb menu campaign...very boastfully and much more than actually require, the ability to synchronize with Microsoft Outlook's calendar, the longsighted battery life of about 10 to 12 hours (I can transfer the battery myself for about $40 to buy vanadium. 
1	roughly features that the 'dot Micro' has that sold me on my buy include: a 5G strong drive...actually an SD loud card get...very large and much more than actually take, the ability to sync with Microsoft Outlook's calendar, the farsighted battery life of about 10 to dozen hours (I can change the shelling myself for about $XL to buy 5. 
1	My SD500 focuses flawlessly, does not "whine" during video, and my pictures are razor sharp. 
1	My SD500 center flawlessly, does not "whine" during video, and my visualize are razor acuate. 
1	My SD500 focalise flawlessly, does not "whine" during video, and my movie are razor sharp-worded. 
1	Fortunately for me, I have yet to have a single problem with this player.  
1	Fortunately for me, 1 have yet to have a unity problem with this player.  
1	fortuitously for me, I have notwithstanding to have a single problem with this player.  
1	 Good monitor for the price .
1	 right monitor for the price .
1	 sound monitor for the price .
0	where close to 12 hours but at least it is replaceable (and they included a second one free).  
0	where close to xii hours but at least it is replaceable (and they included a minute one unloose).  
0	where near to 12 hours but at least it is replaceable (and they included a endorsement one absolve).  
0	The Achilles heel of this router is its inability to stream music, or copy large files over the local network.  
0	The Achilles heel of this router is its inability to pour music, or imitate vauntingly lodge over the local network.  
0	The Achilles heel of this router is its inability to teem medicine, or transcript boastfully files over the local network.  
1	 It works fine without the dock , but it 's shaky and unstable .
1	 It employment fine without the wharfage , but it 's shaky and unstable .
1	 It mould amercement without the dock , but it 's shaky and unstable .
1	despite this minor disappointment , i highly recommend the canon g3 anyone who is serious about digital photography . 
1	despite this small disappointment , i highly urge the canon g3 anyone who is severe about digital photography . 
1	despite this tiddler disappointment , i highly commend the canon g3 anyone who is sober about digital photography . 
1	I imagine if I left my player untouched (no backlight) it could play for considerably more than 12 hours at a low volume level.  
1	iodin imagine if I left-hand my player untouched (no backlight) it could playact for considerably more than 12 hours at a humbled volume level.  
1	one imagine if I exit my player uninfluenced (no backlight) it could play for considerably more than 12 hours at a low volume story.  
0	the 2600 had false silver plate instead of play display . 
0	the 2600 had false facile plate instead of trifle display . 
0	the 2600 had false silver shell instead of play exhibit . 
1	My brother had an old Linksys B band wireless router in his home and it was like magic. 
1	My brother had an Old Linksys b stria wireless router in his home and it was like magic. 
1	My brother had an old Linksys B band wireless router in his abode and it was similar magical. 
1	It is easy to install and change the ordinary trash bags, easy to clean, and most important, easy to use one handed - just insert folded dirty diaper and flip the handle.
1	It is easily to establish and exchange the ordinary tripe bags, easy to clean, and most important, easy to consumption one handed - just insert folded dirty diaper and flip the deal.
1	It is easy to install and variety the ordinary trash bags, promiscuous to blank, and most important, easy to use one handed - just tuck folded filthy diaper and sky the handle.
1	The songs recorded with FM are as good as the original signal. 
1	The songs recorded with FM are as commodity as the original point. 
1	The songs recorded with FM are as expert as the archetype signal. 
0	2 ) having unfilled id3 tags will cause music to be potentially placed in a folder called " unknown . " 
0	2 ) having unfilled id3 tags will cause music to be potentially lay in a folder visit " nameless . " 
0	2 ) having unfilled id3 ticket will lawsuit music to be potentially identify in a folder called " unknown . " 
1	accessing files by artist and album ( i mostly look things up by artist ) is easy and intuitive . 
1	accessing files by artist and album ( i mostly count affair up by artist ) is wanton and intuitive . 
1	accessing files by artist and album ( i mostly spirit affair up by artist ) is loose and intuitive . 
1	 This was very prompt standard shipping service .
1	 This was very actuate standard shipping service .
1	 This was very prompt standard shipping serve .
1	 Apart from being very easy to install , and the excellent music quality , what I really find fascinating is discovering new artists with Internet radio stations or music providers .
1	 Apart from being very easily to install , and the excellent music quality , what 1 rattling discovery fascinating is observe new artists with Internet radio stations or music providers .
1	 isolated from being very easy to install , and the excellent music quality , what I truly obtain catch is name new artists with Internet radio stations or music providers .
1	If you want a sharp looking, fast digital camera and you don't need or want manual controls, then this is the camera for you! 
1	If you want a crisp looking, degraded digital camera and you don't involve or privation manual controls, then this is the camera for you! 
1	If you want a sharp attend, fast digital camera and you don't pauperism or wishing manual hold, then this is the camera for you! 
0	- the top that covered the battery kept poping off without much of a touch near the bottom latch . 
0	- the clear that covered the battery kept poping off without much of a touch almost the arse latch . 
0	- the top that report the battery restrain poping off without much of a touch well-nigh the bottom latch . 
1	i 've had no problems with the software . 
1	i 've had no job with the software . 
1	i 've had no trouble with the software . 
0	i try navigating using the player 's built in menu , and it still would n't work ! 
0	i stress navigating using the player 's built in menu , and it static would n't knead ! 
0	i try navigating utilise the player 's built in menu , and it motionless would n't knead ! 
1	The headphones have great sound and durability and mine came with some extras when I bought it (a stand, a belt hook, charger) that I know doesn't come with every one. 
1	The headphones have corking sound and lastingness and mine come with some extras when I bought it (a stand, a belt snarf, charger) that I cognize doesn't fare with every one. 
1	The headphones have gravid sound and durability and mine came with some extras when I bought it (a brook, a belt swipe, charger) that ace love doesn't total with every one. 
0	It's a rip off if one buys Norton Internet Security and antivirus.
0	It's a rip off if ace bribe Norton Internet Security and antivirus.
0	It's a riptide off if one buys Norton Internet surety and antivirus.
1	Anyhow, this software is working fine and no problems since I installed it two weeks ago.
1	Anyhow, this software is mold fine and no problems since i installed it two workweek ago.
1	anyway, this software is working hunky-dory and no problems since single installed it two weeks ago.
1	it surpasses my greatest expectations in a 4mp camera .. 
1	it surpasses my nifty expectations in a 4mp camera .. 
1	it surpasses my outstanding expectations in a 4mp camera .. 
1	But, for the money it is a good machine.
1	But, for the money it is a goodness machine.
1	But, for the money it is a near machine.
1	 This setup worked perfectly the first shot at it .
1	 This setup shape perfectly the first shot at it .
1	 This setup worked perfectly the beginning shot at it .
0	4) The camera gets really hot when you are busy snapping away.
0	4) The camera aim really hot when you are busybodied snapping away.
0	4) The camera get really hot when you are busy click away.
1	zennx 's replaceable battery was the deciding factor in my purchase of zennx over ipod . 
1	zennx 's replaceable battery was the determining constituent in my purchase of zennx over iPod . 
1	zennx 's replaceable shelling was the decide gene in my purchase of zennx over ipod . 
0	Yeah - this program protects your computer all right - by locking you off the internet.
0	Yeah - this program protects your computer all mightily - by mesh you off the internet.
0	Yeah - this program protects your computer all ripe - by operate you off the internet.
1	Feature wise, its a lot better than the dlink and netgear routers out there.     
1	Feature wise, its a circle substantially than the dlink and netgear routers out there.     
1	Feature wise, its a flock well than the dlink and netgear routers out there.     
1	took me a few tries to get use to the navigation , but it 's a very user friendly player imo . 
1	acquire me a few seek to puzzle usance to the navigation , but it 's a very user friendly player imo . 
1	guide me a few tries to fetch enjoyment to the navigation , but it 's a very user friendly instrumentalist imo . 
0	 The iPod comes formatted for the Mac, but within seconds of plugging it into a PC, is automatically reformatted for Windows.  (The HP version comes with Windows formatting, and takes seconds to change to Mac.) Although the iPod can be changed from one format to another, you will lose all of your music and data when doing so. 
0	 The iPod do initialise for the Mac, but within back of plugging it into a PC, is automatically reformatted for Windows.  (The HP rendering ejaculate with Windows formatting, and occupy s to commute to Mac.) Although the iPod can be transfer from unmatchable format to another, you will lose all of your music and datum when doing so. 
0	 The iPod ejaculate formatted for the Mac, but within endorse of plug it into a PC, is mechanically reformatted for Windows.  (The HP version comes with Windows arrange, and need mo to modification to Mac.) Although the iPod can be switch from i format to another, you will suffer all of your music and data when doing so. 
1	No offense to Amazon, but I was able to find one online for just over 200 bucks (I'm sure prices here will continue to sink), and that also seemed quite a good bargain for the amount of storage space.    
1	No crime to Amazon, but i was able to ascertain one online for just over 200 bucks (I'm sure prices here will stay to sink), and that besides seemed quite a sound bargain for the amount of repositing space.    
1	nobelium offense to amazon, but ane was able to notice i online for just over 200 bucks (I'm sure prices here will proceed to sink), and that also seemed quite a unspoilt bargain for the amount of storage space.    
1	What I like the most:  - Small and solid feel. 
1	What 1 like the most:  - Small and solid feel. 
1	What I like the most:  - Small and whole feel. 
0	granted , i have only used this dvd player for about 2 hours setting it up for my mom for christmas , but that was long enough for me to find problems with this dvd player . 
0	grant , i have only employ this dvd player for about 2 hours ready it up for my mom for Christmastide , but that was long enough for me to retrieve problems with this videodisc player . 
0	granted , i have only used this dvd histrion for about 2 hours ready it up for my mommy for Yuletide , but that was long enough for me to see problems with this dvd musician . 
0	it did also seem to have a strong " new electronics " smell for some time . 
0	it did also seem to have a solid " New electronics " smell for some time . 
0	it did also seem to have a strong " Modern electronics " spirit for some time . 
1	There is also a small covering for the lens, so you need not worry that the lens will get scratched.
1	There is also a humble screening for the Lens, so you need not worry that the lens will arrest scratched.
1	There is likewise a small masking for the lens, so you motivation not worry that the lens will produce scratched.
0	it seems to me that after the focus and metering are complete there is quite a lag before the shutter ? 
0	it seem to me that after the center and metering are ended there is quite a retardation before the shutter ? 
0	it seems to me that after the concenter and meter are concluded there is quite a dawdle before the shutter ? 
0	new cds almost always began skipping after a few plays . 
0	new candle almost always start skipping after a few plays . 
0	new cds well-nigh always began skipping after a few gaming . 
0	They last about 1 1/2 years until the problems start.
0	They finally about 1 1/2 geezerhood until the problems start.
0	They live about 1 1/2 years until the problems bulge.
1	Overall, if you know what basic steps to take, it was not difficult to connect, and the s/w worked well to connect.  
1	Overall, if you know what BASIC steps to charter, it was not difficult to connect, and the s/w worked comfortably to unite.  
1	Overall, if you know what BASIC steps to drive, it was not difficult to connect, and the s/west forge well to connect.  
1	It really is the perfect travel  camera, plus it offers the convenience of digital photography.
1	It rattling is the double-dyed travel  camera, plus it offers the gismo of digital photography.
1	It really is the perfective traveling  camera, plus it offers the gismo of digital photography.
0	The tech support is worthless too.     
0	The tech corroborate is worthless too.     
0	The tech patronise is worthless too.     
1	this phone is very user-friendly , easy to manipulate &#38; very convenient to scroll in menu etc . 
1	this earpiece is very user-friendly , loose to wangle &#38; very convenient to scroll in menu etc . 
1	this sound is very user-friendly , comfortable to manipulate &#38; very convenient to whorl in menu etc . 
1	 The sound is just fine. 
1	 The fathom is just fine. 
1	 The voice is just fine. 
1	The inital setup of the router was simple. 
1	The inital setup of the router was dim-witted. 
1	The inital setup of the router was elementary. 
0	The support has been less than impressive, considering the cost. 
0	The livelihood has been less than telling, considering the cost. 
0	The support has been less than telling, view the cost. 
1	while i had the phone , the positive features were : good sound quality and an excellent fm phone and earpiece . 
1	while i had the earpiece , the positive features were : upright sound timber and an excellent fm phone and earpiece . 
1	while i had the phone , the positive features were : sound sound prize and an excellent fm headphone and earpiece . 
1	 Set up was smooth , and both wired and wireless devices worked very well on it .
1	 determined up was fluent , and both wired and wireless devices cultivate very well on it .
1	 dress up was bland , and both wired and wireless devices go very well on it .
1	The 6600 (T-Mobile) is the true 'world phone' in that it has the mhz to operate around the globe, including New Zealand and Australia (900) whereas the  6620 (available from Cingular) replaces it w/ 800mhz (some refer to as 850).
1	The 6600 (T-Mobile) is the straight 'Earth phone' in that it has the megacycle to go around the globe, including novel Zealand and Australia (900) whereas the  6620 (available from Cingular) exchange it double-u/ 800mhz (some concern to as 850).
1	The 6600 (T-Mobile) is the true 'domain phone' in that it has the MHz to run round the globe, include New Seeland and Australia (900) whereas the  6620 (usable from Cingular) replaces it west/ 800mhz (some refer to as 850).
1	3 ) the nomad explorer ( winxp style interface ) works well to transfer files back and forth to use the nomad as an external although the tech support web-site states that the primary intended purpose of the player is as a player . 
1	terzetto ) the nomad explorer ( winxp style interface ) workings well to transferee register rachis and forth to manipulation the nomad as an external although the tech patronise web-site states that the primary intended intent of the player is as a player . 
1	troika ) the nomad explorer ( winxp style interface ) form well to remove files support and off to use the nomad as an external although the tech hold web-site states that the primary intended role of the player is as a musician . 
1	First 4 months it was in our bedroom and we did not even smell any odor.
1	commencement quatern months it was in our bedroom and we did not eve smell any odor.
1	first quaternion months it was in our bedroom and we did not still smell any odor.
1	 I personally would recommend this router in every house hold or small buisiness environmnets .
1	 I personally would recommend this router in every home prevail or small buisiness environmnets .
1	 I personally would recommend this router in every mansion hold or low buisiness environmnets .
1	8. Connected the phone to my tablet pc and now can access company VPN at 56k speed via bluetooth.
1	8. Connected the earphone to my tablet PC and now can access company VPN at 56k velocity via bluetooth.
1	8. Connected the phone to my tablet PC and now can access society VPN at 56k velocity via bluetooth.
1	The edge guide is top quality, easy to install and accurate.
1	The bound guide is elevation quality, easy to install and accurate.
1	The boundary guide is clear quality, easy to install and accurate.
0	4 ) no fm or voice recording - these would have been nice extras . 
0	4 ) no fm or vocalization recording - these would have been dainty extras . 
0	foursome ) no fm or vox recording - these would have been nice extras . 
1	1- Small.
1	1- humble.
1	1- pocket-sized.
1	what a kick butt Mp3 machine and the freedom to get songs from a reasonable source, instead of paying for them two or three times, then get the Creative Zen IPOD killer, kiss my ass Itunes!
1	what a flush cigaret Mp3 machine and the freedom to draw songs from a reasonable root, instead of paying for them two or three times, then become the Creative Elvis IPOD killer, osculate my ass Itunes!
1	what a rush target Mp3 machine and the freedom to incur songs from a reasonable germ, instead of paying for them ii or three times, then receive the Creative Zen IPOD killer, kiss my shag Itunes!
1	i found using mediasource to load your songs to the nomad jukebox to be much easier and faster than using windows explorer . 
1	i detect using mediasource to stretch your songs to the nomad jukebox to be much easier and dissipated than use windows explorer . 
1	i found using mediasource to load your songs to the nomad nickelodeon to be much comfortable and faster than expend windows IE . 
0	deficiencies with zennx are easily overcome with 3rd-party earphones ( $ 20 + ) and software ( $ 25 ). 
0	deficiencies with zennx are easily overcome with 3rd-party earpiece ( $ XX + ) and software ( $ 25 ). 
0	deficiencies with zennx are well overtake with 3rd-party earphones ( $ 20 + ) and software ( $ 25 ). 
0	Stay away from this product!
0	Stay forth from this product!
0	rest away from this product!
0	navigation system - the zen xtra uses id3 tags that are embedded in the mp3 files to organize your songs . 
0	navigation system - the zen xtra usage id3 tags that are engraft in the mp3 files to prepare your songs . 
0	seafaring system - the zen xtra uses id3 track that are embedded in the mp3 files to organize your Song . 
1	the big backlight makes things easy to see , and the writing is big enough for people to see . 
1	the big backlight do things easy to regard , and the writing is boastfully enough for people to see . 
1	the big backlight pee affair easy to see , and the authorship is big enough for people to see . 
0	It was immediately noticeable that NIS slows down my computer (Pent4, 256 RAM).
0	It was immediately detectable that nickel slows down my computer (Pent4, 256 RAM).
0	It was immediately noticeable that NIS slows down my calculator (Pent4, 256 jampack).
1	then sorting the files is easy as pie . 
1	then screen the files is easy as pie . 
1	then sorting the files is slowly as pie . 
0	unfortunately i bought a player because the ps2 could n't play all my dvds , and now the player can 't play everything . 
0	unfortunately i bribe a instrumentalist because the ps2 could n't drama all my dvds , and now the player can 't gambol everything . 
0	unfortunately i buy a participant because the ps2 could n't gambling all my dvds , and now the player can 't dally everything . 
0	pc cable is too expensive ... $ 50 for a usb cable ? 
0	microcomputer wire is too expensive ... $ 50 for a usb cable ? 
0	pc cablegram is too expensive ... $ 50 for a usb line ? 
0	 The Klipsh subwoofer is laughable .
0	 The Klipsh subwoofer is ludicrous .
0	 The Klipsh subwoofer is mirthful .
1	The bottom line is "Phone is cool one - only for the moment, as its the latest phone in the market and has all the new features, but this will soon be displaced by upcoming newer phones".
1	The can course is "Phone is chill peerless - only for the moment, as its the latest phone in the mart and has all the new feature, but this will soon be displaced by upcoming newer sound".
1	The penetrate descent is "Phone is cool i - only for the moment, as its the up-to-the-minute phone in the market and has all the new have, but this will soon be can by upcoming newer earphone".
1	 Pros : - Great Sound - Sleek cool look - Compact - Comes with RCA adapter - Speakers all swivel so they can be wall mounted Cons : - Mainly for PC only -LRB- but works fairly well with TV 's -RRB- - Wattage is n't all that high - No immediate line in -LRB- so you ca n't hook your MP3 player up and get SRS right out of the box -RRB- I 've heard a bunch of people say that the cord 's for the rear speakers are n't long enough .
1	 Pros : - Great fathom - satiny cool face - compact - seed with RCA adapter - Speakers all swivel so they can be wall mounted memorise : - Mainly for PC only -LRB- but bring fairly well with TV 's -RRB- - Wattage is n't all that heights - No immediate air in -LRB- so you ca n't purloin your MP3 player up and take SRS properly out of the boxwood -RRB- I 've discover a bunch of people tell that the cord 's for the lift speakers are n't long enough .
1	 professional : - Great Sound - Sleek cool search - Compact - fall with RCA adapter - verbalizer all swivel so they can be wall wax Cons : - Mainly for PC only -LRB- but works evenhandedly substantially with TV 's -RRB- - Wattage is n't all that richly - No immediate bloodline in -LRB- so you ca n't snarf your MP3 player up and bewilder Sr good out of the box -RRB- I 've heard a gang of people read that the cord 's for the tooshie speakers are n't long enough .
1	The speed control is well designed and it works perfectly.
1	The hurrying control is well designed and it cultivate perfectly.
1	The speed contain is well designed and it works dead.
0	The way you have to shove your fingers under it and pull is just too tight.
0	The direction you have to shove your fingerbreadth under it and pull is just too compressed.
0	The manner you have to shove your fingers under it and tear is just too soused.
1	It also has tons more features then previous creative products, and most of them are very useful such as the ability to custimize the main menu to show the stuff you want, not the default items (creativelabs.com for more on that).  
1	IT besides has tons more characteristic then previous creative production, and most of them are very useful such as the ability to custimize the primary menu to demo the engorge you want, not the nonpayment items (creativelabs.com for more on that).  
1	It likewise has lashings more features then previous creative merchandise, and most of them are very useful such as the ability to custimize the master menu to appearance the englut you require, not the default item (creativelabs.com for more on that).  
1	1 . the ability to selectively switch to raw format during record review gives you incredible more post-processing flexibility . 
1	1 . the ability to selectively switch to natural format during platter review open you incredible more post-processing flexibility . 
1	1 . the ability to selectively switch to natural format during record reassessment apply you incredible more post-processing flexibility . 
1	i 've been using the g3 for about six weeks and it has proven itself to be all that it 's advertised . 
1	i 've been expend the g3 for about sextet weeks and it has shew itself to be all that it 's promote . 
1	i 've been victimization the g3 for about sestet weeks and it has examine itself to be all that it 's promote . 
1	 The Audio Cube is great .
1	 The Audio Cube is big .
1	 The Audio Cube is neat .
0	Only then did I learn the truth -- THIS PHONE DOES NOT WORK WITH PALM PDAS!
0	Only then did I con the truth -- THIS PHONE exercise NOT lick WITH PALM PDAS!
0	alone then did I learn the truth -- THIS phone suffice NOT WORK WITH PALM PDAS!
1	 The router recognized my other wifi devices easily , and further setup was a breeze .
1	 The router agnise my other wifi devices easy , and further setup was a breeze .
1	 The router know my other wifi devices easily , and further frame-up was a breeze .
1	i 'm amazed at the photo quality -- prints are indistinguishable from 35mm prints . 
1	i 'm beat at the photo lineament -- prints are indistinguishable from 35mm prints . 
1	i 'm gravel at the photo calibre -- prints are indistinguishable from 35mm prints . 
1	there is a clock , and date , which can get helpful . 
1	there is a clock , and engagement , which can vex helpful . 
1	there is a clock , and see , which can incur helpful . 
0	this player is not worth any price and i recommend that you do n't purchase it . 
0	this actor is not Worth any price and i urge that you do n't purchase it . 
0	this participant is not deserving any damage and i recommend that you do n't purchase it . 
1	Creative Media Source is very easy to use once you get the hang of it, and the file transfers are fast.  
1	Creative Media Source is very slowly to utilisation once you get the hang of it, and the file reassign are immobile.  
1	Creative sensitive Source is very easy to habituate once you get the hang of it, and the file carry-over are profligate.  
1	They were easy to setup with plenty of power to hog through anything I have encountered.
1	They were easy to setup with mickle of power to hog through anything ace have chance.
1	They were light to setup with pot of index to hog through anything I have encountered.
1	 Great color display , sharp picture , and just the right size for my desk .
1	 Great coloring exhibit , sharp picture , and just the right size for my desk .
1	 Great discolour showing , sharp picture , and just the right size for my desk .
1	 if you 're okay with removing the skin each time you want to use the speaker system , then by all means purchase these speakers as they are great !
1	 if you 're alright with removing the shinny each time you want to use the verbaliser scheme , then by all means purchase these speakers as they are keen !
1	 if you 're okay with off the skin each time you want to utilize the verbalizer system , then by all think purchase these speakers as they are large !
0	the build quality shows why its so cheap - small scratches on the base plate , something that you would n't see on a sony and an overall plasticky feel 
0	the build choice point why its so cheap - small kale on the home home , something that you would n't see on a sony and an overall plasticky feel 
0	the establish quality demonstrate why its so cheap - small rub on the Qaeda denture , something that you would n't see on a sony and an overall plasticky feel 
0	This time, it started the uninstallation process, then I left for work. I think it will work. I hope it will work.
0	This time, it commence the uninstallation process, then I left for work. 1 think it will act. I Hope it will work.
0	This time, it started the uninstallation procedure, then I leave for work. iodine think it will work. I hope it will process.
1	i 've had it for about 2 weeks and it 's the best player i 've seen , and used , ever . 
1	i 've had it for about 2 hebdomad and it 's the upright player i 've interpret , and used , e'er . 
1	i 've had it for about 2 weeks and it 's the salutary actor i 've encounter , and expend , ever . 
1	this is by far the finest camera in its price and category i have ever used . 
1	this is by far the fine camera in its price and category i have e'er practice . 
1	this is by far the ok camera in its terms and category i have ever practice . 
0	about 10 % of the time it can 't find the device when i attach it to my pc . 
0	about decade % of the time it can 't bump the gimmick when i attach it to my pc . 
0	about tenner % of the time it can 't encounter the device when i sequester it to my pc . 
0	I've have many Nokia's and while this is the best for features, it's the worst as a phone.
0	I've have many Nokia's and while this is the good for feature, it's the tough as a phone.
0	I've have many Nokia's and while this is the safe for characteristic, it's the tough as a phone.
1	I would highly recommend that you do this if you want to learn something, but if you are not interested in learning this stuff and just want a working wireless router, just get the WRT54G.     
1	I would highly urge that you do this if you need to instruct something, but if you are not interested in larn this squeeze and just want a work wireless router, just perplex the WRT54G.     
1	iodin would highly recommend that you do this if you lack to discover something, but if you are not interested in learning this farce and just neediness a solve wireless router, just begin the WRT54G.     
1	3. It never smelled - at all.
1	3. IT never smelled - at all.
1	trine. It never smelled - at all.
1	it gives great pictures , the controls are easy to use , the battery lasts forever on one single charge , the software is very user-friendly and it is beautiful in it chrome casing . 
1	it grant bully fancy , the controls are comfortable to use , the battery lasts forever on I single accusation , the software is very user-friendly and it is beautiful in it chrome casing . 
1	it yield smashing delineation , the controls are slowly to use , the battery last forever on matchless single charge , the software is very user-friendly and it is beautiful in it chrome casing . 
0	it would just spin up and stop , and display " no disc " . 
0	it would just gyrate up and occlusion , and display " no disc " . 
0	it would just twirl up and point , and display " no disc " . 
1	I upgraded from NIS 2003, and the change in performance has not been noticeable.
1	I upgrade from Ni 2003, and the change in performance has not been noticeable.
1	i upgraded from NIS 2003, and the shift in performance has not been noticeable.
1	 I am a novice at this stuff but it was extremely easy to set the router up .
1	 I am a beginner at this stuff but it was extremely loose to localise the router up .
1	 I am a tiro at this stuff but it was extremely well-off to Seth the router up .
0	so , i 've had it for a month , and the headphone jack went out . 
0	so , i 've had it for a month , and the headphone Jack become out . 
0	so , i 've had it for a month , and the headphone diddley proceed out . 
1	Other than the fact that one can't delete a file directly from the iPod, the interface is excellent and mind-numbingly simple to use.  
1	Other than the fact that one can't erase a file immediately from the iPod, the interface is excellent and mind-numbingly dewy-eyed to employ.  
1	Other than the fact that unmatched can't delete a file directly from the iPod, the interface is fantabulous and mind-numbingly dewy-eyed to apply.  
1	so far , we 've only used this player a few times to watch movies and it has worked fine . 
1	so far , we 've only expend this player a few times to sentinel movies and it has function fine . 
1	so far , we 've only used this instrumentalist a few times to ascertain movies and it has worked mulct . 
1	even did while daughter sleep and no noise!
1	even did while daughter sleep and no haphazardness!
1	even did while daughter slumber and no noise!
1	As I mentioned in my first paragraph, it supports WPA security, which is far superior to WEP.  
1	As I name in my first paragraph, it supports WPA security, which is ALIR Superior to WEP.  
1	As ace mentioned in my foremost paragraph, it underpin WPA security, which is far superior to WEP.  
1	the eax settings are somewhat superfluous but not really a negative . 
1	the eax scene are somewhat purposeless but not really a negative . 
1	the eax settings are moderately pointless but not really a negative . 
0	At first glance, I thought this phone was a little too big for me, maybe a little too complicated.
0	At first glimpse, I thinking this telephone was a little too big for me, maybe a little too complicated.
0	At firstly peek, I thought this phone was a little too expectant for me, maybe a little too complicated.
1	 Definitely more capable of filling the room with sound than any other computer speakers I 've owned .
1	 Definitely more capable of woof the room with wakeless than any other computer speakers one 've owned .
1	 decidedly more capable of replete the room with sound than any other computer speakers unity 've owned .
0	the inside pics , can be a bit challenging , but when you can instantly delete pics you dont like , that are not focused perfectly , or need lighting adjustments , make this camera very simple and effective . 
0	the inside pics , can be a bit challenging , but when you can instantly delete film you dont care , that are not focussed perfectly , or need illumine modification , make this camera very unproblematic and effective . 
0	the inside pics , can be a flake challenging , but when you can instantly delete pic you dont like , that are not concentrate perfectly , or want light adjustments , gain this camera very simple and effective . 
1	All in all, this is the camera for you if you can spare the extra cost in price. 
1	All in all, this is the camera for you if you can bare the spare toll in price. 
1	All in all, this is the camera for you if you can superfluous the superfluous cost in Price. 
0	the one other thing i observed while i had the nomad is that the front cover , which is taken off to have access to the battery , seemed to come undone very easily . 
0	the unitary other thing i watch while i had the nomad is that the front report , which is require off to have access to the battery , seemed to do undo very easily . 
0	the unrivaled other thing i follow while i had the nomad is that the movement traverse , which is strike off to have access to the battery , seemed to come sunk very easily . 
0	Now, the player's ear phone jack is not working - I have to send it away again.  
0	Now, the player's ear ring jack is not form - iodine have to send it away again.  
0	immediately, the player's ear phone labourer is not form - I have to send it away again.  
1	the storage capacity is great for me -- 
1	the storage capacity is peachy for me -- 
1	the storage capacity is swell for me -- 
1	 The screen quality is very high & the side view is very sharp & clear .
1	 The riddle quality is very high & the side view is very sharp & exculpate .
1	 The screen prime is very high & the side scene is very sharp & clear .
1	I have to say that I am very happy with it so far.
1	I have to articulate that I am very well-chosen with it so far.
1	I have to enounce that single am very happy with it so far.
1	It may not top the iPod Mini, but it's definitely an alternative if you also want the extra features and good sound quality.  
1	It may not elevation the iPod Mini, but it's definitely an alternative if you also want the extra characteristic and skilful sound timber.  
1	It may not pinnacle the iPod Mini, but it's definitely an alternative if you also want the superfluous features and thoroughly vocalise quality.  
1	I like this router a whole lot better the Linksys 11b router it replaced -- the signal strength seems ot be much stroners, seldom falling below the "very good" range (and most often excellent within 25-50 feet of the router.  
1	ane like this router a totally circumstances better the Linksys 11b router it replaced -- the signal enduringness seems ot be much stroners, seldom falling below the "very estimable" ambit (and most often excellent within 25-50 substructure of the router.  
1	single like this router a whole wad best the Linksys 11b router it replaced -- the signal strength seems ot be much stroners, seldom falling below the "very salutary" graze (and most often excellent inside 25-50 groundwork of the router.  
0	the zoom goes up and down in magnification , which is nice , but there is always a display of the zoom size about one-quarter of the way down from the top of the screen that interferes with viewing at most settings . 
0	the surge whirl up and down in magnification , which is nice , but there is always a display of the soar size about one-quarter of the manner down from the peak of the screen that interfere with regard at most scene . 
0	the whizz expire up and down in overstatement , which is squeamish , but there is always a presentation of the zoom size about one-quarter of the way down from the pinnacle of the cover that interferes with viewing at most setting . 
0	 The range of response seems a little limited to me -LRB- changing the EQ setting on the iPod produces a definite change in the sound , but I would expect a little more richness in the changes -RRB- .
0	 The orbit of reaction seems a little fix to me -LRB- changing the EQ sic on the iPod produces a definite alter in the levelheaded , but I would expect a short more richness in the changes -RRB- .
0	 The stray of response seems a fiddling set to me -LRB- changing the EQ dress on the iPod produces a definite change in the intelligent , but I would expect a short more richness in the switch -RRB- .
1	we tried it out christmas night and it worked great . 
1	we tried it out Christmas night and it ferment great . 
1	we tried it out christmas Nox and it worked smashing . 
1	 Overall I would reccomend these to someone who wants a set of small but effective computer speakers at a reasonable price .
1	 Overall I would reccomend these to someone who wants a dictated of minuscule but efficient computer utterer at a reasonable price .
1	 Overall one would reccomend these to someone who need a set of diminished but effective computer speakers at a fairish price .
1	 Not a bad monitor for $ 120 but it 's nothing special .
1	 Not a bad admonisher for $ 120 but it 's nothing limited .
1	 Not a regretful monitor for $ cxx but it 's nothing special .
0	 The main problems for me is that the dsub cord from the sub to the control station is too short .
0	 The main job for me is that the dsub cord from the hero to the ascendency station is too unawares .
0	 The primary problems for me is that the dsub cord from the bomber to the assure station is too shortsighted .
1	The range is terrific, I am using this for my home and I was transferring at 50+mbs from my backyard.
1	The place is terrifying, 1 am using this for my home and ace was transferring at 50+mbs from my backyard.
1	The roll is terrific, I am victimization this for my dwelling and ace was transferring at 50+mbs from my backyard.
1	 For the cost of this product i could not ask for more .
1	 For the cost of this intersection i could not demand for more .
1	 For the price of this product i could not demand for more .
1	this means that there is a good chance that this phone will not break easily like typical american phones . 
1	this means that there is a safe chance that this phone will not recess easily wish typical american phones . 
1	this means that there is a serious chance that this phone will not fracture easily like typical american telephone . 
0	when i tried to install the second dvd player in my brothers house , that one didn " t work either ! 
0	when i test to install the s dvd player in my Brother house , that one didn " t work either ! 
0	when i well-tried to install the second dvd player in my crony theater , that one didn " t work either ! 
0	The Wizard is particularly sinister. 
0	The Wizard is particularly threatening. 
0	The ace is particularly sinister. 
1	Broadband hooked up to this wireless setup flies. 
1	Broadband hooklike up to this wireless setup flies. 
1	Broadband thieve up to this wireless setup flies. 
1	I finally decided to purchase this player because it was compatible with Napster 2 Go....which is a subscription service, allowing me to download as much music as I want for a $14.95 flat fee.  
1	I finally adjudicate to purchase this histrion because it was compatible with Napster ii extend....which is a subscription service, allowing me to download as much music as I need for a $fourteen.95 categorical fee.  
1	iodine finally decided to purchase this player because it was compatible with Napster 2 whirl....which is a subscription avail, admit me to download as much music as ace wishing for a $14.95 2-dimensional fee.  
0	 There is no photo viewing option, however, there is a 20 GB photo iPod, but it costs $20 more.
0	 There is no photo viewing option, notwithstanding, there is a 20 GB photo iPod, but it toll $twenty more.
0	 There is no photo viewing option, still, there is a 20 gigabit picture iPod, but it costs $20 more.
1	its silver magnesium finish is stunning , and the sharp lines and excellent grip are better than any other camera i 've seen . 
1	its silver magnesium cultivation is sandbag , and the sharp pedigree and excellent grip are better than any other camera i 've control . 
1	its silver magnesium finish is stunning , and the knifelike air and excellent grip are honest than any other camera i 've escort . 
1	 The monitors were both good .
1	 The monitors were both expert .
1	 The monitors were both proficient .
1	 I have found this little device to be quite fun to use .
1	 I have found this picayune device to be quite fun to purpose .
1	 unity have receive this little device to be quite fun to use .
1	VERY smal.
1	identical smal.
1	very smal.
0	you can't do that with a Sony T610 (which i traded for a 6600).
0	you can't do that with a Sony T610 (which i sell for a 6600).
0	you can't do that with a Sony T610 (which i trade for a 6600).
1	My opion is concentrate on what you need now, This product has EXELENT range, holds a teady connection, hasent even droped one and i have it for more than a month now. 
1	My opion is concentrate on what you involve now, This product has EXELENT orbit, harbour a teady connectedness, hasent level expend one and i have it for more than a month now. 
1	My opion is concentrate on what you require now, This product has EXELENT compass, restrain a teady connection, hasent evening sink unmatched and i have it for more than a month now. 
1	Saw the Hitachi on Amazon.com with their $25.00 coupon (at the time) and could not resist trying it out.
1	check the Hitachi on amazon.com with their $twenty-five.00 coupon (at the time) and could not baulk trying it out.
1	see the Hitachi on Amazon.com with their $25.00 coupon (at the clock) and could not reject render it out.
0	do not buy this product -- 
0	do not corrupt this product -- 
0	do not steal this product -- 
1	I bought my Zen Micro three months ago mainly because I preferred the size and style to the iPod mini. 
1	I bought my Zen Micro leash months ago mainly because 1 favored the size and fashion to the iPod mini. 
1	I bought my Zen Micro trio months ago chiefly because I favor the size and dash to the iPod mini. 
1	 I 'm quite happy with my new speaker bar .
1	 I 'm quite happy with my newfangled speaker bar .
1	 iodin 'm quite happy with my new speaker bar .
1	 I set it up in my living room and the sound was superb .
1	 I lot it up in my be room and the sound was superb .
1	 ace set it up in my living room and the wakeless was superb .
1	5.The Camera installed on this phone is awesome.
1	5.The Camera establish on this phone is awesome.
1	quintet.The Camera installed on this phone is awesome.
1	The WRT54G offers excellent security features and much more (and easier) configuration menu that I didn't even need a manual to setup correctly.  
1	The WRT54G go excellent security features and much more (and well-fixed) configuration menu that i didn't flush need a manual to setup correctly.  
1	The WRT54G tender first-class security features and much more (and easier) shape menu that I didn't even pauperization a manual to setup correctly.  
1	great colors , pictures and white balance . 
1	great colors , pictures and ashen balance . 
1	swell colors , pictures and white balance . 
0	i 've had this thing for less than a month , treated it quite well , never dropped it , and the headphone jack is all screwed up . 
0	i 've had this affair for less than a month , process it quite well , never pretermit it , and the headphone jackstones is all bed up . 
0	i 've had this thing for less than a month , treated it quite wellspring , never overleap it , and the earpiece jak is all eff up . 
1	best camera ever . from the image quality , color , function , i can say almost everything . 
1	proficient camera ever . from the fancy quality , color , function , i can say almost everything . 
1	undecomposed camera ever . from the image quality , color , routine , i can say almost everything . 
0	as a portable player , it should feel a bit more durable . 
0	as a portable player , it should find a flake more durable . 
0	as a portable player , it should smell a prick more durable . 
1	Moreover, apart from the plastic cable cover, the camera has a nice, solid feel about it, and it's so tiny, I take it with me wherever I go. 
1	Moreover, apart from the plastic cable binding, the camera has a nice, solid flavour about it, and it's so tiny, 1 yield it with me wherever I plump. 
1	Moreover, apart from the plastic cable insure, the camera has a prissy, solid look about it, and it's so tiny, I acquire it with me wherever I live. 
1	 I mainly use it with my Apple IPad and it really sounds quite good for it diminutive size .
1	 I mainly consumption it with my Apple IPad and it really vocalize quite dear for it diminutive size .
1	 I mainly utilize it with my Apple IPad and it rattling sounds quite honorable for it diminutive size .
1	 Bottom line , I have a better set of speakers , in the Creative Labs I-Trigue 2200 2.0 Speakers , on my computer -LRB- at least to my ears -RRB- , for less than half the cost .
1	 fathom pedigree , unity have a beneficial band of speakers , in the Creative Labs I-Trigue 2200 2.0 loudspeaker , on my computer -LRB- at least to my ears -RRB- , for less than half the cost .
1	 tail lineage , I have a intimately adjust of speakers , in the Creative Labs I-Trigue 2200 2.0 utterer , on my computer -LRB- at least to my ears -RRB- , for less than half the price .
0	It feels like I'm back to the days of 56k dial-up internet service, even though I'm running a Dell 2GHz Pentium 4 with 256MB memory and have had excellent broadband service for the past year.
0	It flavour care I'm game to the daylight of 56k dial-up internet overhaul, even though I'm prevail a Dell 2GHz Pentium four with 256MB memory and have had excellent broadband service for the past year.
0	It tone like I'm rearward to the days of 56k dial-up internet service, even though I'm melt a Dell 2GHz Pentium foursome with 256MB retention and have had excellent broadband service for the preceding class.
1	 Image clarity is great -LRB- I do a lot of work in PhotoShop with 18MB RAW image files and noticed the difference immediately -RRB- .
1	 epitome clarity is great -LRB- I do a draw of operate in PhotoShop with 18MB RAW image files and acknowledge the difference immediately -RRB- .
1	 look-alike clarity is great -LRB- iodin do a lot of knead in PhotoShop with 18MB RAW persona files and noticed the difference immediately -RRB- .
0	I have a modern PC with lots of speed and memory, but this firewall just brought it to a halt.
0	I have a modern PC with stack of amphetamine and memory, but this firewall just wreak it to a hitch.
0	one have a modern PC with destiny of speed and storage, but this firewall just brought it to a lame.
0	Holy cow! It really does scratch easily!
0	Holy cow! It really does boodle easily!
0	Holy cow! It really does itch easily!
0	a ) feel cheap -- the plastic is feels like it would break very easily , and it definately wouldnt survive a drop 
0	a ) feel cheap -- the fictile is sense corresponding it would breaking very easily , and it definately wouldnt survive a drop 
0	a ) feel crummy -- the shaping is feels like it would transgress very easily , and it definately wouldnt survive a fell 
1	Games-- not really important, but existant 
1	Games-- not rattling important, but existant 
1	Games-- not really authoritative, but existant 
0	 The buttons are confusing and super small .
0	 The buttons are jumble and super small .
0	 The buttons are obnubilate and super small .
1	 Looks great .
1	 Looks big .
1	 Looks majuscule .
0	 This router does drop every once in a while , but not like the old router did every hour or so !
0	 This router does expend every once in a while , but not same the honest-to-god router did every hr or so !
0	 This router does flatten every once in a while , but not ilk the honest-to-god router did every hr or so !
0	 My only complaint , is that the cord is not long enough .
0	 My only complaint , is that the cord is not retentive plenty .
0	 My only complaint , is that the cord is not tenacious decent .
1	This is one of the best purchases we made.
1	This is one of the best purchases we piddle.
1	This is one of the honorable purchases we made.
1	I have a tendency to do quite a bit of research before I drop money on a tool and everyone I talked to loved this router.
1	I have a tendency to do quite a snatch of research before 1 dismiss money on a tool and everyone ane talked to enjoy this router.
1	ace have a tendency to do quite a spot of research before I cliff money on a joyride and everyone one talked to loved this router.
1	sending the unit to the company of purchase which costs about $90), the ability to record with a built-in microphone (great for recording reminders and meetings), very sturdy construction, and not to mention...the sound quality is excellent!  
1	direct the unit to the society of purchase which costs about $90), the ability to memorialize with a built-in microphone (great for memorialise reminders and match), very uncompromising construction, and not to mention...the sound prize is excellent!  
1	place the unit to the company of purchase which costs about $90), the ability to record with a built-in microphone (dandy for transcription reminders and contact), very sturdy structure, and not to mention...the sound select is first-class!  
0	unfortunately , after loading 280 + songs , all i get now is " player either not connected or busy . " 
0	unfortunately , after laden 280 + songs , all i amaze now is " player either not affiliated or busy . " 
0	unfortunately , after loading 280 + Sung , all i beget now is " player either not connected or meddling . " 
1	but , i would definately recommend this phone . 
1	but , i would definately advocate this phone . 
1	but , i would definately recommend this call . 
1	the screen is very easy to read and the blue light is bright enough to read at night , but dim enough so it does n't blind you when you stare too long . 
1	the screen is very leisurely to show and the grim calorie-free is bright enough to read at Nox , but vague enough so it does n't blind you when you stare too long . 
1	the screen is very tardily to read and the patrician light-headed is bright adequate to read at night , but faint enough so it does n't blind you when you stare too retentive . 
0	although the sound-quality is good , it takes more than good sound on a portable-mp 3 player to result in a good product . 
0	although the sound-quality is beneficial , it takes more than right voice on a portable-mp 3 player to result in a good ware . 
0	although the sound-quality is just , it takings more than thoroughly sound on a portable-mp 3 player to result in a unspoilt product . 
1	the camera is very easy to use , in fact on a recent trip this past week i was asked to take a picture of a vacationing elderly group . 
1	the camera is very prosperous to use , in fact on a recent trip this by week i was require to have a impression of a vacationing elderly group . 
1	the camera is very well-situated to enjoyment , in fact on a recent trip this past week i was involve to read a photograph of a vacationing elderly group . 
1	 My brother and I were equally shocked at how loud this thing really is .
1	 My brother and I were equally traumatise at how flashy this thing really is .
1	 My brother and iodin were equally shocked at how loud this thing actually is .
1	+Battery life is awesome IF you upgrade the firmware [requires a windows pc] OR make sure to always plug the ac adapter into the player before plugging into the outlet +Awesome sound quality... I mean it is Creative right? 
1	+Battery life is awesome IF you climb the firmware [requires a windows pc] Oregon micturate sure to always chaw the ac adapter into the player before plugging into the outlet +Awesome fathom caliber... I mean it is Creative right-hand? 
1	+Battery life is awesome IF you upgrade the firmware [requires a windows pc] OR puddle sure to forever nag the ac adaptor into the player before plugging into the outlet +Awesome strait quality... I beggarly it is Creative good? 
1	 Works great !
1	 bring great !
1	 work great !
1	 I 'm sure it would and can be useful in a different setting ; one where you would only need your volume to be at a whisper .
1	 i 'm certain it would and can be useful in a different dress ; one where you would only pauperism your loudness to be at a whisper .
1	 unity 'm indisputable it would and can be useful in a different fructify ; I where you would only pauperism your volume to be at a whisper .
1	they 're pretty comfortable , stay in place and deliver a decent audio quality . 
1	they 're pretty comfortable , stay in localize and bear a decent audio quality . 
1	they 're pretty comfortable , stay in put and deliver a decorous audio quality . 
0	Not a killer problem, but not well done, either.
0	Not a killer problem, but not well arrange, either.
0	Not a killer problem, but not well coif, either.
0	1 ) frame freezes and the family yells , " dad ! somethings wrong with the dvd player ! come quick ! " 
0	1 ) frame halt and the family yells , " dad ! somethings wrong with the dvd musician ! seed quick ! " 
0	1 ) redact freezes and the family yells , " dad ! somethings haywire with the dvd player ! come quickly ! " 
1	 These speakers are incredibly amazing .
1	 These speakers are incredibly beat .
1	 These speakers are incredibly flummox .
1	High quality video and pictures rock!
1	High quality video and film rock!
1	High quality video and pictures tilt!
0	 My only grips are the incompatibility with XP and the USB hub in the display .
0	 My only grip are the repugnance with XP and the USB hub in the expose .
0	 My only grip are the repugnance with XP and the USB hub in the expose .
0	I will say that the OS that the phone runs does have a few issues.
0	I will state that the Os that the phone discharge does have a few issues.
0	I will tell that the OS that the phone rivulet does have a few issuance.
1	Seems to work great.
1	Seems to study great.
1	Seems to work bang-up.
0	however the main reason i am not satisfied with this product is the fact that it will lock up at odd times . 
0	however the chief rationality i am not gratify with this product is the fact that it will lock up at odd meter . 
0	however the main ground i am not slaked with this intersection is the fact that it will lock up at unmatched times . 
1	I've owned this router for over 8 years and am somewhat satisfied with it.
1	I've owned this router for over 8 geezerhood and am reasonably satisfied with it.
1	I've owned this router for over viii years and am somewhat fulfil with it.
0	After consulting with Creative's customer support, they determined that the hard drive was broken and the only recourse was to send it in for repair, which would cost me $40, since it's past the 90 day warranty (pretty short warranty). 
0	After confer with Creative's customer reinforcement, they determined that the knockout drive was founder and the only recourse was to send it in for renovate, which would cost me $40, since it's past the 90 day guarantee (somewhat brusque warranty). 
0	After consulting with Creative's customer confirm, they fix that the arduous force was ruin and the only recourse was to send it in for indemnify, which would cost me $40, since it's past the 90 day guarantee (pretty short guarantee). 
1	So the pretty solid router all around good for the money  here's the link to firmware updates http://www.sveasoft.com/forum6.html      
1	So the pretty substantial router all around estimable for the money  here's the join to microcode updates http://www.sveasoft.com/forum6.html      
1	So the reasonably solid router all around undecomposed for the money  here's the link to microcode updates HTTP://www.sveasoft.com/forum6.html      
1	in terms of the shots taken , this camera is insanely great ! 
1	in terms of the shots accept , this camera is insanely heavy ! 
1	in terms of the shots bring , this camera is insanely dandy ! 
0	 Addition on 4\/14\/2011 \*\*\* I 've just had the 2nd router of this model go bad inside of 5 months .
0	 Addition on 4\/14\/2011 \*\*\* I 've just had the 2nd router of this pose proceed tough privileged of 5 months .
0	 Addition on 4\/fourteen\/2011 \*\*\* I 've just had the 2nd router of this sit croak badly inside of 5 months .
1	other than that this thing is great ... 
1	other than that this matter is great ... 
1	other than that this thing is groovy ... 
0	i called apex 's support number numerous times but it just kept ringing . 
0	i called apex 's support number numerous times but it just save plangency . 
0	i called apex 's tolerate act numerous times but it just kept ringing . 
1	 These monitors are great for the price .
1	 These monitors are great for the damage .
1	 These monitors are swell for the price .
0	but when we went to use it again , there was sound but no picture . 
0	but when we depart to use it again , there was sound but no depiction . 
0	but when we sound to use it again , there was sound but no render . 
1	 Highly recommend getting the Superdrive and the WiFi\/Bluetooth modules .
1	 Highly advocate fix the Superdrive and the WiFi\/Bluetooth modules .
1	 highly recommend engender the Superdrive and the WiFi\/Bluetooth modules .
1	Your choice of ten colors in a beatiful package.  
1	Your choice of ten discolor in a beatiful package.  
1	Your selection of ten colors in a beatiful package.  
0	we got two phones for the t-mobile family plan ( indeed very easy to switch to the family plan ) and one came with a broken headphone ( can hear but cannot be heard ) and one died today after less than two weeks of use . 
0	we convey two phones for the t-mobile sept plan ( indeed very soft to trade to the family plan ) and one came with a violate headphone ( can try but cannot be heard ) and one die today after less than two weeks of manipulation . 
0	we pose two phones for the t-mobile family plan ( indeed very wanton to change to the sept plan ) and one do with a fracture headphone ( can hear but cannot be heard ) and one fail today after less than two weeks of manipulation . 
1	One primary reason for getting a cell phone was so that I could use it as an internet connection for my laptop running linux, where softmodem drivers are hard to find, and don't work very well.
1	nonpareil primary reason for let a cell phone was so that I could usage it as an internet connection for my laptop endure linux, where softmodem drivers are hard to bump, and don't lick very easily.
1	unitary basal reason for engender a cell phone was so that I could use it as an cyberspace connection for my laptop running linux, where softmodem drivers are hard to ascertain, and don't exploit very advantageously.
1	definetely a great camera . 
1	definetely a heavy camera . 
1	definetely a swell camera . 
1	 I bought this monitor from computer direct a couple months ago , and I have been very satisfied with it so far .
1	 1 bought this monitor from figurer calculate a mate months ago , and I have been very satisfied with it so far .
1	 single bribe this monitor from computer orchestrate a couple months ago , and iodin have been very satisfied with it so far .
1	 I've used the Corporate edition at work without any problems ever.
1	 I've expend the Corporate edition at play without any problems ever.
1	 I've used the collective edition at turn without any problems ever.
1	i 'd highly recommend this camera for anyone who is looking for excellent quality pictures and a combination of ease of use and the flexibility to get advanced with many options to adjust if you like . 
1	i 'd highly recommend this camera for anyone who is depend for excellent choice project and a combination of ease of employment and the flexibility to catch boost with many alternative to adjust if you like . 
1	i 'd highly recommend this camera for anyone who is expect for excellent prime photo and a combination of allay of usage and the flexibility to grow raise with many options to adjust if you like . 
0	1 . the size is a little bit bigger than the ipod , and it weighs a little bit more . 
0	1 . the size is a little bit boastful than the ipod , and it librate a little spot more . 
0	1 . the size is a slight bit full-grown than the ipod , and it weighs a little piece more . 
1	I have no problem using iTunes with the Zen Micro (in a makeshift sorta way).   
1	I have no problem employ iTunes with the Zen Micro (in a make-do sorta fashion).   
1	unity have no problem expend iTunes with the Zen Micro (in a makeshift sorta fashion).   
1	Nokia makes great phones, and this one is the cream of the crop.
1	Nokia earn great phones, and this i is the cream of the crop.
1	Nokia realise groovy phones, and this one is the cream of the crop.
1	yes , the picture quality and features which are too numerous to mention are unmatched for any camera in this price range . 
1	yes , the film quality and features which are too numerous to refer are unpaired for any camera in this price compass . 
1	yes , the picture quality and characteristic which are too numerous to reference are unmatched for any camera in this damage rove . 
1	I prefer things that are simple.
1	I prefer things that are simpleton.
1	ane prefer things that are simple.
1	 The speakers are nice , no question about it ; the sound is good for the size ; the range is what you might expect from speakers this size -LRB- perhaps even better than expected -RRB- .
1	 The speakers are nice , no interview about it ; the strait is goodness for the size ; the range is what you might expect from speakers this size -LRB- perhaps evening amend than anticipate -RRB- .
1	 The speakers are squeamish , no dubiousness about it ; the effectual is commodity for the size ; the range is what you might expect from speakers this size -LRB- peradventure even considerably than expected -RRB- .
0	I'm going to try to get a refund but considering all the hoops I jumped through (emails, downloads, reboots, a purge and another download, plus reading through the help menu) a refund should be twice as frustrating.     
0	I'm become to try to get a refund but considering all the hoops unity jumped through (emails, downloads, reboot, a purge and another download, addition translate through the help menu) a repayment should be twice as frustrative.     
0	I'm endure to try to stupefy a refund but believe all the basket I spring through (emails, downloads, reboots, a purge and another download, plus reading through the help fare) a refund should be twice as dun.     
0	a little weighty ( 9 ounces ... no biggie ) , but otherwise fine . 
0	a little rotund ( 9 ounces ... no biggie ) , but otherwise finely . 
0	a little weighty ( nine ounces ... no biggie ) , but otherwise exquisitely . 
1	price ! 
1	Price ! 
1	cost ! 
0	 Initially the sound was low and sounded `` off '' .
0	 Initially the fathom was low and sounded `` off '' .
0	 Initially the sound was scummy and sounded `` off '' .
0	 Have the latest firmware but as many others have described , the router will randomly stop working for 5 minutes then work again .
0	 consume the latest firmware but as many others have described , the router will randomly end functional for 5 instant then work again .
0	 throw the up-to-the-minute firmware but as many others have described , the router will randomly stop mould for 5 bit then work again .
1	the combination of the price , storage size , and player features makes this player the best on the market . 
1	the combination of the price , storage size , and histrion features seduce this player the dear on the market . 
1	the combination of the price , storage size , and player lineament build this player the honest on the market . 
1	has 4x optical zoom which is higher than any other in the same price range . 
1	has 4x optical zoom which is high than any other in the same Price rank . 
1	has 4x visual zoom which is higher than any other in the same cost rank . 
0	 If you want good sound , STAY AWAY !!!
0	 If you privation good sound , STAY AWAY !!!
0	 If you want good sound , quell AWAY !!!
0	i found that low light situations combined with any sort of action left this camera in the dust . 
0	i find that low swooning situations combined with any sort of action depart this camera in the dust . 
0	i rule that low alight situations coalesce with any sort of action left this camera in the dust . 
0	i tried to play the song three times , with no success . 
0	i attempt to play the song deuce-ace times , with no success . 
0	i taste to represent the song three times , with no success . 
1	 Both are absolutely great items .
1	 Both are absolutely expectant items .
1	 Both are absolutely slap-up items .
0	But not good enough for me.
0	But not expert enough for me.
0	only not good enough for me.
1	My experience with installation was quite good.  
1	My experience with installation was quite estimable.  
1	My get with installation was quite good.  
0	Other cameras taking pics of the same subjects turn out looking much better.
0	Other cameras submit pics of the same subjects sprain out looking much better.
0	early cameras taking pics of the same subjects turn out appear much better.
1	 Our purchase of an Acer Monitor was just as we expected .
1	 Our purchase of an Acer proctor was just as we await .
1	 Our purchase of an Acer supervise was just as we bear .
0	Also, for those that complain that the Diaper Champ isn't as effective as time passes, keep the following in mind: AS BABIES GET OLDER, THEIR DIETS CHANGES (aka SOLID FOODS!) AND SO DOES THE SMELL OF THEIR DIAPERS!
0	Also, for those that complain that the Diaper Champ isn't as effective as time authorize, keep the following in mind: AS child GET OLDER, THEIR DIETS modify (aka SOLID FOODS!) AND indeed do THE feeling OF THEIR nappy!
0	Also, for those that complain that the Diaper Champ isn't as effective as time exceed, keep the be in mind: AS BABIES gravel Old, THEIR diet CHANGES (aka upstanding FOODS!) AND soh DOES THE SMELL OF THEIR DIAPERS!
1	great quality picture and features . 
1	great quality delineation and features . 
1	great quality pic and features . 
1	i had no problems setting up the software and getting my favorite cd 's transferred . 
1	i had no problems pose up the software and flummox my pet cd 's transferred . 
1	i had no problems prepare up the software and draw my favourite cd 's transferred . 
1	playlists can be made on the fly , without aid of a computer , and you can use play modes like shuffle and repeat for your ' now playing ' selections or playlists . 
1	playlists can be made on the aviate , without aid of a figurer , and you can manipulation play modes like shuffling and recur for your ' now playing ' selections or playlists . 
1	playlists can be made on the fly , without aid of a computer , and you can employment diddle mode like shamble and recur for your ' now playing ' selections or playlists . 
1	the possibilities with auto , manual , and the very helpful " scene " mode , which offers 11 optimized situational settings like portrait , landscape , beach / snow , sunset etc. , are endless . 
1	the possibilities with car , manual , and the very helpful " picture " mode , which volunteer 11 optimized situational context like portraiture , landscape , beach / snow , sunset etc. , are endless . 
1	the possibility with auto , manual , and the very helpful " shot " mode , which crack 11 optimized situational settings same portrayal , landscape , beach / snow , sunset etc. , are endless . 
1	They are razor sharp, the color balance is perfect, and the focus is great.
1	They are razor sharp, the color equalizer is perfect, and the pore is great.
1	They are razor sharp, the vividness balance is perfect, and the center is great.
1	 Very smooth .
1	 Very smoothen .
1	 Very still .
1	the battery life is amazing . 
1	the battery life is awesome . 
1	the battery lifetime is amazing . 
1	The setup was very easy. 
1	The setup was very slow. 
1	The setup was very slowly. 
1	for the first few weeks , this player was everything i expected it to be , an affordable multi-format dvd player with a stylish slim case as advertised . 
1	for the get-go few weeks , this histrion was everything i gestate it to be , an affordable multi-format dvd participant with a stylish slim showcase as advertised . 
1	for the low few weeks , this thespian was everything i expected it to be , an affordable multi-format videodisk player with a stylish slender font as advertised . 
1	The soft start is a tremendous help for this type of operation.
1	The soft commence is a tremendous help for this case of operation.
1	The soft start is a terrific help for this typecast of operation.
1	Whichever it may be, I'm happy I've made this purchase.  
1	Whichever it may be, I'm felicitous I've get this purchase.  
1	Whichever it whitethorn be, I'm happy I've gain this purchase.  
1	 Set up went pretty well and things seemed good .
1	 Set up went pretty well and things seem good .
1	 lay up went pretty well and things seemed good .
0	i tried to make sense of the file transfer program and just got more confused . 
0	i stress to build sense of the file transfer program and just beget more confused . 
0	i tried to fix sense of the file transfer program and just gravel more bemused . 
1	The sound is bright and clear, the ability to store any MP3's (and not just Apple-approved files) is great, and I plan to make use of the storage space and sound recording from time to time.    
1	The sound is bright and clear, the ability to store any MP3's (and not just Apple-approved files) is peachy, and iodin design to ca-ca expend of the storage space and legal recording from sentence to time.    
1	The sound is hopeful and unmortgaged, the ability to stock any MP3's (and not just Apple-approved files) is groovy, and I plan to attain use of the storage space and levelheaded recording from clip to time.    
1	This is a MUST HAVE product for all new moms!
1	This is a MUST make product for all fresh moms!
1	This is a MUST receive product for all new mama!
0	The box proudly displays "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless Made Simple" "One Touch Setup Button" "Easy Start" "Easy Security" "Easy Everyday"   Apparently Linksys/Cisco knows that ease of setup is crucial. 
0	The box proudly displays "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless Made Simple" "i meet Setup Button" "light Start" "well-heeled Security" "Easy routine"   Apparently Linksys/Cisco knows that ease of setup is crucial. 
0	The box proudly displays "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless Made Simple" "single tint Setup push" "Easy go" "Easy Security" "Easy Everyday"   Apparently Linksys/Cisco knows that simplicity of setup is crucial. 
1	this is probably your best bet if you are looking for a phone in this price range , or like me , do not have the patience to deal with annoying flip phones . 
1	this is probably your safe reckon if you are looking for a phone in this price place , or care me , do not have the patience to pot with annoying flick phones . 
1	this is probably your undecomposed bet if you are looking for a phone in this Price grade , or like me , do not have the patience to mass with annoying thumb earphone . 
0	it also has a stock tracking app built in ( also useless ) and a somewhat useful application which converts all types of metrics ( currency , length , area , etc ) . 
0	it also has a well-worn chase app built in ( also useless ) and a reasonably useful application which convert all types of metrics ( currency , length , expanse , etc ) . 
0	it besides has a fund traverse app built in ( also useless ) and a somewhat useful covering which converts all types of metrics ( currency , length , orbit , etc ) . 
0	Just the home version of Norton Internet/AV has too many glitches and problems to even remotely bother with.
0	Just the home edition of Norton net/AV has too many glitches and problems to even remotely hassle with.
0	fair the plate version of Norton Internet/AV has too many glitches and problems to even remotely rile with.
1	The power is incredible, it cut through MDF and plywood like butter.
1	The king is incredible, it snub through MDF and plywood like butter.
1	The mightiness is incredible, it veer through MDF and plywood like butter.
1	it looks very cool , and seems quite small to me and very light . 
1	it count very cool , and seems quite humble to me and very light . 
1	it expect very cool , and seems quite small to me and very lightness . 
1	 The iPod is a very nice product, which given reasonable care, should give a lot of service.      
1	 The iPod is a very Nice product, which devote reasonable care, should give a hatful of service.      
1	 The iPod is a very nice product, which yield fair care, should founder a lot of service.      
1	There are no specail bags to deal with or buy!
1	There are no specail handbag to mess with or buy!
1	There are no specail purse to distribute with or buy!
1	I find it very stable and comfortable to use, it doesn't jump around or make me feel like I need to use a lot of arm strength to keep it under control, and  it has very good visibility to see your cut.
1	I encounter it very stable and well-situated to use, it doesn't jump roughly or form me feel same i need to employ a lot of arm strength to keep it under control, and  it has very honest visibility to see your cut.
1	I receive it very stable and prosperous to utilisation, it doesn't jump around or make me feel like I need to use a passel of fortify potency to keep it under control, and  it has very good visibility to watch your curve.
1	These tasks are faster and easier than in prior versions, and I found the menu to be much more navigable.
1	These chore are dissolute and easier than in prior versions, and I base the fare to be much more navigable.
1	These undertaking are quick and well-situated than in prior versions, and I happen the menu to be much more navigable.
1	Slow-syncro flash, macro/infinity mode, etc.
1	Slow-syncro flashing, macro/infinity mode, etc.
1	Slow-syncro shoot, macro/infinity mode, etc.
0	Last, i find the price a bit expensive for a product such as this. 
0	death, i see the price a bit expensive for a product such as this. 
0	net, i find the price a bit expensive for a ware such as this. 
1	It is currently permanently mounted (3 years now) in my router table and will most likely stay there until its shot.
1	It is currently permanently bestride (deuce-ace geezerhood now) in my router table and will most probably stay there until its shot.
1	It is presently permanently rise (tercet years now) in my router table and will most likely stay there until its inject.
1	Luckly,with 3 rebates this product will cost me nothing! it is indeed worth nothing.
1	Luckly,with 3 rebates this product will toll me naught! it is indeed worth nil.
1	Luckly,with trinity rebates this product will cost me naught! it is indeed worth zilch.
0	Both of them keep disconnecting on me and interruptions are 3 or 4 times per day at best. 
0	Both of them keep disconnecting on me and interruptions are ternary or IV times per day at skillful. 
0	Both of them keep disconnecting on me and interruptions are troika or foursome times per day at unspoiled. 
1	oh , and the screen saver feature is pretty sweet ^ _ ^ 
1	oh , and the blind saver feature is pretty sweet ^ _ ^ 
1	oh , and the shield saver feature is pretty sweet ^ _ ^ 
1	 I really enjoy this product .
1	 1 really enjoy this product .
1	 I really enjoy this intersection .
1	Hold Button-- suprisingly not all MP3s have this; this allows you  to have all the buttons unusable, so that you don't accidently hit something in your pocket. 
1	clutch Button-- suprisingly not all MP3s have this; this appropriate you  to have all the buttons unuseable, so that you don't accidently bang something in your sack. 
1	deem Button-- suprisingly not all MP3s have this; this reserve you  to have all the clitoris unusable, so that you don't accidently remove something in your sac. 
1	overall i 'm happy with my toy . 
1	boilersuit i 'm happy with my toy . 
1	overall i 'm well-chosen with my toy . 
0	 The user support service isn't too great either.  
0	 The user livelihood service isn't too great either.  
0	 The user support service isn't too large either.  
0	it feels slow to focus , and unbearably slow to shoot . 
0	it feel slow to focus , and unbearably slacken to shoot . 
0	it feels obtuse to focus , and unbearably slow to pip . 
1	the auto setting does a great job most of the time but there are manual settings for those who want them . 
1	the auto prepare does a dandy chore most of the meter but there are manual settings for those who want them . 
1	the auto set does a expectant caper most of the time but there are manual settings for those who privation them . 
0	-- > too difficult to change genre / album / track information for large number of tracks . 
0	-- > too difficult to modification genre / album / track information for magnanimous number of tracks . 
0	-- > too difficult to variety genre / album / racecourse information for large number of tracks . 
0	1. creative mediasource software is ok to rip , catalog & burn music if you are starting from scratch ; but i used musicmatch to rip my cds before i bought the zen ( 278 cds ; 3,400 tracks ; 12.5 gb of music all ripped at 128bps ) and guess what ? 
0	1. creative mediasource software is alright to rip , catalog & burn music if you are start from fret ; but i put-upon musicmatch to rip my cds before i bought the pane ( 278 cds ; 3,400 raceway ; xii.5 gibibyte of music all ripped at 128bps ) and imagine what ? 
0	1. originative mediasource software is OK to snag , catalog & burn music if you are starting from engrave ; but i used musicmatch to rip my cds before i bought the zen ( 278 cds ; iii,400 tracks ; 12.quintet gb of euphony all rive at 128bps ) and surmise what ? 
1	i simply love this feature . 
1	i simply hump this feature . 
1	i simply know this feature . 
1	Even with that, I highly recommend this router - outstanding performer.
1	Even with that, i highly advocate this router - outstanding performer.
1	regular with that, I highly urge this router - outstanding performer.
1	 The Center channel is JBL - S - Center II , this unit is very powerful and produces crystal clear dialogues , and it 's a 3-way speaker system .
1	 The plaza canalize is JBL - S - center II , this unit is very potent and produces crystal exculpated dialogues , and it 's a 3-way speaker system .
1	 The sum channel is JBL - S - Center two , this unit is very knock-down and produces crystal readable dialog , and it 's a 3-way speaker system .
1	 Life is good .
1	 Life is safe .
1	 lifespan is good .
0	i am bored with the silver look . 
0	i am bored with the silver bet . 
0	i am bored with the silvery look . 
0	Once again it won't reinstall, even with online and email assistance from Symantect Technicians.
0	erst again it won't reinstall, evening with online and email assistance from Symantect Technicians.
0	once again it won't reinstall, fifty-fifty with online and email assistance from Symantect Technicians.
0	The only beef that I have with it is that there is a little too much slop in the columns when the lock is not engaged.
0	The only boeuf that ane have with it is that there is a lilliputian too much mire in the columns when the lock is not betroth.
0	The only crab that I have with it is that there is a petty too practically slops in the columns when the lock is not intermeshed.
0	Again, every review written about the Tech Line is true...after waiting close to 45 minutes I finally spoke to a rep.
0	Again, every review written about the Tech Line is dependable...after waiting closemouthed to 45 second iodine finally spoke to a rep.
0	Again, every review written about the Tech melody is unfeigned...after waiting conclude to 45 minutes single finally spoke to a rep.
1	A decent camera phone for taking quick pictures, movies, and having general all around fun with.
1	A decent camera phone for train nimble exposure, movies, and having general all around fun with.
1	amp decent camera telephone for taking quick see, movies, and having general all around fun with.
0	 The internal network still functioned , but it would not pass through the internet signal from the cable modem .
0	 The home network noneffervescent functioned , but it would not crack through the internet signal from the cable modem .
0	 The internal mesh still functioned , but it would not pass through the internet signalize from the telegraph modem .
1	 I did n't get any wierd sounds from the side speakers like I did with my old front speakers .
1	 I did n't cause any wierd sounds from the incline speakers like 1 did with my old front speakers .
1	 I did n't puzzle any wierd sounds from the side speakers like I did with my old strawman verbaliser .
1	i find this to be a great feature . 
1	i discovery this to be a great feature . 
1	i observe this to be a great feature . 
1	i am absolutely in awe of this camera , canon put enormous quality into the g3 . 
1	i am absolutely in veneration of this camera , canon position enormous prize into the g3 . 
1	i am perfectly in veneration of this camera , canon put enormous caliber into the g3 . 
0	 -LRB- lost internet connection with the router , internet service was restored when the computer was connected directly to the modem -RRB- .
0	 -LRB- bemused internet connecter with the router , internet service was bushel when the computer was connected straightaway to the modem -RRB- .
0	 -LRB- missed cyberspace connection with the router , internet service was restored when the computer was colligate straight to the modem -RRB- .
0	Start up, log off, log on...everything became very slow.
0	Start up, log off, log on...everything go very easy.
0	start up, log off, log on...everything became very sluggish.
0	 Display glitches and flashes also occurred .
0	 Display glitches and dart also occurred .
0	 Display glitches and flash also occurred .
1	 The replacement was even worse than the original one , which was now working fine .
1	 The replacement was flush worse than the original one , which was now working exquisitely .
1	 The substitution was even worse than the original single , which was now working fine .
1	the software is very easy to use , and within 30 minutes of opening my box , i was out and about listening to any one of my 80 cds . 
1	the package is very slowly to use , and within 30 bit of scuttle my box , i was out and about listening to any one of my 80 candela . 
1	the software is very well-situated to use , and within 30 second of opening my loge , i was out and about listening to any peerless of my 80 candle . 
0	When you dial a number, you'll need to check the screen to see that the number entered is correct.
0	When you dial a number, you'll need to check the screen to visit that the numeral entered is adjust.
0	When you dial a number, you'll need to cheque the riddle to hear that the number entered is correct.
1	This wonderfully small digital camera produces fantastically good pictures printed on any decent photo-quality printer (with photo quality paper).
1	This wonderfully modest digital camera produces fantastically well pictures printed on any decent photo-quality printer (with photo calibre paper).
1	This wonderfully small digital camera produces fantastically secure ikon printed on any decent photo-quality printer (with photograph quality paper).
1	If you on the other hand always use automatic settings (and not manual) you should be just fine, as the camera features some of the best automatic settings I have ever seen.
1	If you on the other give always employment reflex settings (and not manual) you should be just fine, as the camera features some of the advantageously automatic circumstance I have ever insure.
1	If you on the other hand always usance robotic settings (and not manual) you should be just fine, as the camera features some of the effective machinelike settings unity have ever encounter.
0	Also, when I dial an "800" number like an airline, it will not allow me to use number keys to navigatee the prerecorded menu.
0	Also, when I dial an "800" number same an airline, it will not permit me to expend number keys to navigatee the prerecorded fare.
0	likewise, when I dial an "800" number corresponding an airline, it will not tolerate me to apply number keys to navigatee the prerecorded menu.
0	It is not reliable.  
0	It is not dependable.  
0	It is not honest.  
1	it comes with a good case that fits it snuggly . 
1	it comes with a good character that tantrum it snuggly . 
1	it derive with a skilful case that fits it snuggly . 
0	Diapers can get stuck when turned around if you don't tightly wrap them first. 
0	Diapers can become mystify when turned around if you don't tightly wrap them first. 
0	Diapers can come stuck when turned approximately if you don't tightly wrap them first. 
0	i assumed they had exceptional service , but their reception in my area ( los angeles ) is horrendous . 
0	i presume they had surpassing service , but their reception in my arena ( los angeles ) is horrendous . 
0	i pretended they had exceeding service , but their reception in my area ( los angeles ) is awful . 
1	With the Champ all you had to do was drop the dirty diaper into the opening and flip the lid.
1	With the Champ all you had to do was overlook the contaminating diaper into the unfold and pass the lid.
1	With the Champ all you had to do was unload the colly diaper into the initiative and flip-flop the lid.
0	my only significant complaint is sound quality . 
0	my only significant complaint is voice quality . 
0	my only significant complaint is well-grounded quality . 
0	just too numerous to list: FM radio, which has weak reception, but at least it there, and a microphone, to name just two. 
0	just too legion to leaning: FM radio, which has faint reception, but at least it there, and a microphone, to distinguish just two. 
0	just too numerous to list: fermium radio, which has infirm reception, but at least it there, and a microphone, to epithet just ii. 
1	The software with the iPod includes iTunes, which allows you to play the music on your computer, rip CDs onto your computer, and move your music from the computer to the iPod. 
1	The software with the iPod includes iTunes, which leave you to dally the music on your computer, pull cd onto your computer, and displace your music from the figurer to the iPod. 
1	The software with the iPod includes iTunes, which leave you to shimmer the medicine on your computer, blood candela onto your computer, and move your music from the reckoner to the iPod. 
1	 These speakers are great .
1	 These speakers are smashing .
1	 These verbaliser are great .
1	 The ability to connect an external hard drive to the router is a nice feature when backing up from my various computers .
1	 The ability to associate an external difficult drive to the router is a nice feature when gage up from my diverse computers .
1	 The ability to relate an external knockout drive to the router is a prissy have when backing up from my various computers .
1	the menus are very easy to navigate . 
1	the menus are very well-fixed to navigate . 
1	the menus are very well-to-do to navigate . 
1	I've had nothing but good luck with T-Mobile.
1	I've had nothing but undecomposed luck with T-Mobile.
1	I've had nothing but unspoilt luck with T-Mobile.
1	 I exchanged this from an LG that I bought for nearly twice as much and the colors on the LG were not at all as nice as this .
1	 1 exchanged this from an LG that I bought for virtually twice as practically and the colour on the LG were not at all as courteous as this .
1	 one change this from an LG that I bought for nigh twice as much and the colours on the LG were not at all as dainty as this .
1	the WRT54G plus the HGA7T is a perfect solution if you need wireless coverage in a wider area or for a hard-walled house as was my case.     
1	the WRT54G addition the HGA7T is a consummate solution if you need wireless coverage in a encompassing area or for a hard-walled home as was my vitrine.     
1	the WRT54G positive the HGA7T is a everlasting solvent if you indigence wireless coverage in a wider area or for a hard-walled house as was my instance.     
1	 I followed the easy instructions in the manual , and once online at the router 's login , there is a setup Wizard which will work with your OS if you choose to use it .
1	 ace come the easy instructions in the manual , and once online at the router 's login , there is a setup thaumaturge which will run with your oxygen if you choose to utilise it .
1	 unity comply the loose instructions in the manual , and once on-line at the router 's login , there is a setup Wizard which will work with your Os if you select to use it .
1	the camera has a wonderful set of features . 
1	the camera has a wonderful dress of features . 
1	the camera has a wonderful lot of features . 
0	It seemed as if we were empting the pail everyday and it was in no way odorless.
0	It appear as if we were empting the pail casual and it was in no fashion odorless.
0	It seemed as if we were empting the pail daily and it was in no room odourless.
0	software definitely sucks , hangs up my notebook about half the time , but i do n't mind buying notmad . 
0	software definitely breastfeed , hangs up my notebook about half the time , but i do n't heed purchasing notmad . 
0	software unquestionably sucking , advert up my notebook about half the time , but i do n't mind buying notmad . 
1	the scroll button seems ok , i have no problems with it . 
1	the gyre button seems ok , i have no problem with it . 
1	the ringlet button seems okeh , i have no problems with it . 
1	But the product iself is great.  
1	But the product iself is cracking.  
1	simply the product iself is great.  
0	As a Windows user, I had to install the software including drivers and iTunes on my desktop, and this is the only area where I encountered a nuisance. 
0	As a Windows user, I had to establish the software including drivers and iTunes on my background, and this is the only region where one encountered a pain. 
0	As a Windows user, i had to install the software include drivers and iTunes on my desktop, and this is the only region where I see a pain. 
1	i 'm glad canon decided to keep the 4mp resolution and improved upon it with new technology ; 
1	i 'm glad canon adjudicate to support the 4mp answer and improved upon it with new technology ; 
1	i 'm glad canon decided to livelihood the 4mp resolve and ameliorate upon it with new technology ; 
1	Also, you have to use it with iTunes - or they'll sue, dammit!  But iTunes is about as good as anything. 
1	Also, you have to usage it with iTunes - or they'll action, dammit!  just iTunes is about as expert as anything. 
1	too, you have to consumption it with iTunes - or they'll sue, dammit!  just iTunes is about as sound as anything. 
1	for a price that 's still less than even the lowest level ipod i was able to get this 40gb monster , and the best part is it works as great as it was advertised to and then some . 
1	for a price that 's placid less than level the lowest charge ipod i was capable to sire this 40gb monster , and the comfortably part is it works as majuscule as it was advertised to and then some . 
1	for a price that 's tranquillise less than evening the humble level ipod i was able to puzzle this 40gb ogre , and the serious part is it exercise as great as it was advertised to and then some . 
1	Glad to see the Ed. revised the previous statements regarding image quality. 
1	Glad to reckon the Ed. revised the former statements regarding image quality. 
1	Glad to see the Ed. revised the previous statements reckon trope quality. 
1	 Setup was very easy .
1	 Setup was very slow .
1	 Setup was very sluttish .
1	So I can't tell you if Diaper Champ will be as good at containing the formula generated poop smell, but it's excellent at containing the smell of poop of my breastfed baby!
1	So I can't separate you if Diaper Champ will be as respectable at contain the formula generated poop scent, but it's first-class at containing the smell of ninny of my breastfed baby!
1	then ace can't tell you if Diaper Champ will be as soundly at take the rule generated poop smell, but it's splendid at containing the smell of poop of my breastfed baby!
1	* price and capacity 
1	* price and capability 
1	* price and content 
0	the first one would n't work from the start . 
0	the first one would n't act from the start . 
0	the first unity would n't work from the start . 
0	As a computer, or PDA its weak since the screen, while large by phone standards, is still tiny to really do anything on.
0	arsenic a computer, or PDA its weak since the screen, while enceinte by phone standards, is yet midget to really do anything on.
0	axerophthol a computer, or PDA its feeble since the covert, while great by phone standards, is still tiny to really do anything on.
1	 I still give the iPod five stars, though, as it could have been something I did incorrectly during the install (though I did follow the onscreen prompts) so I'll give Apple the benefit of the doubt.
1	 ace still dedicate the iPod quint lead, though, as it could have been something 1 did incorrectly during the install (though I did follow the onscreen move) so I'll spring Apple the benefit of the doubt.
1	 ace tranquillise commit the iPod five whizz, though, as it could have been something I did incorrectly during the install (though one did follow the onscreen prompts) so I'll generate Apple the benefit of the doubtfulness.
1	But this DOES work even if you turn off the LCD viewing -- great  battery saver.
1	But this DOES act even if you wrench off the LCD watch -- great  battery saver.
1	but this DOES influence even if you turn off the LCD viewing -- gravid  battery saver.
1	The fact that you can assign ringtones to people and/or groups is really cool.
1	The fact that you can assign ringtones to people and/or grouping is real nerveless.
1	The fact that you can impute ringtones to multitude and/or groups is really sang-froid.
1	compared to musicmatch , the software has a better filing system and easier to use . 
1	compared to musicmatch , the software has a honest filing system and easier to manipulation . 
1	compared to musicmatch , the software has a meliorate filing system and easier to habituate . 
1	 This small size speaker system pumps out great sounds with most MP3 players , including Sansas and Ipods .
1	 This belittled size speaker system pumps out corking sounds with most MP3 player , including Sansas and Ipods .
1	 This modest size talker system pumps out bully sounds with most MP3 players , including Sansas and Ipods .
0	As for the Zen Micro:\  Cons:  I read that every button is touch sensitive, and thats very annoying when all the main buttons are on the front. 
0	arsenic for the Zen Micro:\  convict:  I read that every button is allude sensitive, and thats very pestering when all the main buttons are on the movement. 
0	as for the pane Micro:\  mulct:  I scan that every button is touch sensitive, and thats very annoying when all the main clitoris are on the front. 
1	progressive scan player for a relatively low price ( although the better known manufacturers like toshiba , pioneer , and panasonic are now offering lower-priced progressive scan players as well ) . 
1	progressive scan player for a relatively grim price ( although the good cognise manufacturers like toshiba , pioneer , and panasonic are now oblation lower-priced progressive read players as well ) . 
1	progressive skim player for a relatively humbled price ( although the better bed manufacturers like toshiba , pioneer , and panasonic are now offer lower-priced progressive scan players as easily ) . 
1	SIMPLE AND IT WORKS!
1	SIMPLE AND IT sour!
1	SIMPLE AND IT work!
1	 Shipping was fast and they are very easy to set up .
1	 Shipping was fast and they are very well-heeled to mark up .
1	 transportation was fast and they are very easy to typeset up .
1	Can recommend the Hitachi in this ergonomic arena -- at the price quoted on Amazon it is a bargain.
1	behind urge the Hitachi in this ergonomic arena -- at the toll quoted on Amazon it is a bargain.
1	canful recommend the Hitachi in this ergonomic field -- at the price quoted on virago it is a bargain.
0	There is not a word about satellite issues in either the user guide or the "knowledge" database at linksys.com, and first tech support person I spoke with kept me on the phone for an hour, then gave me a web site address to consult--that turned out to be the one I'd already found during a search of my own.  
0	There is not a news about satellite exit in either the user pathfinder or the "noesis" database at linksys.com, and showtime tech support soul I address with save me on the ring for an hour, then break me a web site address to consult--that work out to be the one I'd already base during a search of my own.  
0	There is not a word about planet release in either the user draw or the "knowledge" database at linksys.com, and first tech affirm person I spoke with keep me on the phone for an hour, then open me a net site savoir-faire to consult--that wrick out to be the unrivaled I'd already determine during a research of my own.  
1	All in all, this is a great phone.
1	All in all, this is a expectant phone.
1	entirely in all, this is a great phone.
1	The darn thing works as promised and it's amazingly cheap too. 
1	The darn thing work as promised and it's amazingly tacky too. 
1	The darn thing works as anticipate and it's amazingly brassy too. 
1	Linksys quality and tech support have been outstanding.     
1	Linksys quality and tech reenforcement have been outstanding.     
1	Linksys quality and tech support have been striking.     
1	 The operation with the increased memory option was flawless with the Windows 7 Home Professional instaled otherwise other netbooks with Windows 7 Starter doesnt allow , and nobody mention this .
1	 The operation with the increased memory option was flawless with the Windows VII abode pro instal otherwise other netbooks with Windows 7 Starter doesnt allow , and cipher mention this .
1	 The operation with the increased memory option was flawless with the Windows septet national Professional instaled otherwise other netbooks with Windows heptad fledgling doesnt allow , and nobody credit this .
0	I would give it about 6 or 7 hours, although it will probably get better after a few charge cycles.  
0	I would devote it about 6 or 7 hours, although it will probably experience dear after a few point cycles.  
0	I would give it about half-dozen or 7 hours, although it will probably arrest practiced after a few load cycles.  
1	It can not be the computer or the owner, since I purchased McAfee Anti-Virus 8 and it installs and works fine with no problems.
1	It can not be the computer or the owner, since i purchase McAfee Anti-Virus 8 and it installs and lick delicately with no problems.
1	It can not be the figurer or the owner, since unity purchased McAfee Anti-Virus ogdoad and it installs and mold fine with no problems.
0	 One last note , I purchased this monitor with a higher price than what you can get in the states .
0	 One concluding tone , I purchased this reminder with a higher price than what you can get in the states .
0	 One lastly note , I purchased this monitor with a higher price than what you can father in the submit .
0	 There is also no voice recording, something most if not all MP3 players have that the iPod doesn't.
0	 There is also no phonation commemorate, something most if not all MP3 histrion have that the iPod doesn't.
0	 thither is also no sound memorialise, something most if not all MP3 players have that the iPod doesn't.
1	the software runs smooth , it 's nice to look at , it 's very organized , easy to follow and makes things very simple . 
1	the software ladder politic , it 's nice to looking at , it 's very organized , easy to follow and nominate things very simple . 
1	the software prevail still , it 's nice to reckon at , it 's very organized , easy to follow and clear things very simple . 
0	first , the player did not allow me to access the menus of dvds . 
0	first , the player did not earmark me to admission the menus of dvds . 
0	first , the thespian did not allow me to approach the menus of dvds . 
1	all-in-all , this is another excellent creative product . 
1	all-in-all , this is another excellent creative production . 
1	all-in-all , this is another first-class creative product . 
0	The next problem was that it didn't recognize all the installed components, so it would not update them, most notably and importantly, virus definitions.
0	The next problem was that it didn't realize all the install element, so it would not update them, most notably and importantly, virus definition.
0	The succeeding problem was that it didn't realize all the install ingredient, so it would not update them, most notably and importantly, virus definitions.
1	 Its tiny and has really decent sound for something so small .
1	 Its tiny and has really decent effectual for something so diminished .
1	 Its tiny and has truly decent phone for something so small .
1	The Zen lives up to the audio quality I love and expect.  
1	The Zen lifetime up to the audio quality I love and bear.  
1	The dot lives up to the audio prize I love and expect.  
1	i found using the supplied mediasource software very easy . 
1	i found using the render mediasource software very easy . 
1	i notice using the supplied mediasource software very easy . 
1	 My blu-ray player and WD Live TV box normally lean back , smile , and light up a smoke after a good firmware upgrade , and perform well forever thereafter .
1	 My blu-ray player and WD Live TV box normally lean spine , smile , and alight up a dope after a skilful firmware upgrade , and perform well everlastingly thereafter .
1	 My blu-ray player and WD populate TV box normally lean backward , smile , and faint up a smoke after a ripe firmware raise , and perform well forever thereafter .
1	Update (March 2005): My son has been out of diapers for almost 2 years now, but the Diaper Champ hung in there till the very end - easy to use, no problems with odors, and one of the best bargains among all of the paraphernalia required for the modern baby :-)
1	Update (edge 2005): My son has been out of diaper for almost 2 geezerhood now, but the Diaper Champ flow in there till the very end - well-off to manipulation, no problems with odors, and unitary of the right bargains among all of the paraphernalia required for the Modern baby :-)
1	Update (parade 2005): My boy has been out of diapers for well-nigh 2 years now, but the Diaper Champ hung in there till the very goal - slow to utilize, no problems with odors, and ace of the just bargains among all of the paraphernalia required for the New baby :-)
1	I think it's great.
1	I think it's neat.
1	ace think it's great.
0	after two weeks the picture kept freezing . 
0	after two weeks the picture continue freezing . 
0	after two weeks the render kept freezing . 
1	 Even better , you do n't have to worry about constantly replacing batteries .
1	 Even better , you do n't have to worry about forever substitute batteries .
1	 Even dear , you do n't have to worry about constantly replacing bombardment .
0	 You guys need to hire new repair technicians because the ones that are in the repair center obviously have no idea what they are doing .
0	 You guys take to charter new repair technicians because the 1 that are in the repair marrow apparently have no idea what they are doing .
0	 You hombre take to charter new repair technicians because the ones that are in the fix halfway obviously have no idea what they are doing .
0	  The thing has survived plenty of falls with little or no damage, except the inevitable scratches.
0	  The thing has last raft of falls with little or no damage, except the inevitable lettuce.
0	  The thing has survived plenty of light with little or no damage, demur the inevitable slit.
1	the volume range is great , so you can blast it if you want . 
1	the book ramble is great , so you can blast it if you want . 
1	the volume range is expectant , so you can smash it if you want . 
1	Have had the Nokia 6600 for a year now and am generally very happy with it and with T-Mobile.
1	accept had the Nokia 6600 for a year now and am broadly very felicitous with it and with T-Mobile.
1	sustain had the Nokia 6600 for a yr now and am generally very felicitous with it and with T-Mobile.
1	for those of us that like to tinker , i think creative offers some advantages . 
1	for those of us that like to tinker , i reckon creative extend some advantages . 
1	for those of us that wish to tinker , i think creative propose some advantages . 
0	After reading reviews of LCD problems, cracked, black blobs etc, I figured that it was probably a very limited problem. 
0	After recital reviews of LCD problems, fruity, fateful blobs etc, one figured that it was probably a very limited problem. 
0	afterward record reviews of LCD problems, cracked, grim blobs etc, I reckon that it was probably a very limited problem. 
0	Though nearly a dozen different people at both T-Mobile and Nokia have told me otherwise, it is simply not possible to use this phone as a Bluetooth modem for the vast majority of PDAs and many other devices.
0	Though almost a dozen different mass at both T-Mobile and Nokia have distinguish me otherwise, it is just not potential to employment this sound as a Bluetooth modem for the vast majority of PDAs and many other devices.
0	Though near a dozen dissimilar multitude at both T-Mobile and Nokia have secern me otherwise, it is but not possible to manipulation this phone as a Bluetooth modem for the vast majority of PDA and many other devices.
1	you of course have some good customization options with the unit as well ( sound presets , navigating options , playlists , etc ) . 
1	you of course have some good customization option with the unit as well ( levelheaded presets , navigating selection , playlists , etc ) . 
1	you of run have some right customization selection with the unit as well ( sound presets , navigating options , playlists , etc ) . 
0	can 't say whether i rec 'd an " updated " model but it will not read dvd + rw 's or vcd 's for me . 
0	can 't allege whether i rec 'd an " updated " manakin but it will not learn DVD + rw 's or vcd 's for me . 
0	can 't state whether i rec 'd an " updated " pattern but it will not record videodisc + rw 's or vcd 's for me . 
0	The phone does not have an Mp3-player, FM radio, 200k+ color screen, megapixel camera, quad band, PDA, photo editor.
0	The earphone does not have an Mp3-player, FM radio, 200k+ color filmdom, megapixel camera, quad band, organiser, photo editor.
0	The phone does not have an Mp3-player, FM radio, 200k+ colourise concealment, megapixel camera, quad band, organiser, photo editor.
1	i have no complaints with this mp3 player . 
1	i have no complaints with this mp3 instrumentalist . 
1	i have no complaints with this mp3 participant . 
0	mine was 2 weeks old and i chucked it in the trash , where it belongs . 
0	mine was 2 weeks honest-to-goodness and i chuck it in the trumpery , where it belongs . 
0	mine was 2 weeks previous and i disgorge it in the crank , where it belongs . 
1	They say that they are the best pictures they have ever see from a compact. 
1	They order that they are the best delineation they have ever see from a stocky. 
1	They say that they are the effective scene they have ever regard from a compact. 
1	 Reliable , Highly available and ease of administration and forget about me -LRB- Do n't bother anymore -RRB- equipment !
1	 Reliable , Highly available and alleviate of administration and forget about me -LRB- practise n't rile anymore -RRB- equipment !
1	 Reliable , Highly usable and relief of administration and forget about me -LRB- practise n't bother anymore -RRB- equipment !
0	Still has terrible software.  
0	Still has horrendous software.  
0	Still has terrible package.  
1	+looks snazzy +smaller than a pack of smokes - easily transported +ac charger included as well as a hardshell that comes with a clip and a stand adapter +USB cable !
1	+expression snazzy +smaller than a plurality of smokes - easily transfer +ac charger admit as well as a hardshell that comes with a clip and a endure adapter +USB cable !
1	+looks snazzy +smaller than a plurality of sess - easily transported +ac charger included as substantially as a hardshell that comes with a prune and a tie-up adapter +USB cable !
0	During install, NIS would either freeze or not reboot properly when asked to do so.
0	During install, nickel would either immobilize or not reboot properly when ask to do so.
0	During install, nickel would either suspend or not reboot decently when asked to do so.
1	 I took them to a different room and tested them with my mp3 player , where they worked fine and sounded pretty good .
1	 I contain them to a different room and time-tested them with my mp3 player , where they crop fine and sounded pretty goodness .
1	 I select them to a unlike room and tested them with my mp3 player , where they worked alright and vocalize pretty good .
1	the built in fm radio is excellent for people traveling by public transport . 
1	the progress in fm radio is excellent for people traveling by world transport . 
1	the reinforced in fm radio is excellent for people traveling by public raptus . 
1	sound quality is amazing. i was expecting worse , but its really good ( especially if your files have good sound quality ) . 
1	intelligent quality is amazing. i was expecting worse , but its really upright ( especially if your files have adept sound choice ) . 
1	sound choice is awesome. i was bear worse , but its really good ( especially if your files have skillful sound quality ) . 
1	i have over 2000 files in my playlist at the moment and the random does a nice job mixing it up . 
1	i have over 2000 file in my playlist at the moment and the random does a squeamish chore commix it up . 
1	i have over 2000 files in my playlist at the second and the random does a prissy task flux it up . 
1	the loud speaker function on the 6610 is great because you do n't need to put your phone right next to your ear to talk . 
1	the cheap speaker work on the 6610 is great because you do n't need to put your ring mighty next to your ear to utter . 
1	the loud verbalizer routine on the 6610 is bully because you do n't want to put your phone right next to your ear to speak . 
0	 I used this monitor for 2 years and now it shows a mixture of various colors and de-focused text .
0	 I used this monitor for 2 yr and now it appearance a smorgasbord of various colors and de-focused text .
0	 ace used this monitor for 2 years and now it demonstrate a intermixture of various colors and de-focused text .
1	playlists can be generated on the fly ( which is a bit clunky but still a really nice bonus ) or by using the software , and there are a bevy of eq options . 
1	playlists can be generated on the fly ( which is a number clumsy but unruffled a really gracious bonus ) or by victimisation the software , and there are a bevy of eq option . 
1	playlists can be generated on the pilot ( which is a spot clunky but relieve a genuinely nice fillip ) or by victimization the software , and there are a bevy of eq options . 
1	This is my second digital camera, but I'm much more impressed with the Canon S100 Digital Elph than I EVER was with my Kodak DC240.
1	This is my 2nd digital camera, but I'm much more affect with the Canon S100 digital Elph than 1 ever was with my Kodak DC240.
1	This is my indorse digital camera, but I'm practically more shanghai with the Canon S100 Digital Elph than one always was with my Kodak DC240.
0	* lens visible in optical viewfinder . 
0	* lens visible in opthalmic viewfinder . 
0	* lens visible in optic viewfinder . 
1	try before you buy if at all possible : although i am a mac addict now for over a decade and everyone i know has previously bought an ipod , the nomad zen xtra was a far better value and is just as easy to use with regards to both hardware and software interface . 
1	seek before you corrupt if at all possible : although i am a mac addict now for over a decade and everyone i love has previously bought an ipod , the nomad Elvis xtra was a FAR secure valuate and is just as slowly to function with heed to both hardware and software interface . 
1	taste before you buy if at all possible : although i am a macintosh addict now for over a tenner and everyone i screw has previously bought an ipod , the nomad zen xtra was a far honorable prise and is just as gentle to manipulation with esteem to both ironware and software interface . 
0	the front cover can pop off easily but i always have mine in the case so i did n't notice after first day . 
0	the front cross can pappa off well but i always have mine in the casing so i did n't notice after first day . 
0	the front report can pop off easily but i always have mine in the incase so i did n't poster after commencement day . 
1	the zen xtra sounds great with good headphone and well recored mp3s . 
1	the zen xtra go great with good earpiece and well recored mp3s . 
1	the zen xtra sounds smashing with unspoilt headphone and well recored mp3s . 
1	 Obviously , one of the advantages of this design is the improvement in sound quality , but there is the disadvantage as well of potential damage .
1	 Obviously , single of the advantage of this design is the improvement in levelheaded quality , but there is the disfavor as well of potential damage .
1	 manifestly , one of the advantage of this design is the melioration in sound prime , but there is the disadvantage as well of potential damage .
1	 Overall, this product is AWESOME. 
1	 Overall, this product is awful. 
1	 Overall, this product is awing. 
1	 Then I would say that this LCD monitor have many feature in one piece .
1	 Then I would order that this LCD Monitor have many feature in one piece .
1	 Then I would say that this LCD varan have many feature in one opus .
0	it has never worked . 
0	it has never act . 
0	it has never crop . 
0	the case is strong and stylish , but unfortunately lacks a window ( now a big deal ) . 
0	the character is solid and stylish , but unfortunately lacks a window ( now a big bargain ) . 
0	the subject is strong and stylish , but unfortunately lacks a window ( now a adult heap ) . 
0	It was a Symantec error.
0	IT was a Symantec error.
0	It was a Symantec wrongdoing.
0	They have a good concept here, and I normally expect a lot better quality from Creative, so maybe they will do better with the next gen version, but for now I say buyer beware.  
0	They have a commodity concept here, and i normally expect a passel substantially quality from Creative, so maybe they will do good with the next gen version, but for now 1 say buyer beware.  
0	They have a salutary concept here, and I normally await a mountain safe quality from Creative, so maybe they will do skillful with the next gen version, but for now I aver buyer beware.  
1	Along the way we compared it to my wife's T720i and the 6600 was superior in terms of battery life, connectivity bars and features.
1	Along the way we compared it to my wife's T720i and the 6600 was ranking in terms of battery aliveness, connectivity BAR and characteristic.
1	Along the way we compared it to my wife's T720i and the 6600 was superior in damage of battery lifespan, connectivity streak and lineament.
1	I did not have any of the installation problems that people highlighted here.
1	1 did not have any of the installation problems that multitude highlighted here.
1	ane did not have any of the initiation problems that people highlighted here.
1	I got this phone yesterday and didn't find any problems with it yet.
1	I got this headphone yesterday and didn't bump any problems with it yet.
1	single engender this phone yesterday and didn't find any problems with it yet.
1	 - Looks fantastic , esp w\/iPhone4 docked !!
1	 - Looks marvellous , esp w\/iPhone4 docked !!
1	 - flavor fantastic , esp w\/iPhone4 docked !!
1	it has great battery life , fm radio , excellent signal , hands free speakerphone ( which i have to say is probably my favorite function ) and downloadable java apps . 
1	it has great battery living , fm tuner , excellent signal , give liberate speakerphone ( which i have to say is probably my favorite officiate ) and downloadable java apps . 
1	it has great battery sprightliness , fm radio , excellent betoken , hand detached speakerphone ( which i have to order is probably my favorite function ) and downloadable java apps . 
1	I can connect to my computer via bluetooth to transfer images, calender events, contacts and anything else.
1	I can connect to my estimator via bluetooth to transfer effigy, calender events, liaison and anything else.
1	I can connect to my estimator via bluetooth to transfer paradigm, calender events, reach and anything else.
1	the dvd player is fine . 
1	the dvd musician is fine . 
1	the dvd player is ticket . 
1	the camera is a dream to operate in automode , but also gives tremendous flexibility in aperture priority , shutter priority , and manual modes . 
1	the camera is a dream to operate in automode , but also establish enormous flexibility in aperture antecedency , shutter priority , and manual mode . 
1	the camera is a dream to operate in automode , but also make terrific flexibility in aperture anteriority , shutter priority , and manual mood . 
0	) WORST FEATURE POSSIBLE, THIS ALONE MAKES IT RATE ONE STAR: What's up with no recharge cord? 
0	) WORST FEATURE POSSIBLE, THIS ALONE nominate IT rate ONE whizz: What's up with no recharge cord? 
0	) WORST feature POSSIBLE, THIS ALONE stimulate IT RATE ONE headliner: What's up with no recharge cord? 
1	Best phone i've ever owned, period.
1	Best headphone i've ever owned, period.
1	ripe phone i've ever owned, period.
1	however , its 3x optical setting is acceptable for 70 % of the shots that i take . 
1	however , its 3x optical localise is acceptable for 70 % of the slam that i strike . 
1	nonetheless , its 3x optical dress is acceptable for 70 % of the shots that i drive . 
1	overall an excellent phone . 
1	overall an excellent sound . 
1	overall an fantabulous phone . 
1	this thing plays everything i feed it . 
1	this thing plays everything i course it . 
1	this thing wager everything i feed it . 
0	The only other problem was that security for the wireless connection.  
0	The only other job was that security for the wireless association.  
0	The only other job was that security for the wireless connective.  
1	I don't believe this camera is still available. But if you can find one, you might like to get it.
1	I don't believe this camera is stillness available. But if you can find I, you might ilk to arrest it.
1	I don't believe this camera is tranquilize available. But if you can ascertain one, you might same to draw it.
1	another plus in my book , no file limits ! 
1	another plus in my book , no file boundary ! 
1	another plus in my script , no file limits ! 
0	First, it serious, serious installation problems.
0	First, it serious, grievous installation problems.
0	First, it serious, serious instalment problems.
0	It took me three days, to the tune of Neil Young's song "Piece Of Cr--!", to get this to work with the satellite hookup I was hired to connect this wireless network up to.  
0	It adopt me three days, to the tune of Neil Young's song "assemble Of Cr--!", to stimulate this to run with the satellite hookup I was take to connect this wireless net up to.  
0	It engage me three daytime, to the tune of Neil Young's song "tack Of Cr--!", to start this to work with the satellite hookup I was leased to connect this wireless net up to.  
1	I do not count this as a negative, however, because it is not that much of a nuisance and at the price for what you get this router is way too good to pass up!!!
1	I do not reckoning this as a veto, yet, because it is not that much of a nuisance and at the price for what you contract this router is mode too unspoiled to expire up!!!
1	unity do not consider this as a damaging, however, because it is not that much of a pain and at the price for what you sire this router is way too undecomposed to passport up!!!
0	the included earbuds were uncomfortable . 
0	the admit earbuds were uncomfortable . 
0	the include earbuds were uncomfortable . 
1	i got this camera about a month ago and i can 't put it down . 
1	i stimulate this camera about a month agone and i can 't set it down . 
1	i sustain this camera about a month agone and i can 't cast it down . 
0	 However , some of the latest bandwidth hogging software was starting to bog it down , to the point where I was having to reset it and my computer far too often in order to reclaim a dropped Internet connection .
0	 However , some of the belated bandwidth hogging software was jump to bog it down , to the point where I was having to readjust it and my reckoner far too often in ordain to rectify a shed Internet connection .
0	 However , some of the latest bandwidth hogging package was starting to bog it down , to the target where I was having to reset it and my computer far too oft in rank to domesticise a neglect Internet connectedness .
0	Also the battery life isn't great but it's sufficient for my needs.
0	Also the battery life isn't bully but it's sufficient for my ask.
0	Also the battery life-time isn't great but it's sufficient for my motive.
1	The blue light also makes this player one of the most fashionable in the market also.  
1	The blue illumination also have this player unity of the most fashionable in the market also.  
1	The racy light also attain this player one of the most fashionable in the marketplace also.  
1	the scroll wheel is better than the ipod 's as well , in that you do n't risk giving yourself a cramp running your thumb around in circles endlessly - just a small nudge of the finger and you 're there . 
1	the scroll bike is respectable than the ipod 's as comfortably , in that you do n't risk consecrate yourself a cramp scat your thumb round in circles endlessly - just a small-scale nudge of the finger and you 're there . 
1	the scroll wheel is intimately than the ipod 's as wellspring , in that you do n't risk big yourself a strangle running your thumb around in rope endlessly - just a small-scale nudge of the digit and you 're there . 
1	- Replaceable battery. 
1	- Replaceable bombardment. 
1	- replaceable battery. 
1	I got a 1GB MMC upgrade for this phone and now I can:
1	1 mystify a 1GB MMC upgrade for this phone and now I can:
1	I sustain a 1GB MMC upgrade for this phone and now ace can:
0	It's not as stylized as a Sony or Samsung.
0	It's not as stylise as a Sony or Samsung.
0	It's not as stylize as a Sony or Samsung.
1	 I spent 1.5 hours on the phone with their Tech Support -LRB- you get connected right away and do n't have to wait -RRB- and got at least my iMac and MacBook back online .
1	 I spent 1.5 hour on the phone with their Tech subscribe -LRB- you develop associate decent away and do n't have to wait -RRB- and dumbfound at least my iMac and MacBook backbone online .
1	 I spent I.quintet hours on the phone with their Tech Support -LRB- you arrest connected justly by and do n't have to waiting -RRB- and become at least my iMac and MacBook back online .
1	Go for the Champ.
1	belong for the Champ.
1	extend for the Champ.
0	nice machines , but i consider their quality pretty low now . 
0	courteous machines , but i consider their quality pretty depressed now . 
0	nice machines , but i consider their prize pretty blue now . 
1	Regardless to this fact, I believe the Champ is the best way to go.
1	Regardless to this fact, I believe the champion is the best way to XTC.
1	Regardless to this fact, i believe the Champ is the best way to perish.
1	You'll love it!
1	You'll beloved it!
1	You'll fuck it!
0	I will NEVER buy their product again at this rate, and neither should you.
0	ane will NEVER buy their ware again at this rate, and neither should you.
0	iodin will NEVER buy their merchandise again at this rate, and neither should you.
1	+ i had no problem using musicmatch software already on my computer to load songs and albums onto this unit 
1	+ i had no problem practice musicmatch software already on my computer to adulterate songs and album onto this unit 
1	+ i had no trouble using musicmatch software already on my figurer to load birdcall and albums onto this unit 
0	I built my own router table with a tilt up top & made a hand crank to replace the height adjustment knob & these two things make it easy to change out & raise or lower the bits.
0	I reinforced my own router table with a tip up meridian & made a paw crank to replace the height modification knob & these two things make it slowly to variety out & raise or lower the bits.
0	ane built my own router table with a sway up top & made a hand crank to replace the height adjustment knob & these deuce things name it slowly to change out & raise or lour the turn.
1	For the hobbiest, it's probably a nice buy.
1	For the hobbiest, it's probably a gracious buy.
1	For the hobbiest, it's probably a nice purchase.
1	A huge beautiful color screen which can not been scratched at all even with the rough handling i give it.
1	A huge beautiful color sort which can not been scrape at all flush with the rough handling i leave it.
1	A huge beautiful colourise screen which can not been cancel at all flush with the approximative handling i give it.
0	my one issue with the mediasource software is that , despite pulling id3 tag data from the cdds service , the ripping process fails to populate the " year " field . 
0	my matchless payoff with the mediasource software is that , despite deplume id3 rag data from the cdds service , the rive process fails to populate the " year " field . 
0	my one publication with the mediasource software is that , despite pulling id3 tag data from the cdds service , the rending process neglect to dwell the " twelvemonth " field . 
1	 it is lighter to carry around and it has enough functionality to use .
1	 it is lighter to extend around and it has enough functionality to habit .
1	 it is wanton to carry around and it has enough functionality to employment .
1	being a creative product the playback quality is unbeatable . 
1	being a creative product the playback timber is unbeatable . 
1	being a creative production the playback quality is unbeatable . 
0	Very annoying.    
0	Very annoy.    
0	Very annoyance.    
1	ive seen em all , the archos , dell , ipods , everything ... good price and great sound makes this one the best in my opinion . 
1	ive ensure em all , the archos , dell , ipods , everything ... effective price and great vocalize makes this I the best in my opinion . 
1	ive seen em all , the archos , dell , ipods , everything ... good price and bully sound shuffle this I the unspoiled in my opinion . 
0	one little minor flaw with this camera is that the lens is visible in the viewfinder , but does not detract from the image at all . 
0	ane petty small-scale flaw with this camera is that the lense is visible in the viewfinder , but does not detract from the prototype at all . 
0	unmatchable picayune shaver flaw with this camera is that the lens is visible in the finder , but does not detract from the range at all . 
0	there were sharp screw tips on the underside of the unit coming from inside that were obviously used to anchor the internal control board . 
0	there were sharp jailor tiptoe on the underside of the unit upcoming from inside that were obviously victimized to anchor the internal control board . 
0	there were sharp love tips on the underside of the unit approaching from inside that were obviously used to anchor the internal ensure table . 
1	If you are looking for a user-friendly diaper pail that actually does keep the odor contained, than the diaper champ is the one for you!
1	If you are looking for a user-friendly nappy pail that actually does living the odor incorporate, than the diaper title-holder is the ace for you!
1	If you are search for a user-friendly diaper pail that really does support the odor bear, than the diaper champ is the single for you!
1	As far as dealing with network access of other computers this router is pretty good given the price- remember this router is the same one that was released right when the G standard was introduced to the market. 
1	As ALIR as sell with network access of other computers this router is pretty good consecrate the price- remember this router is the same one that was released right-hand when the chiliad criterion was introduce to the market. 
1	adenine far as plow with network accession of other computers this router is pretty skillful founder the price- remember this router is the same ace that was released right when the G standard was acquaint to the market. 
1	I absolutely love it. 
1	I absolutely eff it. 
1	I absolutely fuck it. 
1	also , the nomad 's 14 hours of battery life versus 8 is handy . 
1	also , the nomad 's 14 hours of battery animation versus 8 is Handy . 
1	also , the nomad 's xiv hours of battery lifespan versus 8 is handy . 
1	they take excellent macro shots as well . 
1	they occupy excellent macro shots as well . 
1	they take excellent macro jibe as well . 
0	Especially the bluetooth server... Meaning you have to restart the phone if you want bluetooth to work again.
0	Especially the bluetooth server... Meaning you have to restart the call if you wishing bluetooth to mold again.
0	Especially the bluetooth server... signify you have to restart the phone if you neediness bluetooth to lick again.
0	 However , when you unplug the computer it beeps .
0	 However , when you unplug the computer it toot .
0	 However , when you unplug the reckoner it beeps .
0	If you think you are saving $40 getting the Hitachi, you are right, and you are also getting a router worth $40 less than a Makita.
0	If you cogitate you are delivery $40 mother the Hitachi, you are right, and you are also capture a router worth $forty less than a Makita.
0	If you opine you are saving $40 suffer the Hitachi, you are compensate, and you are likewise stupefy a router worth $40 less than a Makita.
0	the black fly wheel feels pretty cheap & is uncomfortable to use . 
0	the black fly rack feel pretty cheap & is uncomfortable to use . 
0	the black fly wheel find pretty cheap & is uncomfortable to usage . 
1	ripping the songs , even with my 1.1 usb connection is still very quick , and the quality is very good . 
1	ripping the songs , even with my 1.1 usb connection is allay very quickly , and the caliber is very expert . 
1	ripping the songs , fifty-fifty with my 1.1 usb connection is ease very prompt , and the quality is very secure . 
0	as it stands now , the case is pretty useless unless you 're packing the player up for travel , or if you load up all your songs beforehand . 
0	as it stands now , the caseful is reasonably useless unless you 're packing the player up for travel , or if you incumbrance up all your birdsong ahead . 
0	as it tie-up now , the pillowcase is middling useless unless you 're packing the player up for journey , or if you cargo up all your songs beforehand . 
0	 While upgrading the memory the keyboard connector broke .
0	 While upgrading the memory the keyboard connector expose .
0	 While upgrading the memory the keyboard connector soften .
1	4 megapixels is plenty for all but pros , and you will not be disappointed with the results of this camera . 
1	IV megapixels is heap for all but pros , and you will not be foiled with the answer of this camera . 
1	tetrad megapixels is mass for all but pros , and you will not be thwarted with the lead of this camera . 
1	This is a great deal, and I'm elated with my decision to go with Hitachi's green machine.
1	This is a great administer, and I'm elated with my decision to break with Hitachi's immature machine.
1	This is a neat deal, and I'm joyful with my decision to operate with Hitachi's green machine.
0	The touch pad does take a little getting used to. 
0	The allude pad does take a little receive used to. 
0	The touch pad does conduct a little find used to. 
0	4 ) the viewfinder is borderuer lcd scoying . 
0	4 ) the viewfinder is borderuer LCD scoying . 
0	iv ) the viewfinder is borderuer lcd scoying . 
1	 The highs and lows sound great and personally I think the bass is at a perfect level -LRB- at 50 % -RRB- , definitely not boomy .
1	 The high and lows sound dandy and personally single think the bass is at a perfect level -LRB- at 50 % -RRB- , emphatically not boomy .
1	 The highs and lows phone great and personally I opine the bass is at a pure point -LRB- at 50 % -RRB- , definitely not boomy .
1	I give this product five stars for its usability,performance, expandability, and definitely looks!
1	I apply this product five stars for its usability,functioning, expandability, and definitely looks!
1	I give this product five-spot ace for its usability,performance, expandability, and definitely looks!
1	I'm sure I don't use it to the degree of some of the other purchasers, but I really like it!
1	I'm sure iodine don't apply it to the degree of some of the other purchasers, but I real wish it!
1	I'm sure unity don't purpose it to the degree of some of the other purchasers, but unity really alike it!
0	This is a terrible company with a bad product and awful support.
0	This is a terrible companion with a bad product and awful suffer.
0	This is a terrible company with a bad product and fearsome accompaniment.
0	it sounds decent , but i would estimate you get maybe 80 % of the quality that you would from a true line out jack . 
0	it sounds decent , but i would estimate you catch perhaps 80 % of the quality that you would from a genuine line out diddley . 
0	it sounds decent , but i would estimate you suffer maybe 80 % of the timbre that you would from a true lineage out jackfruit . 
1	 It has good color and price was great .
1	 It has good color and price was big .
1	 It has good color and price was heavy .
1	But I wanted to do some raised panel work and needed more power and variable speed to run the large-diameter bits.
1	But I cherished to do some levy panel turn and needed more power and variable upper to run the large-diameter bits.
1	But I wanted to do some evoke panel work and demand more power and variable quicken to rivulet the large-diameter bits.
0	I have read the installation instructions for both NIS 2004 and NAV 2004 prior to installation, but still ended up with the same result...junk software.
0	I have say the installation direction for both NIS 2004 and NAV 2004 prior to installation, but stock-still ended up with the same event...detritus software.
0	single have learn the installation education for both NIS 2004 and NAV 2004 prior to facility, but still over up with the same result...junk software.
1	You don't need to cough up an extra couple bucks for a "special edition" to get black! - Sound: Awesome! - Batteries: removable/replaceable. 
1	You don't indigence to cough up an extra twosome bucks for a "special edition" to get black! - levelheaded: Awesome! - shelling: removable/replaceable. 
1	You don't need to cough up an additional couple Buck for a "special edition" to stimulate blackness! - Sound: Awesome! - Batteries: removable/replaceable. 
1	 This system is very powerful .
1	 This system is very potent .
1	 This system is very sinewy .
1	 I purchased three of these Acer 19 '' at very good rates from Amazon ... we are extremely pleased with the clarity and sharpness .
1	 one buy three of these Acer 19 '' at very effective rates from Amazon ... we are extremely pleased with the pellucidity and sharpness .
1	 one purchased three of these Acer 19 '' at very honorable blackleg from Amazon ... we are extremely pleased with the lucidity and sharpness .
1	loved the slim design . 
1	fuck the slim design . 
1	loved the slim purpose . 
1	 The idea of this device is great : it picks up a 5-day weather forecast from AccuWeather and displays the key elements on its screen .
1	 The idea of this device is heavy : it pickaxe up a 5-day upwind forecast from AccuWeather and displays the key elements on its test .
1	 The idea of this device is majuscule : it piece up a 5-day weather presage from AccuWeather and display the key elements on its screen .
0	I am glad that I do not work for Norton.
0	I am gladiolus that I do not influence for Norton.
0	I am gladiolus that I do not shape for Norton.
1	great price . 
1	dandy price . 
1	expectant price . 
1	Neat feature for self-timer allows you to record two different warnings. 
1	full-strength feature for self-timer leave you to record two different warnings. 
1	orderly feature for self-timer allows you to commemorate two different warnings. 
1	The camera responce is VERY quick. 
1	The camera responce is VERY spry. 
1	The camera responce is selfsame quick. 
1	The plunge lock and power switch are very easily accessible which is a must when doing free hand routing.
1	The plunge lock and power exchange are very easily accessible which is a must when doing spare pass routing.
1	The plunge whorl and power switch are very easily approachable which is a must when doing gratis hand routing.
0	the keypad is a decent size , but the power on/off key is small and difficult to press . 
0	the keypad is a decent size , but the king on/off key is belittled and difficult to pressing . 
0	the keypad is a right size , but the power on/off tonality is small-scale and difficult to press . 
0	the headphones are n't the best , but you can really expect much out of the small headphones you insert in the ear cavity . 
0	the earphone are n't the honest , but you can really wait often out of the small headphones you insert in the ear cavity . 
0	the headphones are n't the dependable , but you can really anticipate much out of the pocket-size headphones you insert in the ear pit . 
0	Gets stinky after a few months, the seal on the piston doesn't seal anymore.
0	Gets rotten after a few months, the seal on the Piston doesn't seal anymore.
0	scram stinky after a few months, the seal on the piston doesn't varnish anymore.
1	I would recommend this camera unequivocally!
1	ane would recommend this camera unequivocally!
1	single would recommend this camera unequivocally!
0	the front door is miss aligned on my unit and you have to manually life it up just so slightly for the door to close , a very annoying thing after ahwile . 
0	the breast door is neglect aligned on my unit and you have to manually lifetime it up just so slightly for the door to closemouthed , a very rag matter after ahwile . 
0	the front door is lose ordinate on my unit and you have to manually life it up just so slenderly for the doorway to closemouthed , a very plaguey thing after ahwile . 
0	the explorer program did shut down a couple times while i was renaming titles and changing genres but i did n't have to reboot the computer or anything , just open up explorer again . 
0	the explorer plan did shut down a dyad clock while i was renaming claim and transfer genres but i did n't have to reboot the computer or anything , just undefended up explorer again . 
0	the explorer program did shut down a couplet time while i was rename title and switch genres but i did n't have to reboot the computer or anything , just unfold up explorer again . 
1	The lens retracts and has its own metal cover so you don't need to fuss with a lens cap.
1	The lens retracts and has its own metal covering so you don't motivation to fuss with a lens jacket.
1	The lens retracts and has its own metal encompass so you don't penury to bother with a lens cap.
1	The sound quality is excellent and the speaker phone couldn't be easier to use.
1	The fathom prime is excellent and the speaker phone couldn't be easier to use.
1	The sound choice is excellent and the speaker phone couldn't be easier to employment.
0	his is what I get for my $200 on this MP3 player?  
0	his is what I go for my $200 on this MP3 instrumentalist?  
0	his is what iodine mother for my $200 on this MP3 player?  
1	i gave the zen 5 stars because it 's excellent for the class that it is in and it 's not really appropriate to rate it based on players in a different class . 
1	i afford the superman 5 wizard because it 's excellent for the division that it is in and it 's not really appropriate to rate it based on players in a dissimilar classify . 
1	i gave the superman quint virtuoso because it 's excellent for the family that it is in and it 's not really appropriate to pace it based on players in a dissimilar class . 
1	 I highly recommend this device !
1	 1 highly recommend this device !
1	 ane highly recommend this device !
0	Even just turning the camera on will move the lens a little, resulting in a noisy start-up.
0	Even just twist the camera on will act the Lens a little, resulting in a noisy start-up.
0	evening just sour the camera on will act the lens a little, resulting in a noisy start-up.
0	it has a 3x optical zoom , which is average for these cameras . 
0	it has a 3x optical zoom , which is norm for these camera . 
0	it has a 3x optical zoom , which is norm for these camera . 
1	 It 's easy to use , and it seems feature complete .
1	 It 's easy to utilization , and it seems feature everlasting .
1	 It 's well-fixed to use , and it seems feature stark .
0	Even with newborn diapers it filled way too fast.
0	Even with newborn diapers it filled way too flying.
0	Even with newborn diapers it satiate way too fast.
0	after i had it a couple weeks , it got into a state where it could never find the device , no matter how often i rebooted my pc , reset the device , reloaded drivers , etc , etc. creative 's online support was no help at all . 
0	after i had it a duo workweek , it arrest into a commonwealth where it could never find the device , no count how often i rebooted my pc , reset the twist , reloaded drivers , etc , etc. creative 's on-line affirm was no help at all . 
0	after i had it a dyad weeks , it have into a state where it could never recover the device , no thing how much i rebooted my pc , reset the gimmick , reloaded drivers , etc , etc. creative 's online backup was no serve at all . 
1	nokia does not disappoint in this model . 
1	nokia does not disappoint in this modelling . 
1	nokia does not disappoint in this pose . 
1	i 've played around with the equalizer settings and am satisfied at the range of choices i have there too . 
1	i 've bring around with the balance settings and am fulfil at the stray of choices i have there too . 
1	i 've work some with the equalizer settings and am satisfied at the browse of option i have there too . 
1	The Zen Micro is no exception: in addition to the case, it comes with a neck strap, and has all of the necessary cables for syncing and charging.  
1	The Zen Micro is no exception: in gain to the eccentric, it comes with a neck flog, and has all of the necessary cables for sync and bill.  
1	The pane Micro is no exception: in addition to the font, it semen with a neck flog, and has all of the necessary cables for syncing and bill.  
0	only one disk played through to completion successfully . 
0	only ace disk played through to completion successfully . 
0	only one disk fiddle through to completion successfully . 
1	the " scene " mode works well for the remainder of shots that are not going to be in a " regular " setting . 
1	the " fit " mode works well for the rest of pellet that are not blend to be in a " regular " setting . 
1	the " scene " mode works well for the remainder of guesswork that are not blend to be in a " veritable " coif . 
0	seems it is always difficult to press to make a selection . 
0	seems it is always difficult to press to pee-pee a option . 
0	seems it is perpetually difficult to press to ca-ca a selection . 
0	the setup process for the nomad is infuriating , and the interface with the player is sub-par . 
0	the apparatus treat for the nomad is infuriate , and the interface with the player is sub-par . 
0	the setup operation for the nomad is infuriating , and the port with the thespian is sub-par . 
1	2 ) the player user interface ( ui ) is intuitive to use , and allows easy navigation of a large or small collection . 
1	2 ) the player user interface ( ui ) is intuitive to role , and provide easy navigation of a large or minuscule compendium . 
1	2 ) the player user interface ( ui ) is intuitive to use , and allows sluttish navigation of a expectant or little compendium . 
0	Unfortunately, Linksys does not write the best documentation.  
0	Unfortunately, Linksys does not write the better documentation.  
0	Unfortunately, Linksys does not write the upright documentation.  
1	I bought this little guy a few weeks back, and I have to saythat I never had so much fun with a new toy as this.
1	I bought this little blackguard a few weeks indorse, and single have to saythat I never had so lots fun with a freshly toy as this.
1	I bought this picayune blackguard a few weeks cover, and unity have to saythat I never had so much play with a new toy as this.
0	in addition , it only seems to work if you 're about five feet away from the player , although that may have been just the batteries that came with it . 
0	in addition , it only seems to crop if you 're about pentad foot off from the player , although that may have been just the batteries that number with it . 
0	in gain , it only seems to bring if you 're about cinque understructure away from the player , although that may have been just the batteries that arrive with it . 
0	only thing missing from creative is a cd burner . 
0	only thing escape from creative is a cd burner . 
0	only thing lack from creative is a cd burner . 
1	 The sound is pretty good also -LRB- although not anything like a 5.1 surround system -RRB- There is reflection , but I only really notice it when the display is off , in which case you see you own reflection on the screen .
1	 The good is pretty full also -LRB- although not anything like a fin.1 surround system -RRB- There is reflection , but unity only really notice it when the exhibit is off , in which casing you visit you own reflection on the sieve .
1	 The sound is somewhat dependable also -LRB- although not anything alike a v.1 besiege organization -RRB- There is reflection , but I only really mark it when the display is off , in which case you picture you own reflection on the screen .
0	 *The ipod is overly sensitive to just about everything and gets scratched easily. 
0	 *The ipod is overly sensitive to just about everything and arrive scratched well. 
0	 *The ipod is overly sensitive to just about everything and have scrub easily. 
0	 BATTERY: Compared to the other players on the market, the iPod has one of the worst batteries around.
0	 BATTERY: Compared to the other instrumentalist on the market, the iPod has 1 of the forged batteries around.
0	 BATTERY: Compared to the other players on the market, the iPod has I of the high-risk barrage around.
0	the zooming lever is shaky , i hope it does not operate mechanically , otherwise you 'll feel uneasy . 
0	the surge lever is wonky , i hope it does not operate mechanically , otherwise you 'll smell uneasy . 
0	the zooming prize is shaky , i Hope it does not operate mechanically , otherwise you 'll feel queasy . 
1	i received this item for christmas and it has met and exceeded all my standards . 
1	i find this item for Christmastime and it has foregather and exceeded all my standards . 
1	i have this item for Xmas and it has met and exceeded all my banner . 
1	Each battery lasts about 10-11 hours. 
1	Each barrage lasts about 10-11 hours. 
1	Each battery lasts about 10-11 hour. 
1	No more banner ads, pop-ups, and the reliable antivirus.
1	No more banner advertisement, pop-ups, and the reliable antivirus.
1	nobelium more banner ads, pop-ups, and the reliable antivirus.
0	I couldn't get the install wizard to work.  
0	I couldn't get the install whizz to work.  
0	I couldn't get the install wizard to mold.  
0	 I was dissapointed that Acer was n't more helpful .
0	 ace was dissapointed that Acer was n't more helpful .
0	 unity was dissapointed that Acer was n't more helpful .
1	 Easy set up and the picture was crystal clear .
1	 Easy adjust up and the picture was crystal clear .
1	 Easy set up and the figure was crystal clear .
0	  DURABILITY: Not good. First problem, if you haven't seen the news recently, the iPods are being recalled for battery problems and not lasting the advertised 18 months.
0	  DURABILITY: Not upright. firstly problem, if you haven't envision the news recently, the iPods are being recalled for battery problems and not lasting the push xviii months.
0	  strength: Not proficient. First problem, if you haven't discover the news recently, the iPods are being retrieve for battery problems and not long-lived the advertised 18 months.
1	i highly recommend this phone to anyone . 
1	i extremely recommend this phone to anyone . 
1	i highly commend this phone to anyone . 
1	Excellent sound I mean the player has juice. 
1	Excellent reasoned I mean the player has juice. 
1	Excellent sound ace mean the player has juice. 
1	Built like a tank, yet nimble enough to be comfortably used with the Leigh dovetail jig.
1	built alike a tank, heretofore nimble enough to be comfortably used with the Leigh dovetail jig.
1	establish like a tank, even nimble enough to be comfortably victimized with the Leigh dovetail jig.
0	As I wrote, this COULD have been a great product, but expect hidden charges (read gross profiteering and price gouging) as the company royally sticks you on every conceivable accessory necessary for normal daily usage.     
0	As I pen, this COULD have been a bully intersection, but expect cover file (read megascopic profiteering and price gouging) as the company royally sticks you on every conceivable appurtenance necessary for normal daily usage.     
0	adenine I compose, this COULD have been a peachy product, but look hidden charges (read gross profiteering and price squeeze) as the caller royally sting you on every conceivable accessory necessary for normal daily usage.     
1	the eax features are pretty cool , as well , as creative has included a number of eq adjustments that , for example , compensate for the extraneous noise encountered in a car or on a train . 
1	the eax feature are pretty assuredness , as well , as creative has included a number of eq adjustments that , for lesson , redress for the extraneous noise bump in a car or on a take . 
1	the eax features are pretty nerveless , as advantageously , as creative has included a total of eq alteration that , for example , compensate for the extraneous noise encountered in a gondola or on a civilise . 
1	Secondly, all info can be sent to a computer and w/o the hassle of USB wires.
1	Secondly, all info can be institutionalise to a computer and double-u/o the chivvy of USB wires.
1	Secondly, all info can be mail to a computer and tungsten/o the hassle of USB telegram.
1	but , if you 're looking for my opinion of the apex dvd player , i love it ! 
1	but , if you 're face for my notion of the peak dvd player , i love it ! 
1	but , if you 're see for my opinion of the apex videodisc participant , i love it ! 
1	I think the interface is great.
1	I think the port is great.
1	i think the interface is great.
1	 Overall they are great stands and look good .
1	 Overall they are great stands and look sound .
1	 Overall they are great stands and reckon good .
1	 I took a chance with this new product and am pleased , except in six months it will cost half of what I paid , but that 's the price for current state of the art .
1	 1 bring a fortune with this fresh product and am pleased , except in six months it will price half of what i paid , but that 's the price for current state of the art .
1	 i involve a chance with this new product and am pleased , exclude in six-spot months it will cost half of what I devote , but that 's the price for current posit of the art .
1	 Easy to pair !
1	 Easy to duet !
1	 Easy to dyad !
1	 It really impressed me with the disign , the specs & the price .
1	 It actually move me with the disign , the specs & the price .
1	 It really move me with the disign , the specs & the Price .
1	 The build quality is top notch .
1	 The build character is top notch .
1	 The build select is top notch .
1	it 's low profile , space saving design looks nice . 
1	it 's downcast profile , space saving design looks nice . 
1	it 's low profile , space saving design look nice . 
1	great camera . 
1	outstanding camera . 
1	slap-up camera . 
1	 They deliver great 5.1 sound when hooked up and ACTUALLY RECEIVING A 5.1 SIGNAL .
1	 They deliver great 5.1 legal when thieve up and ACTUALLY get A 5.1 SIGNAL .
1	 They deliver groovy 5.1 sound when hooked up and ACTUALLY obtain A 5.ane SIGNAL .
1	and also , it 's priced very affordably . 
1	and besides , it 's priced very affordably . 
1	and likewise , it 's priced very affordably . 
0	This camera uses a lithium battery, I find lithium batteries to be highly inconvenient; because what if you are on vacation, where the nearest place to buy batteries is just a gas station--there is no way that you are going to find lithium batteries there.
0	This camera consumption a lithium battery, I rule lithium battery to be highly inconvenient; because what if you are on vacation, where the nearest localise to corrupt barrage is just a vaunt station--there is no means that you are extend to find lithium batteries there.
0	This camera utilization a lithium battery, 1 incur lithium batteries to be highly inconvenient; because what if you are on vacation, where the nearest post to bribe batteries is just a gasolene station--there is no way that you are expiration to rule lithium shelling there.
0	i 've also had the nomad zen lock-up several times . 
0	i 've also had the nomad battery-acid lock-up several clock . 
0	i 've too had the nomad Zen lock-up several times . 
0	the 6610 has the radio function which is utterly useless . 
0	the 6610 has the wireless purpose which is utterly useless . 
0	the 6610 has the wireless role which is utterly useless . 
0	 Would n't buy again because of the customer service .
0	 Would n't buy again because of the customer avail .
0	 Would n't buy again because of the customer help .
1	 The colors are bright , beautiful and clear .
1	 The colors are bright , beautiful and absolved .
1	 The tinge are bright , beautiful and clear .
0	3 No Voice Recorder-- this has also become an important and popular feature that the iPod unfortunately doesn't have.
0	III No part Recorder-- this has also go an important and popular feature that the iPod unfortunately doesn't have.
0	leash No vox Recorder-- this has also become an important and popular lineament that the iPod unfortunately doesn't have.
0	creative labs customer support website is useless . 
0	creative labs customer living website is useless . 
0	creative labs customer substantiate website is useless . 
1	This is a great product, and Canon has done an excellent job.
1	This is a heavy product, and canon has done an excellent job.
1	This is a majuscule product, and Canon has practice an excellent job.
0	The sliding latch is does not stay in place.
0	The sliding latch is does not stay in post.
0	The sliding latch is does not stay in property.
0	  Cons Breaks easily. 
0	  Cons disruption easily. 
0	  Cons respite easily. 
1	i had no problems following their installation instructions . 
1	i had no problems following their installation teaching . 
1	i had no trouble following their installation instructions . 
1	This is a perfect blend to accomplish both tasks.  
1	This is a perfect blend to reach both tasks.  
1	This is a staring blend to accomplish both tasks.  
1	In a week of use i've never had to reboot the router. 
1	In a week of usage i've ne'er had to reboot the router. 
1	indium a week of utilize i've never had to reboot the router. 
0	this was an awesome player , before the video output no longer worked ( after about 3 weeks ) . 
0	this was an awesome player , before the video output no prospicient function ( after about triplet weeks ) . 
0	this was an awesome player , before the video turnout no longer cultivate ( after about triplet weeks ) . 
1	this is my first digital camera , and what a ' toy ' it is ! 
1	this is my showtime digital camera , and what a ' fiddle ' it is ! 
1	this is my world-class digital camera , and what a ' play ' it is ! 
1	big lcd screen - at least for me, 2" is enough
1	grown lcd sieve - at least for me, 2" is enough
1	openhanded lcd filmdom - at least for me, 2" is enough
1	I'm not sure why all the bad reviews, my computer isn't especially slowed down and I have Win'98.
1	I'm not certain why all the high-risk followup, my computer isn't especially slowed down and I have Win'98.
1	I'm not sure why all the unsound reappraisal, my computer isn't especially slowed down and single have Win'98.
1	when i turned the phone on , the first thing that hit me is how good the screen is . 
1	when i plough the phone on , the first thing that score me is how good the shield is . 
1	when i plow the phone on , the first thing that hit me is how salutary the test is . 
1	I love the rounded edges now, fits so much better in a pocket, jeans or suit. 
1	I hump the rounded edges now, match so much unspoilt in a pocket, jeans or suit. 
1	I love the rounded edge now, fits so much ripe in a pocket, jeans or causa. 
0	I then tried to set up the router through Linksys's browser interface, but as the only instructions available tell you to use the installation CD, I had little luck - I did manage to connect briefly, but the connection kept dropping, and with no idea of how to resolve THAT issue, I gave up.   
0	I then essay to lay up the router through Linksys's browser interface, but as the only instructions available tell you to role the installation 400, I had minuscule luck - I did handle to connect briefly, but the connection prevent omit, and with no idea of how to resolve THAT result, I break up.   
0	I then tried to position up the router through Linksys's browser interface, but as the only direction available evidence you to utilisation the installation CD, I had lilliputian fate - I did cope to connect briefly, but the connection unbroken overlook, and with no idea of how to resolve THAT issue, I make up.   
1	the software was great , as long as you have an adminstrative user account ( windows xp ) . 
1	the software was outstanding , as yearn as you have an adminstrative exploiter account ( windows xp ) . 
1	the software was slap-up , as foresighted as you have an adminstrative user chronicle ( windows xp ) . 
1	i have the software working fine now and the mp3 player is fantastic . 
1	i have the software functional alright now and the mp3 player is fantastic . 
1	i have the software work fine now and the mp3 player is marvelous . 
1	i compared this to a lot of other cameras , believe me , it 's value for money . 
1	i compared this to a dispense of other camera , believe me , it 's prize for money . 
1	i liken this to a circle of other cameras , trust me , it 's value for money . 
1	this little camera has created a marriage between myself and nikon. never knew i could love a digital camera so much . 
1	this niggling camera has created a wedlock between myself and nikon. ne'er fuck i could love a digital camera so much . 
1	this piddling camera has created a wedding between myself and nikon. never knew i could passion a digital camera so practically . 
1	The blue backlit LCD looks really neat and is easy to read. 
1	The blue backlit LCD looks really great and is easy to record. 
1	The gloomy backlit LCD wait really neat and is easy to read. 
1	 Convenience because it works through the USB port .
1	 Convenience because it go through the USB port .
1	 Convenience because it mould through the USB port .
0	getting the program to install properly has been a living hell experience . 
0	engender the program to install properly has been a living hell see . 
0	flummox the program to install properly has been a be hell experience . 
0	I occassionally flip songs while working out as i accidently hit the pad even lightly (yes i have it in maximum desensitized mode). 
0	I occassionally flip songs while function out as i accidently hit the trudge eventide lightly (yes i have it in maximum desensitized style). 
0	I occassionally summerset songs while shape out as i accidently hit the digs still lightly (yes i have it in maximum desensitized mode). 
0	having spent considerable time with professional video gear , i find onscreen displays annoying . 
0	having spent considerable time with professional video cogwheel , i uncovering onscreen displays annoying . 
0	having spent considerable time with professional video gearing , i find onscreen expose annoying . 
1	besides the one problem , this machine is amazing ! 
1	besides the unitary problem , this machine is amazing ! 
1	besides the unmatched problem , this machine is amazing ! 
1	The Earbuds are great headphones as good as my AGK Studio 240, well not as good but darn close.  
1	The Earbuds are corking headphones as soundly as my AGK Studio 240, well not as good but patch close.  
1	The Earbuds are peachy earpiece as good as my AGK Studio 240, well not as unspoilt but darn close.  
1	the player works well with my sony srs-a 202 powered speakers . 
1	the histrion cultivate well with my sony srs-a 202 powered speakers . 
1	the player plant well with my sony srs-a 202 powered Speaker . 
1	not only is it more affordable , but its a better player for windows , which is what i have . 
1	not only is it more low-cost , but its a punter thespian for windows , which is what i have . 
1	not only is it more low-priced , but its a honorable participant for windows , which is what i have . 
1	And the phone has a very cool feature wich allows you to send images via a normal POP3/SMTP e-mail account.
1	And the phone has a very chill feature wich earmark you to station images via a normal POP3/SMTP email account.
1	And the phone has a very cool boast wich permit you to send see via a formula POP3/SMTP e-mail account.
0	. lens cap is a really annoying 
0	. lens cap is a genuinely annoying 
0	. lens cap is a really pestiferous 
1	It gives you the most bang for your buck, period.   
1	It reach you the most fuck for your buck, period.   
1	It sacrifice you the most bang for your charge, period.   
1	my favorite thing about the nomad is the eax feature . 
1	my best-loved matter about the nomad is the eax feature . 
1	my dearie thing about the nomad is the eax sport . 
1	all the buttons & neccessary lil ' gadgets are on the sides of the player which is nice for when you are holding it in the palm of your hand . 
1	all the button & neccessary lil ' convenience are on the sides of the thespian which is dainty for when you are reserve it in the palm of your hand . 
1	all the buttons & neccessary lil ' contraption are on the sides of the instrumentalist which is gracious for when you are restrain it in the medallion of your hand . 
1	The router works fine for both wired and wireless.  
1	The router exercise fine for both wired and wireless.  
1	The router works finely for both wired and wireless.  
1	The smooth operation variable speed and a set of good Jasada Bits will provide just the right combination for great predictable results.
1	The smooth operation variable quicken and a set of good Jasada Bits will provide just the compensate combination for groovy predictable leave.
1	The smooth operation variable speed and a band of adept Jasada mo will offer just the right combination for great predictable results.
0	- some features in the user interface 
0	- some lineament in the user interface 
0	- some sport in the user interface 
1	i have a hard time using other phones with smaller screens!!!
1	i have a hard time utilize other phones with low screens!!!
1	i have a operose time using other phones with smaller filmdom!!!
0	I've had Nokia's for years, and while this one is packed with whiz bang features it is disappointing for its primary use - a phone.
0	I've had Nokia's for years, and while this nonpareil is packed with whiz clap features it is disappointing for its primary enjoyment - a earphone.
0	I've had Nokia's for years, and while this one is packed with whir knock lineament it is disappointing for its primary use - a telephone.
0	it does tend to run quite hot and should be given lots of room for air circulation . 
0	it does tend to incline quite hot and should be hold lots of room for publicize circulation . 
0	it does tend to ravel quite hot and should be present set of room for air circulation . 
0	2 the camera is so small that when you attach some lenses i have the 19mm wide-angle -- wc-e 68 , the optical viewfinder is partially obscured . 
0	2 the camera is so belittled that when you impound some lense i have the 19mm wide-angle -- wc-e 68 , the ocular viewfinder is partially overcloud . 
0	deuce the camera is so pocket-sized that when you attach some lenses i have the 19mm wide-angle -- wc-e 68 , the visual finder is partially obnubilate . 
1	It's being used daily and I have had none of the problems reported by other reviewers (headphone jack, player locking up, etc). 
1	It's being habituate daily and I have had none of the problems cover by other reviewers (headphone jak, histrion locking up, etc). 
1	It's being used daily and I have had none of the trouble reported by other commentator (headphone mariner, actor locking up, etc). 
1	I also tend to like the sliding cover/on switch found on many compact PS cameras since it's much faster and easier to power on if you need to take that instant shot. 
1	I also incline to like the sliding handle/on switch regain on many bundle PS cameras since it's much faster and easier to power on if you need to require that instant hit. 
1	I also tend to like the sliding cover/on throw establish on many thick PS cameras since it's much faster and easier to index on if you need to occupy that moment shot. 
1	the player does seem to play dvds adequately enough . 
1	the actor does seem to play dvds adequately enough . 
1	the player does seem to run dvds adequately enough . 
1	Strong Points: - Design: small, comfortable, curved, and stylish. 
1	Strong Points: - Design: small, comfortable, swerve, and stylish. 
1	Strong stage: - Design: small, comfortable, curved, and stylish. 
1	 Over for the price this is a good unit .
1	 Over for the price this is a dependable unit .
1	 Over for the price this is a thoroughly unit .
1	Two: it has a removeable/rechargeable battery, so you don't have to send the thing in when the re!
1	ii: it has a removeable/rechargeable bombardment, so you don't have to institutionalize the thing in when the re!
1	two: it has a removeable/rechargeable barrage, so you don't have to commit the thing in when the re!
0	also , for some reason the picture looks washed out on s-video , with lots of color bleeding , compared to a component connection ( should not be much of a perceptible difference on a 27 " tv ). 
0	also , for some intellect the figure appear washed out on s-video , with deal of coloration phlebotomize , compared to a component connection ( should not be much of a perceptible difference on a 27 " tv ). 
0	also , for some understanding the envision calculate rinse out on s-video , with slew of colouring bleeding , compared to a component connection ( should not be much of a perceptible difference on a 27 " tv ). 
0	i took perfect care of this player and still it died in the week after the lousy 90 day warranty ended . 
0	i consider staring care of this player and even it died in the week after the stinky 90 day warranty ended . 
0	i lead staring care of this player and still it died in the week after the crappy xc day warranty ended . 
0	OPERATION: It's like BMW's I-Drive - It does it's job, but has the most unintuitive, overly-layered interface.
0	functioning: It's alike BMW's I-Drive - It does it's line, but has the most unintuitive, overly-layered interface.
0	operation: It's ilk BMW's I-Drive - It does it's occupation, but has the most unintuitive, overly-layered interface.
0	* scroll button more cumbersome than on earlier models . 
0	* scroll button more cumbersome than on before models . 
0	* scroll button more cumbersome than on earlier exemplar . 
1	It's far better than all others on the market.
1	It's far best than all others on the market.
1	It's far serious than all others on the market.
0	now it will not load any disk or just says that there is no disk . 
0	now it will not burden any record or just pronounce that there is no disk . 
0	now it will not cargo any platter or just read that there is no disk . 
0	the on-off button feels somewhat flimsy , and has an awkward , tiny little lock-out button that needs to be depressed to turn on the camera . 
0	the on-off button feels passably flimsy , and has an awkward , tiny little lock-out clitoris that needs to be low to work on the camera . 
0	the on-off clitoris feels somewhat flimsy , and has an bunglesome , tiny little lock-out clitoris that needs to be demoralize to turn on the camera . 
0	I read many reviews on Norton I.S. 2004 from a variety of sources (Cnet, Amazon, message boards) and came to the conclusion that NIS 04 was a terrible product and not worth the update.
0	I interpret many reviews on Norton I.mho. 2004 from a diversity of rootage (Cnet, Amazon, message boards) and number to the determination that NIS 04 was a dreadful product and not worth the update.
0	I register many followup on Norton I.S. 2004 from a miscellanea of generator (Cnet, Amazon, message boards) and derive to the last that NIS 04 was a horrendous product and not worth the update.
1	 I do n't think that really matters though - I mean hooked my Xbox 360 up to the standard VGA port a little while ago and the picture was awesome .
1	 I do n't believe that really matters though - I mingy strung-out my Xbox 360 up to the standard VGA port a trivial while ago and the envision was awesome .
1	 I do n't think that genuinely affair though - I mean cabbage my Xbox 360 up to the standard VGA interface a little while ago and the envision was awesome .
1	 The device is small and well designed ... I would recomment it highly
1	 The device is pocket-size and well designed ... ace would recomment it highly
1	 The device is small and swell designed ... iodine would recomment it highly
1	the sound is excellent , the battery life is excellent , the fact that the battery is replacable is excellent , and finally the price , $ 200 cheaper than the 40gb ipod , is excellent . 
1	the good is excellent , the battery lifetime is fantabulous , the fact that the shelling is replacable is excellent , and finally the price , $ 200 punk than the 40gb ipod , is splendid . 
1	the wakeless is excellent , the battery animation is excellent , the fact that the bombardment is replacable is excellent , and finally the toll , $ 200 gaudy than the 40gb ipod , is fantabulous . 
0	I registered for this item because of the good reviews it got, however I was not impressed.
0	I registered for this item because of the upright reexamine it beat, however I was not impressed.
0	unity registered for this item because of the skillful reviews it become, however I was not impressed.
1	 However , a phone call to the D-Link support crew was answered in a reasonable amount of time and they guided me through the process without a problem .
1	 however , a phone birdsong to the D-Link support crew was serve in a reasonable come of time and they guided me through the litigate without a problem .
1	 yet , a phone call to the D-Link stand crew was answered in a fair amount of time and they manoeuvre me through the sue without a problem .
1	There are better cameras but none anywhere near as light and compact.
1	There are better cameras but none anywhere about as lightness and compact.
1	There are meliorate cameras but none anywhere near as lightly and compact.
0	negative : impossibly tiny and difficult to operate , barely visible , power button . 
0	disconfirming : impossibly lilliputian and difficult to operate , barely visible , power button . 
0	minus : impossibly tiny and difficult to operate , barely visible , office button . 
1	  It all sounds great too. 
1	  It all sounds slap-up too. 
1	  It all sounds swell too. 
1	We lysol the champ every time we change the bag out and have not had any problems.
1	We Lysol the champ every time we switch the dish out and have not had any problems.
1	We lysol the champ every meter we change the bulge out and have not had any problem.
1	 The technical support phone line was responsible for my giving technical support 4 stars .
1	 The technical support phone line was responsible for my founder technical endure 4 stars .
1	 The technical support phone line was responsible for my have technical accompaniment 4 stars .
0	1 . pictures taken in an indoor setting are a little dull and rarely hazy if you tend to take photographs from a distance . 
0	1 . exposure necessitate in an indoor setting are a slight dull and rarely hazy if you tend to subscribe photographs from a distance . 
0	ace . envision taken in an indoor setting are a little dull and rarely brumous if you tend to subscribe photographs from a distance . 
1	It has it all.
1	IT has it all.
1	It has it all.
1	it receives very nice mms pictures from other gsm phones . 
1	it have very nice mms ikon from other gsm phones . 
1	it receives very gracious mms visualise from other gsm phones . 
1	canon 's optics are better and i believe their processing algorithms are also better . 
1	canon 's optics are dear and i believe their serve algorithms are also better . 
1	canyon 's oculus are better and i believe their processing algorithms are also better . 
1	the functionality on this camera is mind-blowing . 
1	the functionality on this camera is mind-bending . 
1	the functionality on this camera is mind-blowing . 
1	- outstanding signal reception 
1	- outstanding signal receipt 
1	- striking signal reception 
0	After telling the rep and his tech supervisor the problem the only answer was to uninstall the program (which I had already done)...
0	After state the rep and his tech supervisor the problem the only resolution was to uninstall the plan (which I had already coif)...
0	After tell the rep and his tech supervisor the problem the only reply was to uninstall the program (which unity had already exercise)...
0	I was some what sceptical when I seen the price deference between the other makers of comparible HP.
0	I was some what sceptical when ane find the price deference between the other maker of comparible HP.
0	ane was some what sceptical when I visualize the price compliancy between the other makers of comparible HP.
1	This way I never have to be ripped off by the carrier for stupid ringtones, I can get whatever I want.
1	This way I never have to be ripped off by the carrier for stupid ringtones, i can incur whatever ane wish.
1	This way I never have to be ripped off by the toter for stupid ringtones, ace can incur whatsoever I want.
1	The voice recorders good, but you can't record songs off the radio for ring tones.
1	The voice record-keeper secure, but you can't record songs off the radio for ring look.
1	The voice recorders good, but you can't disc Song off the radio for ring modulate.
1	The heavy motor and continuously variable speed control let this router churn through everything I threw at it.
1	The heavy motor and continuously variable zip curb let this router churn through everything I discombobulate at it.
1	The overweight motive and continuously variable velocity control let this router churn through everything I threw at it.
1	this phone is one of the few phones that have an fm radio tuner built in . 
1	this headphone is unrivaled of the few telephone that have an fm radio tuner built in . 
1	this phone is unrivalled of the few ring that have an fm radio tuner construct in . 
1	For the price I don't think you can beat it.
1	For the Price I don't think you can heartbeat it.
1	For the price one don't think you can metre it.
0	Then when I went to Norton's website to obtain a priority ID number per the instructions I had been given, I couldn't find a way to get one.
0	Then when I choke to Norton's website to obtain a priority ID number per the instructions I had been give, I couldn't notice a means to experience one.
0	Then when I proceed to Norton's website to obtain a priority ID number per the teaching I had been consecrate, I couldn't find a way to draw 1.
1	If you don't mind all the buttons being touch sensitive, I'd recomment buying it to try out, and also buy an extra 2 year warrenty for it (there are some offered here, for about $15 dollors I think).  
1	If you don't beware all the buttons being rival spiritualist, I'd recomment buying it to hear out, and likewise buy an excess 2 year warrenty for it (there are some offered here, for about $15 dollors iodin think).  
1	If you don't head all the buttons being touch sensitive, I'd recomment buying it to adjudicate out, and besides buy an additional deuce year warrenty for it (there are some volunteer here, for about $15 dollors I guess).  
0	In addition, I don't believe that it is odorless.
0	In plus, I don't believe that it is odorless.
0	Indiana addition, I don't believe that it is odorless.
1	rks almost without fail, no matter what your taste in music is: From relaxation music to hard rock, to hip hop, to Korean and Japanese, to Afro-Cuban and Salsa, Jazz, Blues, Country and Pop, this feature performs well. 
1	rks almost without fail, no issue what your tasting in music is: From slackening music to operose rock-and-roll, to hip hop, to Korean and Japanese, to Afro-Cuban and Salsa, Jazz, Blues, Country and Pop, this characteristic performs easily. 
1	rks almost without fail, no topic what your mouthful in music is: From relaxation music to punishing rock, to hip hop, to Korean and Japanese, to Afro-Cuban and Salsa, wind, blueness, nation and popular, this feature performs well. 
0	the headphone jack failure seems to occur just about when the warrranty period is to expire . 
0	the headphone shit nonstarter seems to occur just about when the warrranty period is to choke . 
0	the headphone squat failure appear to occur just about when the warrranty period is to exhale . 
1	the sound from the player is ok . 
1	the heavy from the player is ok . 
1	the sound from the actor is ok . 
1	this really is a great little phone ; its got nice features , a beatiful screen , great ergonomics , and its tiny ! 
1	this real is a great piddling phone ; its got prissy features , a beatiful screen , great ergonomics , and its tiny ! 
1	this really is a great slight phone ; its flummox nice features , a beatiful screen , large ergonomics , and its tiny ! 
1	This model appears to be especially good.  
1	This model appears to be especially adept.  
1	This model appears to be especially salutary.  
1	the radio feature has superb sound quality . 
1	the radio feature has superb levelheaded quality . 
1	the radio have has superb sound quality . 
0	It ain't cutting edge (no pun intended) state of the art with all the latest bells & whistles & it definitely ain't pretty.
0	It ain't issue edge (no pun intended) say of the art with all the latest chime & whistles & it definitely ain't passably.
0	It ain't piercing bound (no pun intended) DoS of the art with all the later bells & whistles & it definitely ain't pretty.
1	I am happy with the fact that I can use any bag in there and dont' have to pay out the nose for replacements.
1	ace am happy with the fact that ace can employment any bag in there and dont' have to devote out the nose for replacements.
1	unity am happy with the fact that I can purpose any pocketbook in there and dont' have to yield out the nose for replacements.
1	And it's the largest diaper pail I've seen without taking up more floor space.
1	And it's the largest diaper pail I've attend without taking up more story space.
1	And it's the largest diaper pailful I've realize without taking up more floor space.
1	I love my dark blue zen micro and would definitely recommend it.  
1	I love my dour blue acid micro and would definitely recommend it.  
1	I love my dreary blue zen micro and would definitely urge it.  
0	The headphone jack gave out after only a couple weeks of use, and the stock earbuds were replaced same day with some high end sony's I'd been having. 
0	The headphone jack founder out after only a couple week of use, and the threadbare earbuds were replaced same day with some high-pitched terminal sony's I'd been having. 
0	The headphone jack leave out after only a couple weeks of apply, and the descent earbuds were interchange same day with some high goal sony's I'd been having. 
0	it does not have an auto-focus assist light which is nice for taking shots in low-light situations it allows the camera to focus in low light . 
0	it does not have an auto-focus assist illume which is dainty for engage shots in low-light situations it allows the camera to focus in crushed illumine . 
0	it does not have an auto-focus assist light which is nice for accept gibe in low-light situations it tolerate the camera to focus in grim luminance . 
1	the battery life is very good , i got about 90 minutes with the lcd turned on all the time , the first time around , and i have been using it with the lcd off every now and then , and have yet needed to recharge it . 
1	the battery life is very proficient , i amaze about 90 min with the lcd sprain on all the time , the inaugural sentence around , and i have been using it with the lcd off every now and then , and have still require to recharge it . 
1	the shelling life is very honorable , i stick about 90 second with the lcd plough on all the time , the first clip around , and i have been utilize it with the lcd off every now and then , and have yet needed to reload it . 
0	5) Video recorder is of no use and one cannot record something useful in 10 seconds and it takes a while to send the same through the "Free picture and video messaging" offered by service provider.
0	5) Video recorder is of no expend and nonpareil cannot record something useful in 10 arcsecond and it contract a while to send the same through the "innocent picture and video messaging" proffer by servicing provider.
0	quintuplet) Video recorder is of no use and unmatchable cannot register something useful in 10 instant and it demand a while to send the same through the "destitute visualise and video messaging" offered by service provider.
1	 The design, as mentioned above, is sleek, cool and trendy (and I think trendy = good, but it's always hard to tell these days). 
1	 The design, as mentioned above, is silky, cool and trendy (and I think trendy = thoroughly, but it's always hard to recount these Day). 
1	 The purpose, as mentioned above, is slick, sang-froid and trendy (and I think trendy = good, but it's always intemperate to tell these days). 
1	Overall, the Micro is a solid device and I haven't fell into a problem with it yet *knocks on wood*. 
1	Overall, the Micro is a hearty device and I haven't decrease into a problem with it nevertheless *whang on wood*. 
1	boilersuit, the Micro is a solid device and i haven't strike into a problem with it still *knocks on wood*. 
1	The games are decent, but u only get 2 to start off with.
1	The back are decent, but u only aim 2 to start off with.
1	The games are decent, but u only sire 2 to originate off with.
1	Gets nice sound too. 
1	Gets nice good too. 
1	Gets nice healthy too. 
0	Also, the battery's AREN'T USER REPLACEABLE.
0	Also, the battery's AREN'T user REPLACEABLE.
0	likewise, the battery's AREN'T USER REPLACEABLE.
1	also , i have not had trouble reading svcds that i created and vbr mp3 cds ( my old apex ad-1200 had trouble with these ) . 
1	also , i have not had incommode reading svcds that i produce and vbr mp3 cds ( my honest-to-god apex ad-1200 had problem with these ) . 
1	also , i have not had unhinge recitation svcds that i created and vbr mp3 cds ( my old vertex ad-1200 had ail with these ) . 
1	what makes the focus-lock lag time something i can live with is the extreme depth of field obtainable with these point and shoot digicams at f8 . 
1	what name the focus-lock gaol time something i can live with is the extreme profoundness of field getable with these point and photograph digicams at f8 . 
1	what seduce the focus-lock lag meter something i can live with is the extreme depth of subject obtainable with these place and sprout digicams at f8 . 
1	i 'm easily enlarging pictures to 8 1/2 x 11 with no visable loss in picture quality and not even using the best possible setting as yet ( super fine ) . 
1	i 'm easily enlarging video to eighter 1/2 go 11 with no visable red in painting quality and not even using the better possible setting as yet ( super fine ) . 
1	i 'm easily enlarging word-painting to 8 ane/2 x 11 with no visable loss in picture quality and not tied using the estimable possible scene as yet ( A-one fine ) . 
1	 Screen brightness is really good .
1	 Screen brightness is really estimable .
1	 Screen brightness is really salutary .
1	The nokia 6600 is a great phone, good games, good camera.
1	The nokia 6600 is a great phone, good back, undecomposed camera.
1	The nokia 6600 is a neat phone, salutary games, good camera.
1	 The price is very good .
1	 The cost is very good .
1	 The price is very well .
1	 Harmon international has done a great job on all of these equipment , the AVR 525 produces crystal clear sound with excellent clarity .
1	 Harmon international has fare a big line on all of these equipment , the AVR 525 produces crystal earn sound with excellent clarity .
1	 Harmon international has perform a enceinte job on all of these equipment , the AVR 525 produces crystal crystalise sound with fantabulous clarity .
1	i did not want to have high expectations for this apex player because of the price but it is definitely working out much better than what i would expect from an expensive high-end player . 
1	i did not neediness to have high-pitched expectations for this apex musician because of the price but it is definitely bring out much meliorate than what i would expect from an expensive high-end musician . 
1	i did not require to have gamey expectation for this apex player because of the price but it is decidedly functional out much improve than what i would expect from an expensive high-end player . 
0	finally you will read a post somewhere that all codes are useless for the apex 2600 . 
0	finally you will study a position somewhere that all slang are useless for the apex 2600 . 
0	ultimately you will scan a position somewhere that all codes are useless for the apex 2600 . 
1	This is a well-made and powerful tool.
1	This is a well-made and knock-down tool.
1	This is a well-made and powerful dick.
1	great sound , very long battery life ( i routinely play it for 12 + hours ) , very fast recharges rate , removable battery , storage size , nice screen , firmware updates , and great price . 
1	great sound , very retentive battery life ( i routinely play it for 12 + hours ) , very truehearted recharges range , removable battery , entrepot size , nice screen , firmware updates , and majuscule price . 
1	swell voice , very long battery life ( i routinely spiel it for XII + hours ) , very fast recharges rate , removable battery , depot size , nice screen , firmware updates , and great price . 
1	this is the third apex product i 've bought and they continue to impress for the price . 
1	this is the 3rd acme product i 've bought and they uphold to impress for the price . 
1	this is the third apex product i 've bought and they proceed to move for the damage . 
1	after using it , i found the size to be perfect for carrying in a pocket . 
1	after using it , i found the size to be pure for dribble in a pouch . 
1	after utilize it , i found the size to be stark for carrying in a bag . 
1	the nikon coolpix 4300 is wonderful -- easy to use , high quality , and compact in size . 
1	the nikon coolpix 4300 is wonderful -- easy to utilization , eminent quality , and concordat in size . 
1	the nikon coolpix 4300 is wonderful -- gentle to utilisation , heights quality , and compact in size . 
1	But if you use all bluetooth accessories, as I do, its really not an issue.
1	But if you habit all bluetooth accessories, as I do, its truly not an progeny.
1	But if you use all bluetooth accessary, as I do, its genuinely not an outlet.
1	Decently Sized Screen-- One of the larger ones on the market at 2" 
1	Decently Sized Screen-- unity of the gravid ones on the market at 2" 
1	Decently Sized Screen-- unmatchable of the larger ones on the market at deuce" 
1	The Nokia 6600 is a decent extension of the smartphone line.
1	The Nokia 6600 is a comely extension of the smartphone argument.
1	The Nokia 6600 is a decent wing of the smartphone bloodline.
1	It also holds a lot more diapers.
1	It also control a lot more diapers.
1	It also declare a lot more diapers.
1	The main advantage of this system over its predecessor is the ability to open a wider pipeline between clients. 
1	The main advantage of this system over its forerunner is the ability to undecided a wider pipeline between customer. 
1	The main advantage of this system over its predecessor is the ability to afford a broad pipeline between guest. 
1	the camera 's a work of art / science -- that 's understood . 
1	the camera 's a cultivate of artwork / science -- that 's understood . 
1	the camera 's a make of art / science -- that 's empathize . 
1	received apex dvd and the picture was great when set up with s connector . 
1	get apex dvd and the picture was great when specify up with s connector . 
1	meet apex dvd and the fancy was great when set up with s connector . 
1	It fits in your pocket.
1	It jibe in your pocket.
1	It tally in your pocket.
1	Placement of the buttons and software user interface is near perfect. 
1	Placement of the push and software user interface is near sodding. 
1	placement of the buttons and package user interface is near perfect. 
1	  EASE OF USE/DESIGN: The iPod is a very easy to use MP3 player, and if you can't figure this out, you shouldn't even own one.
1	  EASE OF utilize/DESIGN: The iPod is a very well-fixed to use MP3 participant, and if you can't image this out, you shouldn't even own single.
1	  easiness OF apply/designing: The iPod is a very gentle to apply MP3 player, and if you can't figure this out, you shouldn't even own one.
0	update : january 27th 2004 - the second one crapped out only after a week - dont buy this product ! 
0	update : Jan 27th 2004 - the minute one defecate out only after a week - dont buy this product ! 
0	update : january 27th 2004 - the irregular one make out only after a week - dont buy this ware ! 
1	 It costs me about 640 $ so you should be gratefull that the pricess in the states much lower .
1	 It costs me about 640 $ so you should be gratefull that the cost in the commonwealth much blue .
1	 It costs me about 640 $ so you should be gratefull that the pricess in the state lots lowly .
0	 The only drawback is the speaker wire is very thin .
0	 The only drawback is the utterer telegraph is very thin .
0	 The only drawback is the utterer wire is very dilute .
0	The included headphones suck, so get your own.         
0	The included headphones suck, so nonplus your own.         
0	The included headphones suck, so sustain your own.         
1	i love my new nomad , its great ! 
1	i bonk my new nomad , its great ! 
1	i love my new nomad , its groovy ! 
1	the software could n't be better and the mp3 player works like a dream , i could n't give this anything but a 5 , i wish there was a 6 . 
1	the software could n't be better and the mp3 instrumentalist exercise like a woolgather , i could n't give this anything but a fin , i wish there was a vi . 
1	the software could n't be sound and the mp3 player works comparable a dream , i could n't collapse this anything but a cinque , i wish there was a sextuplet . 
0	only con i can think of is no camera ... . 
0	only con i can recollect of is no camera ... . 
0	only learn i can think of is no camera ... . 
1	fact is , it could n't be easier to use . 
1	fact is , it could n't be easier to employ . 
1	fact is , it could n't be easier to role . 
1	 Bright , vivid , clean lines , wide viewing angle , and best of all - great price !
1	 Bright , vivid , clean crinkle , all-embracing viewing angle , and best of all - great price !
1	 Bright , vivid , unclouded lines , wide viewing angle , and practiced of all - great price !
1	excellent sound - i found the music reproduced faithfully through the jukebox . 
1	excellent sound - i recover the euphony reproduced faithfully through the jukebox . 
1	fantabulous sound - i institute the music reproduced faithfully through the jukebox . 
0	CONS - Difficult to open to change bag-twice my bags caught on a sharp edge inside and snagged as I was pulling out-leaving dirty diapers all over the floor.
0	goldbrick - Difficult to outdoors to change bag-twice my grip caught on a sharp edge inside and snagged as I was tear out-leaving lousy diapers all over the floor.
0	nobble - Difficult to unresolved to change bag-twice my bags caught on a knifelike edge inside and snagged as I was tear out-leaving dirty diapers all over the shock.
0	After a recent update, I can no longer open more then 1 browser window.
0	afterward a recent update, I can no longer heart-to-heart more then 1 browser window.
0	later a recent update, ace can no longer open more then 1 browser window.
1	 Billy Joel was n't kidding when he said you get more mileage from a cheep pair of speakers .
1	 Billy Joel was n't kid when he said you bewilder more mileage from a cheep couplet of speakers .
1	 Billy Joel was n't kidding when he said you have more milage from a cheep couple of speakers .
1	it does n't smell like burning plastic when you open the drive . 
1	it does n't smell like burning fictile when you unresolved the drive . 
1	it does n't smell like combustion plastic when you open the push . 
0	 Bottom Line - Do n't buy this for the USB function .
0	 arse stock - Do n't buy this for the USB function .
0	 tooshie channel - Do n't buy this for the USB function .
1	 The Netgear Router was simple to set up and has worked well for the last couple to few months I have had it .
1	 The Netgear Router was simple to congeal up and has crop intimately for the live couple to few months I have had it .
1	 The Netgear Router was simple to located up and has cultivate well for the survive couplet to few months I have had it .
1	 Well it had good power but no precision at all .
1	 Well it had full office but no precision at all .
1	 easily it had serious power but no precision at all .
1	but if you want a great deal and a great mp3 player , get the nomad . 
1	but if you neediness a outstanding deal and a great mp3 player , flummox the nomad . 
1	but if you want a great pile and a peachy mp3 player , baffle the nomad . 
0	the other day when i was listening to a song , it locked up and will not do anything now . 
0	the other Day when i was heed to a birdsong , it locked up and will not do anything now . 
0	the other day when i was listen to a vocal , it interlock up and will not do anything now . 
1	If your looking for a great sounding mini player, you can't go wrong with the Zen Micro.     
1	If your expect for a heavy sounding mini player, you can't ecstasy wrong with the Zen Micro.     
1	If your looking for a outstanding sounding mini musician, you can't move wrong with the Zen Micro.     
0	 This means that the vga connection will not work with my computers .
0	 This entail that the vga connection will not run with my computers .
0	 This means that the vga connexion will not form with my computers .
1	having access to so much music where ever you go is terrific . 
1	having access to so much music where ever you travel is marvellous . 
1	having approach to so much music where ever you go is fantastic . 
1	3.  Bags are easy to change.
1	3.  Bags are easy to commute.
1	triplet.  Bags are easy to change.
0	We constantly got "Windows Virtual Memory Low" error messages popping up follwed by ridiculous slowdowns and/or crashes.
0	We constantly beget "Windows Virtual retentivity depleted" error messages popping up follwed by ridiculous slowdowns and/or crashes.
0	We constantly contract "Windows Virtual Memory humiliated" error messages pop up follwed by ridiculous slowdowns and/or crashes.
1	this phone has many other features , ir , ; just to name one , the features above i view as the most beneficial . 
1	this earphone has many other features , ir , ; just to call 1 , the features above i sight as the most beneficial . 
1	this phone has many other feature , ir , ; just to appoint I , the features above i watch as the most beneficial . 
1	eball metaphor: I was hoping Creative hit a home run here, and I think the Zen Micro is more like a stand-up double.  
1	eball metaphor: I was hoping Creative hit a house execute here, and iodin retrieve the Zen Micro is more like a stand-up double.  
1	eball metaphor: unity was hoping Creative strike a home footrace here, and I suppose the Zen Micro is more like a stand-up double.  
1	Finding all the albums, songs etc is much easier than you would think it would be even if you have 20 gig (well 18 gig) worth of music.
1	Finding all the albums, song etc is much easier than you would cerebrate it would be even if you have XX lance (comfortably 18 gig) worth of music.
1	incur all the albums, vocal etc is much promiscuous than you would think it would be even if you have 20 gig (substantially 18 gig) Worth of music.
0	 You can't change the battery, so I don't know what I'm going to do in a year or so.
0	 You can't alteration the battery, so I don't love what I'm start to do in a year or so.
0	 You can't change the battery, so one don't experience what I'm survive to do in a year or so.
1	 I love that it is a tablet - it is so much more convenient than a regular laptop .
1	 I bonk that it is a tablet - it is so often more convenient than a habitue laptop .
1	 I screw that it is a tablet - it is so often more convenient than a fixture laptop .
0	not plug & play ; relies on id3 ; no fm or recording 
0	not plug & act ; relies on id3 ; no fm or show 
0	not plug & gaming ; relies on id3 ; no fm or record 
1	 It was worth the wait because AG Neovo 's standout 17 '' monitor has all this and more .
1	 It was worth the await because AG Neovo 's standout XVII '' varan has all this and more .
1	 It was worth the wait because silver Neovo 's standout seventeen '' Monitor has all this and more .
0	For last one month my Rebate status showing me that my rebate is apporved and check is delivered but still I am waiting for Check.
0	For concluding one month my Rebate status present me that my rebate is apporved and stoppage is delivered but stillness iodine am waiting for Check.
0	For last one month my rebate status evince me that my rebate is apporved and check is deport but static I am waiting for stop.
0	- the cover that came with it did n't fit very well 
0	- the cover that descend with it did n't fit very good 
0	- the track that came with it did n't meet very well 
1	 I 'm delighted with this product .
1	 I 'm charmed with this product .
1	 i 'm delighted with this product .
1	 The iPod package comes with everything you need, the AC adaptor, firewire cable (quicker than USB, but slower than USB 2 which it also gives), those snazzy and powerfull headphones, and of course the player. 
1	 The iPod package cum with everything you motivation, the AC adaptor, firewire cable (ready than USB, but slow than USB 2 which it too grant), those snazzy and powerfull earpiece, and of course the player. 
1	 The iPod software comes with everything you pauperism, the AC adaptor, firewire cable (spry than USB, but obtuse than USB 2 which it also consecrate), those snazzy and powerfull headphones, and of row the musician. 
1	So far it all works fine with either cable or wireless connections.  
1	So far it all run fine with either cable or wireless joining.  
1	therefore far it all bring fine with either cable or wireless connections.  
1	I thought the FM radio would not see much use with so many tracks avaiable to me, but its great for tuning in to TV programs at the gym while on the treadmill, concerts and programs being simulcast, NPR, and on and on. 
1	I intend the FM radiocommunication would not consider much utilization with so many path avaiable to me, but its cracking for tuning in to TV programme at the gym while on the treadwheel, concerts and programs being simulcast, NPR, and on and on. 
1	I recollect the fermium radio would not determine much practice with so many track avaiable to me, but its big for tuning in to telecasting programs at the gym while on the treadmill, concerts and broadcast being simulcast, NPR, and on and on. 
1	I'd say that this camera is perfect.
1	I'd say that this camera is complete.
1	I'd say that this camera is unadulterated.
0	the software is somewhat nice to look at , using it is not the easiest . 
0	the software is slightly nice to look at , using it is not the prosperous . 
0	the software is somewhat nice to wait at , using it is not the loose . 
1	 its definately an outstanding laptop .
1	 its definately an prominent laptop .
1	 its definately an spectacular laptop .
0	I've searched the program and their online tech support (worthless) and have found no solutions.
0	I've search the broadcast and their online tech reinforcement (worthless) and have found no solutions.
0	I've searched the program and their online tech indorse (worthless) and have witness no solution.
0	the canon software for raw images does not present you with a raw image at all , but the raw image after it has been processed by all the image-affecting settings in the camera . 
0	the canon software for raw prototype does not present you with a naked see at all , but the cutting simulacrum after it has been litigate by all the image-affecting settings in the camera . 
0	the canon software for unsanded persona does not portray you with a sore project at all , but the cutting image after it has been processed by all the image-affecting settings in the camera . 
0	this is extemely lame . 
0	this is extemely gimpy . 
0	this is extemely square . 
1	It was easy to assemble, and the diapers fit perfectly into the little nook before they make their way into the pail portion.
1	It was easy to meet, and the diapers fit absolutely into the piffling nook before they make their way into the bucket portion.
1	It was gentle to assemble, and the diapers correspond perfectly into the petty nook before they work their way into the pail portion.
1	you can record your voice and turn it into a ringtone.
1	you can record your vocalise and round it into a ringtone.
1	you can record your vox and plough it into a ringtone.
1	i love the eos based controls and easy menus . 
1	i love the eos based controls and well-to-do menus . 
1	i love the eos based mastery and easy menus . 
1	 Have n't setup any advanced features , but the signal strength and speed are roughly twice what I had with old router .
1	 induce n't setup any advanced have , but the signal force and speed are roughly twice what I had with quondam router .
1	 take n't setup any advanced features , but the signaling metier and speed are roughly twice what I had with previous router .
0	the software failed repeatedly . 
0	the package failed repeatedly . 
0	the software bomb repeatedly . 
1	 Way to go Apple!  
1	 Way to run Apple!  
1	 Way to survive Apple!  
1	Very good "every day" camera. Fits nicely in the pocket of my jeans and takes quality photos.
1	Very expert "every day" camera. Fits nicely in the pocket of my jeans and takes timber photograph.
1	Very ripe "every day" camera. go nicely in the pocket of my jeans and aim quality photos.
1	while i would like to give it 3.5 stars instead of 4 , i gave it a 4 because it has run well for me during the time i have owned it . 
1	while i would like to reach it 3.cinque asterisk instead of quatern , i founder it a four because it has run well for me during the time i have owned it . 
1	while i would like to sacrifice it 3.quintet ace instead of 4 , i devote it a 4 because it has rill easily for me during the time i have owned it . 
1	I HAVE NEVER HAD AN ODOR PROBLEM!
1	I HAVE NEVER HAD AN aroma PROBLEM!
1	I take NEVER HAD AN ODOR PROBLEM!
1	I can go pretty far away from my router and still connect wirelessly.  
1	I can XTC pretty far away from my router and motionless connect wirelessly.  
1	I can break pretty far away from my router and ease connect wirelessly.  
1	7 ) chic look and good build - the player comes in a compact form with a metal face plate . 
1	7 ) chic feel and good build - the player comes in a compact sort with a metal cheek plate . 
1	7 ) chic reckon and commodity build - the player comes in a compact course with a metal face plate . 
1	and so far have not had any problems with dvds not being able to play . 
1	and so Interahamwe have not had any problems with videodisk not being able to diddle . 
1	and so far have not had any problems with DVD not being able-bodied to caper . 
1	( batteries last longer too ! ) 
1	( barrage last longer too ! ) 
1	( batteries last tenacious too ! ) 
1	 Awesome sound system .
1	 Awesome fathom system .
1	 Awesome wakeless system .
1	There's even an equalizer (under "settings") that allows you to adjust the sound for acoustic, bass booster, bass reducer, classical, dance, "deep", and electronic.
1	There's eventide an equaliser (under "scope") that allows you to adjust the sound for acoustic, bass booster, bass reducer, classical, dance, "mystifying", and electronic.
1	There's flush an equalizer (under "context") that grant you to adjust the sound for acoustical, bass booster, bass reducer, classical, dance, "deep", and electronic.
1	removable and cheap battery - a li battery usually works properly for 1-3 years . 
1	removable and cheap battery - a li barrage usually works decent for 1-3 years . 
1	removable and inexpensive battery - a li battery usually works decently for 1-3 years . 
1	The stand that comes with it is very useful to prop it up on the desk. 
1	The base that total with it is very useful to airscrew it up on the desk. 
1	The standpoint that semen with it is very useful to property it up on the desk. 
1	3660 had similar features, but that is big in size.
1	3660 had similar boast, but that is bad in size.
1	3660 had similar features, but that is bountiful in sizing.
1	The program is fully featured, with much of what you'd want from a security program --
1	The broadcast is fully have, with much of what you'd want from a security curriculum --
1	The program is fully sport, with much of what you'd desire from a certificate program --
0	it was ( i sold it after a few months ) too expensive for the shots that i got . 
0	it was ( i deal it after a few months ) too expensive for the crack that i dumbfound . 
0	it was ( i sell it after a few months ) too expensive for the scene that i draw . 
0	 Especially due to the odd sized plug designed by D-Link .
0	 Especially ascribable to the odd sized hoopla designed by D-Link .
0	 Especially imputable to the unexpended sized plug designed by D-Link .
1	 They sound wonderful , in my opinion , and I have n't even touched any equalizers .
1	 They sound rattling , in my opinion , and I have n't even match any equalizers .
1	 They sound wonderful , in my impression , and I have n't even equal any equalizers .
1	 Sound is crystal clear and the bass is very deep as well .
1	 Sound is crystal clear and the bass is very deeply as intimately .
1	 Sound is crystal enlighten and the bass is very deep as fountainhead .
1	 The changing colors help to tell , with a quick glance .
1	 The changing colouring help to recount , with a quick glance .
1	 The switch colouring help to tell , with a quick glance .
1	that 's a rare and valuable feature . 
1	that 's a rarefied and valuable feature . 
1	that 's a uncommon and valuable feature . 
1	 Color and contrast are perfect for my needs .
1	 Color and contrast are perfect for my penury .
1	 semblance and contrast are perfect for my needs .
1	The Zen Micro is near perfect.   
1	The Zen Micro is near gross.   
1	The dot Micro is near perfect.   
0	Norton support is completely pathetic.
0	Norton confirm is completely pathetic.
0	Norton digest is completely pathetic.
0	i 've tried leaving questions on their site never to have them answered . 
0	i 've render leaving questions on their site never to have them do . 
0	i 've sample leaving motion on their site never to have them answered . 
1	but for what i do use it is perfect . 
1	but for what i do apply it is perfect . 
1	but for what i do use it is consummate . 
1	I also love that you can flip the device with one hand...
1	I also honey that you can summersault the device with one hand...
1	I also love that you can flip the device with i give...
1	6) The phone is really wide, which seems to be a turnoff for many people, but the phone is actually easier to grip and feel more ergonomic.
1	6) The phone is real extensive, which look to be a turnoff for many people, but the phone is actually easier to fascinate and tone more ergonomic.
1	sixer) The earpiece is really wide, which seems to be a turnoff for many multitude, but the sound is actually easier to grip and experience more ergonomic.
1	 The software on the router is pretty good .
1	 The package on the router is pretty good .
1	 The software on the router is pretty well .
1	over all a fantastic very compact camera , which made us experience photography on a totally new level ! 
1	over all a fantastic very succinct camera , which nominate us experience photography on a totally fresh level ! 
1	over all a wild very heavyset camera , which take us experience photography on a totally new level ! 
0	The adjustment knob seemed ok, but when lowering the router, I have to practically pull it down while turning the knob.
0	The adjustment knob look ok, but when lowering the router, one have to practically rip it down while deform the knob.
0	The adjustment pommel seemed alright, but when lowering the router, I have to practically pluck it down while plow the knob.
1	Which is really nice because you can get pretty much any piece of music in MIDI format for free on the net.
1	Which is genuinely nice because you can experience passably practically any piece of music in MIDI format for free on the net.
1	Which is really skillful because you can arrest pretty much any piece of music in MIDI arrange for relieve on the net.
0	It just tells you to start disconnecting and attaching cables without any input as to whether your current setup includes a pre-existing router (mine does), without any clarity as to whether you should be running the wizard on a hard-wired PC or a wireless equipped PC. 
0	It just Tell you to scratch disconnecting and tie cablegram without any remark as to whether your current setup includes a pre-existent router (mine does), without any clarity as to whether you should be go the whizz on a hard-wired PC or a radiocommunication equipped PC. 
0	It just separate you to begin disconnect and attaching cables without any input as to whether your stream setup includes a pre-existent router (mine does), without any pellucidity as to whether you should be hunt the thaumaturge on a hard-wired PC or a wireless equip PC. 
1	 This machine will change your whole idea of what a laptop should be .
1	 This machine will modification your whole estimation of what a laptop should be .
1	 This machine will switch your hale idea of what a laptop should be .
1	i dont know what other people are saying , but the software is awesome . 
1	i dont cognize what other citizenry are saying , but the software is awesome . 
1	i dont recognise what other mass are saying , but the software is awesome . 
1	 I verified the signal strengths with a laptop and there was no problem there .
1	 I swan the signal potency with a laptop and there was no problem there .
1	 single verified the signal persuasiveness with a laptop and there was no problem there .
0	 SETUP SOFTWARE - For my application , I found the setup software on the enclosed CD to be useless .
0	 SETUP SOFTWARE - For my application , iodine observe the setup software on the wrap CD to be useless .
0	 SETUP SOFTWARE - For my coating , i observe the setup software on the enclosed CD to be useless .
1	it 's easy for beginners to use , but has features that more serious photographers will love , so it 's an excellent camera to grow into . 
1	it 's tardily for beginners to practice , but has features that more serious lensman will know , so it 's an excellent camera to rise into . 
1	it 's wanton for beginners to function , but has lineament that more serious photographers will beloved , so it 's an excellent camera to develop into . 
1	in a word , " awesome " is how i would describe this camera . 
1	in a watchword , " awing " is how i would describe this camera . 
1	in a word , " awe-inspiring " is how i would distinguish this camera . 
0	The installation software CD crashed repeatedly. 
0	The facility software CD crashed repeatedly. 
0	The installation software candle crashed repeatedly. 
1	i particularly like the " txt " file which records all the control information for all the pictures you take. 
1	i particularly ilk the " txt " file which records all the see information for all the pictures you shoot. 
1	i particularly similar the " txt " file which records all the control data for all the pictures you deal. 
0	- The battery life leaves a lot to be desired. 
0	- The battery life leaves a fate to be desired. 
0	- The battery life leaves a lot to be coveted. 
1	value : comparing data storage with price . 
1	value : comparison data storage with price . 
1	value : equate data storage with price . 
1	Also, it takes any kitchen sized trash bag, so there is no special bag to stock.
1	Also, it ingest any kitchen sized wish-wash bag, so there is no special bag to gunstock.
1	Also, it lease any kitchen sized trash grip, so there is no special bag to breed.
1	the menu allows you to search for files by artist , genre , and album quite easily . 
1	the carte allows you to search for register by artist , genre , and album quite easy . 
1	the fare leave you to research for files by artist , genre , and album quite easily . 
0	you even can not navigate by genre / artist / album since under genre you get just all tracks in that genre , no other division . 
0	you regular can not navigate by genre / artist / album since under genre you generate just all path in that genre , no other variance . 
0	you still can not navigate by genre / artist / album since under genre you commence just all lead in that genre , no other variance . 
1	my two main requirements were longer battery life and lower price : i found both . 
1	my ii master requirements were longer battery life and lower price : i found both . 
1	my two main requirements were longer battery life and low-pitched price : i incur both . 
1	 As a Non-Technical person , I was surprised to install the Cisco Valet Plus Wireless Hotspot in less than 10 minutes .
1	 A a Non-Technical person , I was storm to install the Cisco Valet asset Wireless Hotspot in less than 10 second .
1	 equally a Non-Technical somebody , i was surprised to install the Cisco Valet Plus Wireless Hotspot in less than 10 minute .
1	With the right firmware, drag and drop to and from the player like any other jump drive.  
1	With the decently firmware, drag and drop to and from the histrion like any other jump labor.  
1	With the right firmware, drag and drop to and from the player similar any other alternate tug.  
0	the grain was terrible . 
0	the grain was painful . 
0	the granulate was terrible . 
1	this has so many capabilities that you 'll always have room for new technologies as they evolve . 
1	this has so many capacity that you 'll always have board for fresh technologies as they evolve . 
1	this has so many capacity that you 'll constantly have room for fresh technologies as they evolve . 
0	Booting up my computer took forever!!!
0	Booting up my computer remove forever!!!
0	Booting up my computer took incessantly!!!
1	this camera also has a great feel and weight to it . 
1	this camera also has a cracking flavor and weight to it . 
1	this camera also has a outstanding finger and weight to it . 
1	 I have seen no dead pixels or color bleeding that I 've heard about with other ACER models
1	 I have witness no abruptly pixels or color bleeding that iodine 've heard about with other ACER models
1	 unity have figure no dead pixels or colourize bleeding that I 've heard about with other ACER models
0	i get to chapter 34 and everything freezes ! 
0	i develop to chapter 34 and everything freezes ! 
0	i get to chapter 34 and everything suspend ! 
1	I must admit its not the best looking phone ever but then it has this look of static and absolute conviction that looks like everything a phone should be
1	I must admit its not the honorable look phone ever but then it has this look of static and absolute condemnation that looks corresponding everything a sound should be
1	unity must admit its not the best sounding phone ever but then it has this aspect of static and absolute conviction that feel like everything a telephone should be
1	it has all the features one would need in a cellphone . 
1	it has all the features I would involve in a cellphone . 
1	it has all the features i would postulate in a cellphone . 
0	the cons are n't really a big deal to me ... except one con that does annoy me is the way it stores files ... no folder structure ... and it 's based on the title of the songs ... many of my songs where seperated into folders ( on the pc ) ... and a few had same titles ... so i had to change the titles to make sure that i did n't have any that might be the same as another . 
0	the bunko are n't really a crowing spate to me ... except ane rook that does gravel me is the way it stores file ... no pamphlet structure ... and it 's free-base on the title of the Sung ... many of my songs where seperated into folders ( on the PC ) ... and a few had same title ... so i had to modification the claim to hit sure that i did n't have any that might be the same as another . 
0	the con are n't really a bragging pot to me ... exclude unmatched inmate that does irritate me is the way it shop files ... no folder structure ... and it 's based on the title of the birdsong ... many of my songs where seperated into folder ( on the PC ) ... and a few had same titles ... so i had to commute the claim to gain sure that i did n't have any that power be the same as another . 
1	this camera was affordable , very easy to learn , and produces spectacular images . 
1	this camera was affordable , very comfortable to learn , and acquire spectacular images . 
1	this camera was affordable , very easy to study , and produces spectacular effigy . 
1	good looks 
1	beneficial looks 
1	skillful looks 
1	software is easy to use ( although redhat software is better , but costs money ) 
1	software is comfortable to utilise ( although redhat software is better , but costs money ) 
1	software is easy to exercise ( although redhat software is safe , but costs money ) 
1	 This device solves the problem nicely .
1	 This device work the problem nicely .
1	 This twist solves the problem nicely .
1	 Would definatley recommend to a friend and its volume can fill a small house for such a small speaker system .
1	 Would definatley recommend to a Friend and its volume can fill a minuscule mansion for such a small verbaliser system .
1	 Would definatley recommend to a admirer and its volume can fill a diminished mansion for such a belittled speaker system .
1	i did n't read a thing about how to operate it -- it was just intuitive . 
1	i did n't register a matter about how to operate it -- it was just nonrational . 
1	i did n't take a matter about how to maneuver it -- it was just intuitive . 
1	there are so many functions in this little , yet powerful camera ! 
1	there are so many functions in this piddling , however powerful camera ! 
1	there are so many serve in this fiddling , yet powerful camera ! 
0	Avoid this product at all costs.
0	Avoid this product at all price.
0	avoid this product at all costs.
0	You have to wonder why Creative can't get this right.  
0	You have to wonder why creative can't begin this right.  
0	You have to wonderment why Creative can't grow this right.  
0	This is NOT a router I would suggest for a novice user, my old Dlink DI52!
0	This is NOT a router iodin would evoke for a novice user, my older Dlink DI52!
0	This is NOT a router iodine would evoke for a novice user, my one-time Dlink DI52!
0	I will also say that it takes a very long moment for the camera to do its digital image processing between the time you press the button and when the camera actually takes the picture.
0	i will likewise say that it engage a very long mo for the camera to do its digital persona processing between the time you squeeze the button and when the camera actually return the picture.
0	iodin will also articulate that it exact a very recollective moment for the camera to do its digital envision processing between the time you weight-lift the button and when the camera actually takes the project.
0	I could hardly use it without a recharge in 2 days!
0	I could hardly expend it without a reload in 2 days!
0	iodine could hardly use it without a recharge in deuce days!
1	i have had mine for a month now and have to say i have enjoyed it . 
1	i have had mine for a month now and have to allege i have relish it . 
1	i have had mine for a month now and have to suppose i have delight it . 
0	So I took out the battery and put it back in again, only to find that it would not work.  
0	So I contract out the battery and put it hinder in again, only to breakthrough that it would not oeuvre.  
0	So I study out the battery and redact it binding in again, only to find that it would not mold.  
1	It works easily with one hand, which is important.
1	It form easily with one hand, which is important.
1	It works easily with ane hand, which is important.
0	- included creative software is pretty poor . 
0	- include creative software is pretty poor . 
0	- included creative software is pretty wretched . 
1	 Office Starter Web Cam is also fairly good Light in weight and elegant Cons : I wo n't say anything bad as you are just paying 280 for this net book .
1	 part Starter Web Cam is also clean good calorie-free in weight and refined Cons : I wo n't enunciate anything bad as you are just gainful 280 for this net book .
1	 place appetizer network Cam is also fairly right idle in weight and elegant Cons : I wo n't say anything bad as you are just paying 280 for this net Quran .
1	i do n't always care for gracenotes ' genre listings but it allows easy editing of id3 tags . 
1	i do n't always care for gracenotes ' genre list but it allows loose blue-pencil of id3 tags . 
1	i do n't ever tutelage for gracenotes ' genre listings but it allows easy delete of id3 tags . 
0	 They are a bit top heavy , as any tower will be .
0	 They are a burn overstep heavy , as any tower will be .
0	 They are a spot top heavy , as any tugboat will be .
0	i have had this player for 3 months and have been able to see a total of 6 dvd 's , after the frustration and aggrivation of getting the player to do it 's job . 
0	i have had this musician for triplet months and have been able to reckon a entire of 6 dvd 's , after the frustration and aggrivation of have the musician to do it 's job . 
0	i have had this thespian for 3 months and have been able-bodied to catch a number of hexad dvd 's , after the frustration and aggrivation of produce the player to do it 's job . 
1	the bottom line for me is that i am very happy with this product . 
1	the can line for me is that i am very happy with this production . 
1	the posterior ancestry for me is that i am very happy with this product . 
1	A wise investment for the pocketbook & for the nose!!!
1	A wise investment for the bag & for the nose!!!
1	A wise investment for the pocketbook & for the nuzzle!!!
0	The video recorders a bit odd, sometimes I get 9 secs on my recordings, sometimes I get 17.
0	The video record-keeper a bit odd, sometimes I get 9 secs on my immortalise, sometimes I perplex 17.
0	The video recorders a scrap unexpended, sometimes I get 9 secs on my recordings, sometimes I father 17.
0	If it weren't so big I would probably by another since no shop is complete without a handful of routers..
0	If it weren't so grownup iodin would probably by another since no workshop is nail without a handful of routers..
0	If it weren't so heavy unity would likely by another since no snitch is complete without a handful of routers..
0	The major reasons I didn't give it a five are:  One, I didn't think the fine adjustment worked well.
0	The major reasons I didn't sacrifice it a five are:  One, unity didn't think the fine adjustment worked advantageously.
0	The major reasons I didn't spring it a five are:  one, I didn't think the fine adjustment exercise well.
0	my case doesnt close ... maybe mine was just faulty , but the case isnt that great . 
0	my caseful doesnt close ... maybe mine was just defective , but the instance isnt that great . 
0	my showcase doesnt close ... maybe mine was just faulty , but the caseful isnt that heavy . 
1	 In all I 'd say this is a decent router for the money .
1	 In all 1 'd enounce this is a decent router for the money .
1	 In all one 'd say this is a enough router for the money .
0	the more subtle tones that were included with the phone are hard to hear at times . 
0	the more subtle step that were included with the earpiece are hard to hear at meter . 
0	the more subtle tones that were include with the call are hard to hear at multiplication . 
0	The touch controls took a little getting used to but now I wouldn't change it for the scroll wheel. 
0	The spot controls took a little stick used to but now i wouldn't change it for the scroll wheel. 
0	The spot controls took a piddling getting used to but now I wouldn't shift it for the scroll wheel. 
1	 I love the BASS this thing gets , I have two 12 '' subs in my car , that should tell you enough if I am saying the bass is great !!
1	 I bed the BASS this thing gets , I have two dozen '' hoagy in my car , that should differentiate you enough if I am saying the bass is gravid !!
1	 ace love the BASS this thing experience , I have two 12 '' subs in my car , that should say you enough if ane am expression the bass is great !!
0	It it is a bit heavy for hand held work, but any router this size will be.
0	It it is a burn heavy for hand adjudge turn, but any router this size will be.
0	It it is a minute heavy for hand give forge, but any router this size will be.
1	replacement battery is $ 50 compared to ipod 's $ 150 . 
1	alternate battery is $ 50 compared to ipod 's $ 150 . 
1	successor battery is $ 50 compared to ipod 's $ 150 . 
1	6 the nikon coolpix line is a well-established line so you know support and parts are going to be available even when nikon releases a newer model . 
1	6 the nikon coolpix ancestry is a well-established line so you know endorse and parts are passing to be available evening when nikon releases a fresh model . 
1	vi the nikon coolpix line is a well-established pedigree so you know sustain and parts are choke to be available even when nikon dismission a newer model . 
1	(It sure does look nice, though!)  I recommend this to any music lover anywhere: the quality of the audio is excellent, the controls and indicators rapidly become intuitive, and the storage capacity and battery life are huge!     
1	(It sure does seem Nice, though!)  I recommend this to any music lover anywhere: the tone of the audio is excellent, the master and indicator rapidly become intuitive, and the storage capacity and barrage aliveness are huge!     
1	(It sure does tone skillful, though!)  ane recommend this to any euphony lover anywhere: the quality of the audio is excellent, the manipulate and indicators rapidly become intuitive, and the memory capacity and battery living are huge!     
1	You do get 1 more GB than an iPod mini.  
1	You do engender one more GB than an iPod mini.  
1	You do obtain 1 more gibibyte than an iPod mini.  
1	and amazon.com has it for such a great price -- how can you go wrong ? 
1	and amazon.com has it for such a dandy price -- how can you conk incorrectly ? 
1	and virago.com has it for such a dandy price -- how can you X wrong ? 
0	But those 2 come up every time.
0	But those 2 cum up every time.
0	But those 2 semen up every time.
1	The SD500 software install was seamless and the product documentation is very detailed. 
1	The SD500 package install was seamless and the product corroboration is very detailed. 
1	The SD500 software install was seamless and the merchandise documentation is very detail. 
1	 No problems with dropped signals unlike the netgear router it replaced which only lasted 4 months .
1	 No problem with dropped signals unlike the netgear router it replaced which only last tetrad months .
1	 No problems with dropped sign unlike the netgear router it replace which only lasted IV months .
1	Bottom line: If you value excellent sound quality and the ability to use music subscription services, and are willing to deal with the possibility (not the certainty) of setup gremlins, by all means get the Zen Micro.     
1	fundament pedigree: If you value excellent audio quality and the ability to use music subscription serving, and are willing to take with the possibility (not the certainty) of setup gremlins, by all intend get the superman Micro.     
1	rear line: If you value excellent sound prize and the ability to utilisation music subscription services, and are willing to spate with the possibility (not the certainty) of setup brownie, by all means acquire the dot Micro.     
1	yes , the features are numerous . 
1	yes , the boast are numerous . 
1	yes , the sport are numerous . 
1	 FM radio built in (Howard Stern).  
1	 FM radio built in (Howard poop).  
1	 Fm radio built in (Howard Stern).  
0	2 . despite most reviewers giving kudos to the zen for music quality , i experienced a flaw using eax . 
0	2 . despite most reviewers afford kudos to the Zen for music quality , i experienced a flaw practice eax . 
0	2 . despite most reviewers bounteous kudos to the zen for medicine select , i experienced a flaw using eax . 
1	it is an extremely cool gizmo . 
1	it is an exceedingly cool gizmo . 
1	it is an extremely cool doohickey . 
0	What dissapointes me the most that a software like that  is not cheap gets zero support form symantec, if you want support, they'll charge you a Fee!
0	What dissapointes me the most that a software like that  is not brassy take naught support form symantec, if you lack support, they'll institutionalise you a Fee!
0	What dissapointes me the most that a software like that  is not cheap sire null support signifier symantec, if you want reenforcement, they'll kick you a Fee!
1	the resolution is very good and the colors are bright and even changeable ! 
1	the declaration is very good and the colors are bright and even iridescent ! 
1	the resolution is very good and the colors are shiny and even mutable ! 
1	the battery is alot better than most of the phones out there . 
1	the battery is alot near than most of the headphone out there . 
1	the bombardment is alot beneficial than most of the phones out there . 
1	The setup was a breeze, I had some reservations about a wireless network (see my review for linksys wet11)but this item was on sale as well as the WET11 so I just had to splruge. 
1	The frame-up was a picnic, single had some reservations about a wireless network (determine my brushup for linksys wet11)but this item was on sale as intimately as the WET11 so unity just had to splruge. 
1	The setup was a pushover, I had some booking about a wireless mesh (date my recapitulation for linksys wet11)but this item was on sale as swell as the WET11 so i just had to splruge. 
1	 I give it a rating of 5 stars for looks .
1	 I give it a denounce of quint stars for looks .
1	 I give it a order of 5 superstar for looks .
1	 It also has a 10 year warranty , which is just icing on the cake .
1	 It also has a decade year warranty , which is just icing on the coat .
1	 It too has a 10 year warranty , which is just icing on the bar .
1	After comparing the included Creative earbuds directly against my Sony MD-E828LP's and Sennheiser MX-400's, I find myself still using the Creative's, which in my opinion, sound every bit as good and have a slightly longer cord.  
1	After comparing the included Creative earbuds directly against my Sony MD-E828LP's and Sennheiser MX-400's, unity determine myself tranquil victimisation the Creative's, which in my view, sound every bit as adept and have a slenderly longer cord.  
1	After equate the included creative earbuds straightaway against my Sony MD-E828LP's and Sennheiser MX-400's, I find myself static using the Creative's, which in my opinion, sound every snatch as adept and have a slenderly longer cord.  
1	We have never had any problems with anything like loose wipes getting stuck (we always wrap them in the dirty diaper).
1	We have never had any problems with anything like easy wipes arrest mystify (we always wrap them in the cheating diaper).
1	We have never had any problems with anything similar sluttish wipes getting flummox (we always wrap them in the contaminating diaper).
0	 Anyways , back to the point : I 've tried to be so calm over the past month of dealing with Acer and their terrible service and support .
0	 Anyways , back to the indicate : I 've seek to be so tranquillise over the by month of dealing with Acer and their atrocious service and support .
0	 Anyways , punt to the channelise : unity 've tried to be so calm over the past month of dealing with Acer and their unspeakable service and stand .
0	) Button sensitivity: Even reduced to the lowest sensitivity setting, the buttons are far two sensitive, really takes some getting use to, and even then, it is still too sensitive. 
0	) Button sensitivity: tied reduced to the scummy sensitivity fructify, the buttons are far two sensitive, really consider some sustain use to, and even then, it is still too sensitive. 
0	) Button sensitivity: yet reduced to the lowest sensitivity countersink, the button are far two sensitive, really necessitate some induce use to, and even then, it is still too sensitive. 
1	5. Check traffic411.com for LA traffic on the 405.
1	Phoebe. Check traffic411.com for Louisiana traffic on the 405.
1	Phoebe. delay traffic411.com for LA traffic on the 405.
1	It's oval and... nice.
1	It's elliptic and... nice.
1	It's oval and... squeamish.
0	After 57 pictures total the LCD went black except for the icons showing the settings. 
0	After 57 pictures total the LCD function smutty except for the icons register the settings. 
0	After 57 pictures total the LCD run bleak except for the icons show the settings. 
1	battery life is good , although i recommend two rechargebles , or a alkaline backup , for those emergency pics you have to have . 
1	battery aliveness is dear , although i recommend two rechargebles , or a alkaline support , for those emergency photograph you have to have . 
1	battery life-time is safe , although i recommend II rechargebles , or a alkaline stand-in , for those emergency pics you have to have . 
1	range of functions - as indicated above - it has something for everyone : point and shoot power plus advanced functions for those who are serious about photography . 
1	chain of functions - as indicated above - it has something for everyone : sharpen and dart power plus innovative work for those who are serious about photography . 
1	rove of functions - as indicated above - it has something for everyone : point and snap powerfulness plus supercharge part for those who are serious about photography . 
1	 They are very sturdy , and have no trouble balance wise , or handling oddly shaped speakers .
1	 They are very sturdy , and have no perturb equipoise wise , or manipulation oddly shaped speakers .
1	 They are very uncompromising , and have no disquiet balance wise , or wield oddly shaped speakers .
0	Also if you do manage to get it installed, any problems with LiveUpdate or with System Works will also affect the functionality and/or the process of updating Internet Security.
0	Also if you do finagle to sustain it installed, any problems with LiveUpdate or with system process will also regard the functionality and/or the march of updating Internet Security.
0	also if you do finagle to make it installed, any problems with LiveUpdate or with system mold will also strike the functionality and/or the process of updating Internet Security.
0	within a year , there are problems with my menu dial knob . 
0	within a class , there are problems with my menu dial boss . 
0	within a class , there are problems with my menu dial thickening . 
1	all other buttons are pretty sensitive to touch and work well . 
1	all other button are pretty sensitive to tinct and work well . 
1	all other release are pretty sensitive to touch and forge well . 
1	nice little phone ... light compact . . 
1	nice little phone ... light heavyset . . 
1	nice little phone ... swooning compact . . 
0	 They said the product was defective and said they would send a new one .
0	 They said the product was defective and aver they would beam a new one .
0	 They said the product was faulty and said they would post a new one .
0	Can't get easier than that!
0	Can't obtain easier than that!
0	Can't receive easier than that!
1	i love this player . 
1	i fuck this player . 
1	i jazz this player . 
0	cheap construction - they should have made the player out of hard plastic and put some rubber on the corners . 
0	cheap construction - they should have name the player out of hard formative and put some golosh on the corners . 
0	tatty construction - they should have made the player out of hard plastic and put some galosh on the niche . 
0	 When it works its fine but I have gone through two monitors now both with defective switches .
0	 When it crop its fine but I have gone through two monitors now both with bad swop .
0	 When it work its hunky-dory but I have gone through 2 monitors now both with defective switches .
1	the menus and features are easy to manipulate and access , and it takes silent movies . 
1	the menus and features are sluttish to manipulate and access , and it carry unsounded movies . 
1	the menus and features are well-off to manipulate and access , and it learn silent film . 
0	it has a few inconveniences : one is that the songs do not automatically play one after another like on a cd . 
0	it has a few bother : peerless is that the songs do not automatically act one after another comparable on a cd . 
0	it has a few troublesomeness : 1 is that the birdcall do not automatically play single after another like on a cd . 
1	start up is so quick  
1	showtime up is so quick  
1	start up is so straightaway  
1	I can't smell anything (and believe me, this is quite something with my baby).
1	I can't reek anything (and believe me, this is quite something with my infant).
1	ace can't tone anything (and believe me, this is quite something with my baby).
1	  Plus, if you order from Amazon.com, they will exchange it for you no problem.  
1	  Plus, if you rescript from amazon.com, they will change it for you no problem.  
1	  plus, if you range from Amazon.com, they will replace it for you no problem.  
1	 Connection speed to the other 2 machines seems awesome - much quicker than the router I replaced , and when combined with the simplicity of the Valet Plus , this makes for a great product .
1	 connectedness speed to the other 2 machines seems awesome - much flying than the router i replaced , and when merge with the ease of the Valet Plus , this brand for a great product .
1	 connexion swiftness to the other 2 machines seems awesome - much quicker than the router I supersede , and when combined with the restraint of the Valet Plus , this wee-wee for a great ware .
1	Have a great and easy to use bundled software
1	Have a big and easy to use bundled software
1	receive a great and easy to use bundled software
0	1 no direct firewire to the camera . 
0	ace no direct firewire to the camera . 
0	i no direct firewire to the camera . 
1	transfer through windows explorer - windows recognizes the jukebox as an additional hard disk , so it allows you to simply drag and drop files from windows explorer to a folder for the nomad . 
1	transferee through windows explorer - window recognize the jukebox as an additional hard disk , so it allows you to simply dredge and unload files from windows explorer to a leaflet for the nomad . 
1	transferee through windows explorer - window recognizes the jukebox as an additional backbreaking record , so it countenance you to simply drag and drop files from windows explorer to a brochure for the nomad . 
1	I use it in the table (never take the springs out - just attach the fine adjustment knob), in my woodrat and freehand and it works great in all circumstances.
1	I enjoyment it in the defer (never aim the springiness out - just attach the ok adjustment knob), in my woodrat and freehand and it works great in all circumstances.
1	single use it in the table (never train the springs out - just tie the fine adjustment knob), in my woodrat and freehand and it bring great in all condition.
1	when i took outdoor photos with plenty of light and the objects were n't moving , the photos were awesome . 
1	when i exact outdoor photos with mass of unclouded and the objects were n't moving , the photos were awesome . 
1	when i shoot outdoor photos with plenty of light-headed and the objects were n't proceed , the photos were awesome . 
1	The M12V has been great.
1	The M12V has been nifty.
1	The M12V has been outstanding.
1	 The speakers have a very rich sound and good bass also , obviously not thumping bass for which you would need a huge subwoofer !!
1	 The speakers have a very plentiful strait and honest bass also , obviously not thumping bass for which you would involve a huge subwoofer !!
1	 The speakers have a very racy healthy and secure bass also , obviously not pound bass for which you would need a huge subwoofer !!
0	fm receiver - it has none . 
0	Fm receiver - it has none . 
0	fm recipient - it has none . 
0	To make matters work, there is no manual override to overcome this problem.
0	To crap matters function, there is no manual override to overcome this problem.
0	To give matters crop, there is no manual override to overcome this problem.
0	- no option for caller-id pictures or individualized ringtones . 
0	- no option for caller-id picture or individualized ringtones . 
0	- no option for caller-id pictures or personalise ringtones . 
1	 With the iPod, you can also store documents and contact files (from programs such as Microsoft Outlook) when it's connected to your PC as an external hard drive. 
1	 With the iPod, you can also storage documents and impinging lodge (from programs such as Microsoft Outlook) when it's connected to your PC as an external severe ram. 
1	 With the iPod, you can also store documents and reach lodge (from programs such as Microsoft Outlook) when it's connected to your PC as an extraneous unvoiced thrust. 
0	i have not even used my new dvd player and already i am disapointed ! 
0	i have not even victimized my raw dvd player and already i am disapointed ! 
0	i have not regular used my novel dvd player and already i am disapointed ! 
0	Shortly after I brought it, the plunging shafts started sticking.
0	Shortly after I brought it, the plunging shafts begin stay.
0	Shortly after iodine brought it, the plunging shafts bulge sticking.
1	just easily drag and drop files into the nomad explorer and from there you easily alter id tags and sort your music according to your liking , by artist , song title , genre , etc. 
1	just easy draw and shed files into the nomad explorer and from there you easily alter id track and variety your music according to your liking , by artist , birdsong title , genre , etc. 
1	just well drag and fell lodge into the nomad explorer and from there you easily alter ID rag and sort your music concord to your liking , by artist , song title , genre , etc. 
0	the one i purchased for a frend as a gift will not read any dvd disc . 
0	the one i purchased for a frend as a give will not register any dvd platter . 
0	the unrivalled i purchased for a frend as a invest will not register any dvd disc . 
0	the player 's mechanics are also flawed . 
0	the musician 's mechanics are also flawed . 
0	the player 's car-mechanic are also flawed . 
1	No one has ever come to my house and noticed 'diaper odor.'
1	No i has ever come to my household and noticed 'diaper odor.'
1	no one has ever come to my house and noticed 'diaper smell.'
1	the sound quality is also nice ... after i hooked up my sony headphones instead of those factory earbuds it comes with . 
1	the healthy prize is also overnice ... after i hooked up my sony headphones instead of those factory earbuds it seed with . 
1	the legal quality is also decent ... after i pinch up my sony headphones instead of those factory earbuds it cum with . 
1	This camera takes amazing pictures and its size cannot be beat. 
1	This camera have amazing pictures and its size cannot be stupefy. 
1	This camera need amazing pictures and its size cannot be crush. 
0	I think it is a combination of the program size taking up resources and the open/close scanning that it does with every program.
0	I consider it is a combination of the program size engage up resources and the capable/close scanning that it does with every syllabus.
0	I intend it is a combination of the plan size get up resources and the exposed/close scanning that it does with every program.
0	 D-Link got greedy and in trying to sell you their pathetic extras made the product unusable .
0	 D-Link develop greedy and in assay to sell you their pitiable extras made the product unusable .
0	 D-Link got avid and in trying to trade you their pathetic extras name the product unusable .
0	c ) the scroll bar is a travesty -- enough said 
0	c ) the scroll bar is a travesty -- enough tell 
0	c ) the scroll cake is a travesty -- enough said 
1	i 've had no problems at all so far and i 'm very happy . 
1	i 've had no job at all so ALIR and i 'm very happy . 
1	i 've had no problem at all so ALIR and i 'm very happy . 
0	The only problem is that occasionally the joystick does start to dig into your thumb while gaming.
0	The only job is that occasionally the joystick does originate to dig into your thumb while play.
0	The only problem is that occasionally the joystick does protrude to poke into your thumb while gambling.
1	There is no odor and it is very easy to use.
1	There is no odor and it is very easily to enjoyment.
1	There is no odor and it is very well-fixed to usance.
1	For those Mac OSX users out there, iSync works fairly well.
1	For those Mac OSX users out there, iSync ferment reasonably well.
1	For those mac OSX users out there, iSync works fairly easily.
1	The screen is quite big (between all handphone), but the just about 65000 color.
1	The screen is quite grown (between all handphone), but the just about 65000 colorize.
1	The sieve is quite big (between all handphone), but the just about 65000 colorise.
0	if there was a zero-star rating i would give it.
0	if there was a zero-star order i would impart it.
0	if there was a zero-star rate i would yield it.
0	the pc-side software can be goofy and takes a little getting used to but it 's not as bad as some reviewers have indicated . 
0	the pc-side software can be goofy and consume a little amaze utilise to but it 's not as speculative as some reviewers have indicated . 
0	the pc-side software can be wacky and involve a little getting used to but it 's not as badness as some reviewers have signal . 
1	And it fits right in my pocket much easier than my old S30. 
1	And it fits compensate in my bag much easier than my old S30. 
1	And it go right in my pocket much loose than my old S30. 
1	additionally , it has more fun stuff like more tones , wallpapers , screensaver , stop clock , alarm , java applications ( chess , currency converter etc. ) 
1	additionally , it has more fun gorge like more tint , wallpapers , screensaver , occlusive clock , dismay , java applications ( chess , currency converter etc. ) 
1	additionally , it has more fun stuff like more note , wallpapers , screensaver , occlusive clock , horrify , java coating ( chess , currency converter etc. ) 
1	i am ripping my cd collection into 160 kbps wma files ; this gives an average of around 60-65 mb per cd , good for about 900 cds in the ~ 57,000 mb of free memory available to me . 
1	i am rending my cd assembling into 160 kbps wma files ; this devote an average of about 60-65 mb per cd , soundly for about 900 cds in the ~ 57,000 MB of disembarrass memory available to me . 
1	i am ripping my cd collecting into 160 kbps wma charge ; this pay an average of some 60-65 mb per cd , goodness for about 900 cds in the ~ 57,000 mb of liberate storage available to me . 
1	at works as well as can be expected for products in this space and the company backs it up with good support.     
1	at works as fountainhead as can be expected for products in this space and the society backs it up with near underpin.     
1	at works as well as can be anticipate for products in this space and the fellowship backs it up with near sustain.     
1	since then, i have not found one major problem with it.
1	since then, i have not found ace Major problem with it.
1	since then, i have not recover ace major problem with it.
1	drops and strong signals even from the backyard. 
1	drops and warm signals even from the backyard. 
1	neglect and strong signals even from the backyard. 
1	 This one has a color display, which I like a lot, being very visual. 
1	 This I has a color display, which I like a sight, being very visual. 
1	 This one has a color display, which iodine like a lot, being very ocular. 
0	but the earbuds suck ! 
0	but the earbuds fellate ! 
0	but the earbuds suction ! 
1	 - Power , volume , and bass controls on the right speaker are fairly handy .
1	 - Power , volume , and bass controls on the right-hand talker are fairly handy .
1	 - mogul , volume , and bass controls on the right speaker are jolly handy .
1	even better , with the optional headset you can listen to music over the integrated radio . 
1	eventide near , with the optional headset you can listen to music over the unified radio . 
1	regular respectable , with the optional headset you can listen to music over the integrated tuner . 
1	It was a good player when it worked and I loved the design.  
1	It was a good participant when it worked and I screw the design.  
1	It was a good player when it worked and 1 bed the design.  
0	size - bigger than the ipod 
0	size - cock-a-hoop than the ipod 
0	size - grown than the ipod 
1	It is slow to initially start up, but once it's turned on, I've never had any complaints about the speed.
1	It is deadening to initially kickoff up, but once it's plough on, I've never had any complaints about the hotfoot.
1	It is dull to initially begin up, but once it's wrench on, I've ne'er had any complaints about the speed.
1	I don't have problems with the depth adjustment, the speed control, the collet ( I haven't tried the 1/4" sleeve yet) .
1	1 don't have problems with the depth adjustment, the speed manipulate, the collet ( unity haven't essay the 1/4" sleeve yet) .
1	ane don't have problems with the depth adjustment, the speed control, the collet ( I haven't tried the i/iv" arm yet) .
1	the quality is superb . 
1	the caliber is superb . 
1	the select is superb . 
0	tech support from apex is literally - nonexistent . 
0	tech backing from apex is literally - nonexistent . 
0	tech reinforcement from apex is literally - nonexistent . 
1	the extended zoom range and faster lense put it at the top of it 's class . 
1	the expand zoom compass and faster lense order it at the top of it 's class . 
1	the extended zoom vagabond and faster lense commit it at the top of it 's separate . 
1	The 6600 has more ameneties than most - World phone, Camera (VGA/zoom/night mode/timer), Video (w/ audio & zoom), Speaker (good sound), Bluetooth, infrared, Modem for computers, electronic wallet, Internet access, Calendar, calculator, converter and more.
1	The 6600 has more ameneties than most - global phone, camera (VGA/zoom/night mode/timer), Video (w/ audio & zoom), Speaker (adept profound), Bluetooth, infrared, Modem for computer, electronic wallet, Internet admittance, Calendar, computer, converter and more.
1	The 6600 has more ameneties than most - worldwide phone, Camera (VGA/zoom/night manner/timer), video (westward/ audio & zoom), Speaker (good effectual), Bluetooth, infrared, Modem for reckoner, electronic wallet, Internet access, Calendar, computer, converter and more.
1	 This netbook is very light but still powerful .
1	 This netbook is very faint but still powerful .
1	 This netbook is very light but still mighty .
1	this thing seriously is a good player though . 
1	this affair seriously is a good player though . 
1	this thing seriously is a dear player though . 
1	 The!  sound quality is great. 
1	 The!  healthy quality is great. 
1	 The!  sound prime is great. 
0	i was unable achieve a sound quality on par with my simple portable cd player with " bass boost . " 
0	i was unable achieve a sound quality on equivalence with my mere portable cd instrumentalist with " bass boost . " 
0	i was unable reach a sound quality on par with my unproblematic portable cd actor with " bass boost . " 
1	First of all, the phone houses a great deal of memory for multiple videos, sound clips, photos, texts, etc.
1	First of all, the call houses a bully deal of memory for multiple videos, legal clips, photos, texts, etc.
1	First of all, the phone houses a keen deal of storage for multiple videos, voice clips, photos, texts, etc.
0	i tried to contact apex to return it ( i missed the amazon return period ) and it took 3 months to get through to their customer service dept . 
0	i stress to contact peak to return it ( i missed the virago return period ) and it took 3 months to experience through to their customer serving dept . 
0	i taste to link apex to return it ( i pretermit the amazon return period ) and it film 3 months to beat through to their customer service dept . 
1	 It works , good customer service -LRB- so far -RRB- = 4 stars .
1	 It go , good customer service -LRB- so far -RRB- = 4 principal .
1	 It plant , good customer service -LRB- so far -RRB- = quaternion stars .
1	Overall, I am very pleased with it.  
1	Overall, I am very delight with it.  
1	Overall, single am very pleased with it.  
1	Their products have been great and have saved my bacon on numerous occasions.
1	Their merchandise have been great and have saved my Bacon on numerous occasions.
1	Their products have been enceinte and have deliver my bacon on numerous occasions.
0	quite simply , the firmware and / or the os that control this thing is not ready for prime time . 
0	quite simply , the firmware and / or the O that control this thing is not set for prize time . 
0	quite simply , the firmware and / or the os that operate this thing is not ready for premier sentence . 
1	The player is smaller than you think. 
1	The player is smaller than you mean. 
1	The player is smaller than you opine. 
0	 One thing to consider is that these stands are not height adjustable and the speakers will not angle down .
0	 ane thing to consider is that these viewpoint are not peak adjustable and the speakers will not angle down .
0	 nonpareil thing to take is that these stands are not height adjustable and the speakers will not slant down .
1	Clear the call logs once in a while to speed up the phone people!!!
1	Clear the call logs once in a while to hurrying up the ring people!!!
1	exonerated the Call logs once in a while to speed up the phone people!!!
1	This router acts as a wireless access point, 100 MB switch and a router making it a nice multipurpose device.  
1	This router enactment as a wireless access luff, 100 MB transposition and a router pretend it a nice multipurpose device.  
1	This router routine as a wireless access dot, 100 M switch and a router stool it a nice multipurpose device.  
1	 The rechargeable battery is a great feature .
1	 The rechargeable barrage is a great feature .
1	 The rechargeable shelling is a great feature .
1	The height adjustment knob is a bit flimsy, but it works well and provides good accuracy.
1	The altitude adjustment thickening is a bit flimsy, but it works well and provides secure accuracy.
1	The height adjustment knob is a flake fragile, but it works well and provides skillful accuracy.
1	 Also has a nice guest feature so your visitors can connect separate of your primary link .
1	 Also has a gracious node lineament so your visitors can connect separate of your primary link .
1	 Also has a nice guest feature so your visitors can unite fork of your primary connect .
0	i was a little disappointed in the low end . 
0	i was a little disappointed in the low goal . 
0	i was a little disappointed in the low remnant . 
1	after nearly 800 pictures i have found that this nikon takes incredible pictures . 
1	after most 800 pictures i have rule that this nikon takes incredible pictures . 
1	after nearly 800 pictures i have determine that this nikon takes incredible render . 
1	However, this ultracompact allows the photographer to personalize his or her shooting preferences through a variety of preset and user definable modes. 
1	However, this ultracompact earmark the photographer to individualize his or her take preferences through a salmagundi of preset and user definable modes. 
1	However, this ultracompact tolerate the photographer to personalize his or her dart preferences through a kind of preset and user definable fashion. 
1	 Overall a sweet machine .
1	 Overall a Sweet machine .
1	 Overall a sweet automobile .
0	2 . the scroll button is n't the best , as it sometimes can be hard to select . 
0	2 . the roll button is n't the upright , as it sometimes can be heavy to select . 
0	2 . the whorl button is n't the practiced , as it sometimes can be intemperate to select . 
1	 The set up was pretty simple , basically a matter of hooking everything up and rebooting your system at which time you 're taken to the D-Link website to finalize how your setup will be .
1	 The bent up was pretty simple , basically a topic of addict everything up and rebooting your arrangement at which time you 're assume to the D-Link website to finalise how your setup will be .
1	 The sic up was pretty wide-eyed , basically a matter of hooking everything up and rebooting your organisation at which sentence you 're make to the D-Link website to finalise how your setup will be .
0	The price is $... more.
0	The cost is $... more.
0	The terms is $... more.
1	at double-speed ( 2x forward speed ) , it still plays mp3s with sound -- they are pitch-corrected and smooth , but twice as fast ! 
1	at double-speed ( 2x forward hasten ) , it stillness manoeuvre mp3s with sound -- they are pitch-corrected and smooth , but twice as immobile ! 
1	at double-speed ( 2x forward hurrying ) , it allay wager mp3s with sound -- they are pitch-corrected and liquid , but twice as fast ! 
0	it would only transfer 30 or so songs , and then come up with an error . 
0	it would only transfer thirty or so songs , and then number up with an fault . 
0	it would only transmit 30 or so strain , and then seed up with an error . 
0	i have windows xp pro and when installing the enclosed software i did receive a message that there was a problem installing the driver . 
0	i have windows xp pro and when establish the enclosed software i did experience a content that there was a problem establish the driver . 
0	i have windows xp professional and when installment the confine software i did receive a message that there was a problem install the driver . 
1	But since it's so small, it isn't a big deal to bring it with me.  
1	But since it's so small, it isn't a braggart consider to take it with me.  
1	just since it's so small, it isn't a grownup share to bring it with me.  
0	Almost from the beginning, LiveUpdate would not function.
0	Almost from the outset, LiveUpdate would not function.
0	nearly from the beginning, LiveUpdate would not function.
1	All-in-all, Creative has definitely come up with a winner in terms of product design and features, and I look forward to the Nomad/Zen line of products seizing more market share as people begin to realize that quality is a better determinant of experience than quantity and hype.  
1	All-in-all, Creative has definitely arrive up with a winner in terms of ware contrive and features, and i expression forward to the Nomad/dose occupation of products seizing more mart share as people begin to realize that quality is a skilful determinant of experience than quantity and hype.  
1	All-in-all, Creative has definitely come up with a winner in terms of product design and boast, and 1 looking forward to the Nomad/Zen line of products confiscate more market plowshare as citizenry begin to recognise that caliber is a respectable determinant of experience than quantity and hype.  
0	I find it a bit difficult to manage the very tiny buttons and impossible to read the icons without my reading glasses on.
0	I ascertain it a bit difficult to wield the very bantam buttons and impossible to read the icons without my study glasses on.
0	I ascertain it a mo difficult to manage the very tiny push and impossible to read the icons without my record glasses on.
1	 I absolutely LOVE these speakers .
1	 I absolutely LOVE these utterer .
1	 I absolutely eff these speakers .
1	One cabinet shop has been using one regularly in a router table for 11 years without a problem.
1	One cabinet shop has been use one regularly in a router table for 11 age without a trouble.
1	ane cabinet shop has been using one regularly in a router mesa for xi years without a problem.
0	When you consider expandability (downloads via computer), the numerous features, two transmission programs and multiple storage devices, dependability - this is a phone that isn't easy to out-grow.
0	When you consider expandability (downloads via computer), the numerous features, deuce transmission programs and multiple warehousing devices, reliability - this is a earpiece that isn't loose to out-grow.
0	When you regard expandability (downloads via computer), the numerous features, two infection programs and multiple store devices, dependability - this is a earphone that isn't slowly to out-grow.
0	 The first set I received had a loud audible tone coming from the speakers and had to be returned .
0	 The beginning coif I received had a brassy audible tone coming from the speakers and had to be returned .
0	 The inaugural coif I received had a loud audible tone orgasm from the speakers and had to be returned .
0	 - Ported sub woofer not appropriate for this set up .
0	 - Ported sub woofer not appropriate for this limit up .
0	 - Ported sub woofer not earmark for this set up .
1	compared to everything else in this category , this is most definately the best bang for the buck . 
1	compared to everything else in this class , this is most definately the considerably bang for the hitch . 
1	compared to everything else in this family , this is most definately the just smasher for the buck . 
0	it would spin , read , spin some more and then show on the display that there was no disc . 
0	it would spin , take , tailspin some more and then prove on the display that there was no disc . 
0	it would whirl , learn , birl some more and then show on the display that there was no disc . 
1	overall the nikon 4300 is a very dependable , robust , and useful little camera . 
1	overall the nikon 4300 is a very reliable , robust , and useful slight camera . 
1	overall the nikon 4300 is a very safe , robust , and utile little camera . 
1	the macro works great for medical photographs and the auto mode is terrific for point and shoot . 
1	the macro works great for medical photographs and the car mode is terrific for sharpen and tear . 
1	the macro works large for medical photographs and the car mode is terrific for stop and shoot . 
1	The best part of the firewall is the visual backtracking.
1	The effective portion of the firewall is the visual backtracking.
1	The trump character of the firewall is the visual backtracking.
0	(I never know when the Champ is full as there is no way too tell.  Even though not particularly aesthetic, how about making the Champ clear and see-through?) So, I lift the lid and find a wad of diaper, which I must remove, usually stuck inside the lid itself because the bag is too full.
0	(I never know when the Champ is entire as there is no way too recite.  Even though not peculiarly aesthetic, how about defecate the Champ light and see-through?) So, I countermand the lid and breakthrough a passel of diaper, which unity must remove, usually bewilder inside the lid itself because the bagful is too full.
0	(i never know when the Champ is good as there is no way too separate.  fifty-fifty though not particularly aesthetic, how about hold the Champ clearly and sheer?) So, I vacate the lid and find a wad of diaper, which iodine mustiness transfer, usually stuck inside the lid itself because the bag is too full.
1	+ screen was good , easy to read 
1	+ screen was good , easy to register 
1	+ screen was secure , easy to read 
1	bottom line , well made camera , easy to use , very flexible and powerful features to include the ability to use external flash and lense / filters choices . 
1	bottom line , swell realize camera , slowly to use , very flexible and powerful features to include the ability to utilization external flash and lense / filter choices . 
1	merchantman line , well made camera , easy to expend , very elastic and powerful have to include the ability to use external ostentate and lense / filters choices . 
1	the included eax support is useful at times , especially when you listen to a variety of genres , as it will adjust the equalizer for you which can be a big hassle . 
1	the include eax endorse is useful at times , especially when you hear to a salmagundi of genres , as it will adjust the equaliser for you which can be a bighearted hassle . 
1	the included eax indorse is useful at times , peculiarly when you listen to a assortment of genres , as it will correct the equalizer for you which can be a great plague . 
1	I bought this camera for the same reason many of you are considering it, or have already bought it--it's size.
1	ane bought this camera for the same cause many of you are deliberate it, or have already purchase it--it's size.
1	unity bought this camera for the same cause many of you are debate it, or have already buy it--it's size.
1	When it's working, it's great but it is very tempermental.   1
1	When it's solve, it's bully but it is very tempermental.   1
1	When it's work, it's majuscule but it is very tempermental.   1
1	There are number of downloads needed/available for this phone & they will be texted to you at no cost.
1	There are enumerate of downloads needful/available for this earpiece & they will be texted to you at no cost.
1	There are list of downloads needed/available for this sound & they will be texted to you at no be.
1	This is also the case with NIS 2004.
1	This is also the casing with NIS 2004.
1	This is also the character with NIS 2004.
0	You hit the message button on the front and it takes a matter of SECONDS to bring up the menu.
0	You score the message button on the figurehead and it ingest a matter of back to bring up the menu.
0	You slay the message button on the front and it contract a count of moment to bring up the menu.
0	The little bag it comes with is cheap and useless.  
0	The little bag it total with is gimcrack and useless.  
0	The short bag it comes with is tinny and useless.  
1	I think the OS and controls are very well thought out and although I'll admit I was a bit intimidated during my first few hours with the Micro, the interface and controls became second nature after the first day or so. 
1	I recollect the OS and ascendency are very advantageously opine out and although I'll admit I was a morsel intimidated during my outset few hr with the Micro, the interface and controls became sec nature after the first day or so. 
1	one suppose the osmium and ascendency are very well consider out and although I'll accept I was a bit intimidated during my offset few hours with the Micro, the interface and curb became second nature after the first day or so. 
1	the aff feature did a great job converting the letterbox to fill 3/4 of the screen and the image still looked normal . 
1	the aff feature did a enceinte job converting the letterbox to fill terzetto/4 of the screen and the figure unruffled looked normal . 
1	the aff feature did a great job change the letterbox to fill 3/4 of the screen and the paradigm tranquillize looked pattern . 
0	i send my camera to nikon for servicing , took them a whole 6 weeks to diagnose the problem . 
0	i broadcast my camera to nikon for servicing , acquire them a whole half-dozen weeks to diagnose the problem . 
0	i charge my camera to nikon for servicing , contain them a whole sextuplet weeks to diagnose the problem . 
1	And the tech writers have made the installation process SO EASY for people lik my aunt to follow. 
1	And the tech writers have name the installation process therefore easygoing for people lik my aunt to follow. 
1	And the tech writers have realise the installation process SO loose for citizenry lik my aunt to follow. 
1	it is the most bang-for-the-buck out there . 
1	it is the most bang-for-the-buck out there . 
1	 Logitech 's N550 Speaker Lapdesk wins in the area of comfort .
1	 Logitech 's N550 speaker Lapdesk wins in the field of comfort .
1	 Logitech 's N550 talker Lapdesk gain in the area of comfort .
1	i have no problem using the player itself and i feel it is a very good player . 
1	i have no problem employ the player itself and i feel it is a very practiced histrion . 
1	i have no problem victimisation the player itself and i feel it is a very salutary participant . 
1	 This audio bar has a great sound , even when i turn it up to the highest level on my laptop .
1	 This audio ginmill has a great go , eve when i tour it up to the highest level on my laptop .
1	 This audio taproom has a heavy heavy , even when i turn it up to the highest tier on my laptop .
0	yes the included earphones suck but everyone replaces them anyway . 
0	yes the included earphones imbibe but everyone exchange them anyway . 
0	yes the included earphones imbibe but everyone interchange them anyway . 
0	The only way my pc internet works is if I open the Firewall Program configuration and manually refresh it.
0	The only mode my pc internet function is if I exposed the Firewall Program configuration and manually refresh it.
0	The only way my pc internet mould is if I open the firewall Program contour and manually refresh it.
1	nikon 4300 , i feel , is the best camera out there for the features and price . 
1	nikon 4300 , i find , is the practiced camera out there for the feature and price . 
1	nikon 4300 , i tone , is the dependable camera out there for the features and damage . 
1	The focus is great, though, if you are not taking a macro shot.
1	The focalize is great, though, if you are not learn a macro shot.
1	The focus is expectant, though, if you are not select a macro shot.
1	I love the camera.
1	I beloved the camera.
1	I know the camera.
1	So far I have used all of the above-mentioned features, and find them well designed, and easy to understand.  
1	So far iodine have used all of the above-mentioned features, and regain them well intentional, and easy to understand.  
1	thence far ace have used all of the above-mentioned features, and find them well contrive, and easy to understand.  
1	No skips, and it hasn't faltered once (despite your inevitable drop or two.
1	No cut, and it hasn't faltered once (despite your inevitable dangle or two.
1	No skitter, and it hasn't faltered once (despite your inevitable devolve or two.
1	The interface has a sassier flair and the blue-lit trimming is an added bonus. 
1	The interface has a smart flair and the blue-lit trimming is an append bonus. 
1	The port has a sassier flair and the blue-lit trim is an added bonus. 
1	The power, low noise operation, and speed control makes up for the problems I have experienced.
1	The power, low noise performance, and speed control draw up for the problems 1 have experienced.
1	The power, lowly noise operation, and swiftness control form up for the problems I have experienced.
1	when i played back a symphony orchestra you would swear that you were seated dead center in front of the orchestra - it 's that good ! 
1	when i played backwards a symphony orchestra you would blaspheme that you were induct dead midpoint in front of the orchestra - it 's that respectable ! 
1	when i recreate hind a symphony orchestra you would swear that you were seated absolutely concentrate in front of the orchestra - it 's that near ! 
1	When the overall image quality (especially natural colours, details, natural looking of the pictures) is the most important thing, then this camera ist top notch and very impressive. 
1	When the overall envision timber (particularly natural colours, details, natural looking of the visualize) is the most important thing, then this camera ist pinch notch and very impressive. 
1	When the overall image select (especially natural colours, contingent, natural looking of the depict) is the most important affair, then this camera ist crown notch and very impressive. 
0	the general button placement is not very user friendly . 
0	the general button emplacement is not very user friendly . 
0	the general clitoris placement is not very user friendly . 
0	A couple of times a week it seems to cease access to the internet. 
0	A couple of sentence a week it seems to cease accession to the internet. 
0	angstrom twain of times a week it seems to cease access to the internet. 
0	it 's kinda heavy , kinda like having a walkman . 
0	it 's kinda arduous , kinda like having a walkman . 
0	it 's kinda heavy , kinda same having a walkman . 
1	i connected my camera to the tv and played some video clips and for a digital camera to take such good quality clips, i give it 5/5 stars =) oh and btw, while you take video clips, you can zoom it too! (digital zoom only though)...but still...(my old one can't do that...you have to zoom it first if you want then take the video clip.)
1	i connected my camera to the tv and trifle some video lop and for a digital camera to ask such commodity prime crop, i give it 5/5 genius =) oh and btw, while you return video clips, you can zoom it too! (digital zoom only though)...but placid...(my quondam peerless can't do that...you have to zoom it 1st if you want then charter the video clip.)
1	i join my camera to the tv and play some video clips and for a digital camera to film such honorable choice clips, i render it 5/5 virtuoso =) oh and btw, while you consume video clips, you can zoom it too! (digital zoom only though)...but still...(my onetime one can't do that...you have to soar it get-go if you want then contain the TV clip.)
1	the g3 has a different type of battery charging system from the smaller canon cameras : the battery needs to be charged while in the camera , but the charging system also enables you to use the camera while plugged in without running down the battery . 
1	the g3 has a different case of battery excite arrangement from the smaller canon cameras : the battery penury to be charged while in the camera , but the load system besides enables you to enjoyment the camera while plugged in without unravel down the battery . 
1	the g3 has a different type of battery institutionalise system from the belittled canon cameras : the battery demand to be consign while in the camera , but the rouse system besides enables you to use the camera while plugged in without working down the barrage . 
0	so loud , really , that it does n't work terribly well as a silent ringer option . 
0	so gimcrack , really , that it does n't mould terribly well as a unsounded ringer option . 
0	so loud , really , that it does n't study terribly swell as a unsounded ringer option . 
1	The Champ did not start letting a little odor through until well over a year.
1	The Champ did not commencement rental a little odor through until easily over a year.
1	The Champ did not protrude letting a short odor through until well over a class.
1	It's easy to install the security on this product but Linksys doesn't do a good job of explaining why its important.  
1	It's leisurely to install the security on this product but Linksys doesn't do a practiced problem of explaining why its crucial.  
1	It's sluttish to install the security on this product but Linksys doesn't do a goodness caper of explicate why its important.  
1	The camera is solid, performs well, takes good pictures, and the battery lasts pretty long if you disable the LCD viewfinder.
1	The camera is solid, performs well, takes skilful photograph, and the battery end pretty retentive if you disable the LCD viewfinder.
1	The camera is square, performs well, occupy honorable figure, and the battery lasts pretty long if you disable the LCD viewfinder.
1	The ear buds that come with it look cheap, but the sound quality is amazing. 
1	The ear buds that come with it look flashy, but the phone quality is dumbfound. 
1	The ear buds that total with it calculate cheap, but the sound quality is vex. 
1	If you're looking for a 3hp plunge router, the Hitachi M12V is your best bet to stretch your equipment budget.
1	If you're face for a 3hp plunge router, the Hitachi M12V is your adept calculate to stint your equipment budget.
1	If you're looking for a 3hp douse router, the Hitachi M12V is your expert play to reaching your equipment budget.
1	On the whole, I'm quite happy with the purchase.  
1	On the unscathed, I'm quite happy with the purchase.  
1	On the whole, I'm quite felicitous with the purchase.  
1	 For the price , the sound is great and their portability -LRB- pack down to a large egg-shape -RRB- is quite good .
1	 For the damage , the healthy is great and their portability -LRB- carry down to a bombastic egg-shape -RRB- is quite good .
1	 For the price , the wakeless is dandy and their portability -LRB- pack down to a enceinte egg-shape -RRB- is quite thoroughly .
1	 I loved the sound of these and the Polk and Klipsich floorstandings of similar characteristics .
1	 I bonk the go of these and the Polk and Klipsich floorstandings of alike characteristics .
1	 I jazz the sound of these and the Polk and Klipsich floorstandings of standardized feature .
0	This router was a huge disapointment.
0	This router was a immense disapointment.
0	This router was a vast disapointment.
1	i have to say i 'm also pretty impressed by the user interface for playing jpeg , mp3 and mpeg files stored on cd-rs / dvds . 
1	i have to pronounce i 'm also pretty impress by the user interface for spiel jpeg , mp3 and mpeg file stored on cd-rs / dvds . 
1	i have to say i 'm also pretty strike by the exploiter interface for encounter jpeg , mp3 and mpeg files stored on cd-rs / DVD . 
1	apex is the best cheap quality brand for dvd players . 
1	apex is the adept cheap quality brand for dvd thespian . 
1	apex is the adept cheap quality marque for dvd players . 
0	Sometimes, various applications crash.
0	Sometimes, various applications clangor.
0	Sometimes, various applications clank.
1	The S100's image quality rates in the middle of its class, but it can still be a reasonable choice for students, families, or small businesses looking for an ultra-portable camera that weighs less than half a pound with media and battery pack.
1	The S100's fancy quality rates in the in-between of its class, but it can still be a sane choice for students, mob, or lowly businesses looking for an ultra-portable camera that weigh less than half a thump with media and battery ring.
1	The S100's look-alike timber order in the midriff of its class, but it can smooth be a reasonable choice for students, folk, or lowly businesses looking for an ultra-portable camera that weighs less than half a pound with media and battery throng.
1	- well-backlit keypad 
1	- well-backlit keypad 
1	 This is a great 3-piece speaker system for a computer , and it 's worth every penny .
1	 This is a corking 3-piece speaker system for a figurer , and it 's deserving every penny .
1	 This is a majuscule 3-piece speaker scheme for a figurer , and it 's worth every penny .
0	 The only problem is the battery life.
0	 The only problem is the battery aliveness.
0	 The only problem is the bombardment life.
1	I was looking for something that wasn't too complicated to use and to help the pics I post on Ebay show more detial.
1	I was sounding for something that wasn't too complicated to use and to service the pics I position on Ebay display more detial.
1	unity was count for something that wasn't too complicated to apply and to help the pics I post on Ebay designate more detial.
1	And I must say...this MP3 is very cool.  
1	And I must suppose...this MP3 is very cool.  
1	And iodin must say...this MP3 is very cool.  
1	you could take a picture of a stone glinting in the sun and still avoid the shining glaze and get the contours right . 
1	you could acquire a picture of a stone glint in the sun and still avoid the sputter glaze and mother the contours right . 
1	you could take a show of a stone glinting in the sun and ease avoid the strike glaze and get the contour right . 
1	i find the apex ad-2600 to be a great buy . 
1	i find the peak ad-2600 to be a enceinte buy . 
1	i witness the apex ad-2600 to be a bully buy . 
1	 When I saw a lot of plastic where there was metal I was concerned that the sound would not be as good .
1	 When I examine a lot of plastic where there was metal I was refer that the levelheaded would not be as honest .
1	 When I saw a lot of plastic where there was metallic ace was implicated that the fathom would not be as good .
1	Transferring files couldn't be easier thanks to the included software bundle.  
1	Transferring register couldn't be well-off thanks to the included software bundle.  
1	transport files couldn't be easier thanks to the included software cluster.  
0	 It will only move the monitor side to side -LRB- no up\/down or tilt feature -RRB- .
0	 It will only motility the monitor side to side -LRB- no up\/down or leaning characteristic -RRB- .
0	 It will only relocation the monitor side to side -LRB- no up\/down or lean lineament -RRB- .
1	 Our connection and speed immediately soared once it was online and our network was set up .
1	 Our connection and amphetamine immediately soared once it was online and our mesh was adjust up .
1	 Our connector and fastness immediately soared once it was online and our network was placed up .
0	I still like it a lot and am not changing it for another, but it is sort of stinky.
0	I still care it a batch and am not alter it for another, but it is sort of stinky.
0	I yet like it a Lot and am not changing it for another, but it is sort of unpleasant-smelling.
1	very intuitive menus are a big plus on this camera . 
1	very intuitive menu are a freehanded plus on this camera . 
1	very visceral menus are a gravid plus on this camera . 
1	No need for deodorizers.
1	No indigence for deodorizers.
1	No pauperization for deodorizers.
0	my only gripe about the hardware is the buttons . 
0	my only gripe about the ironware is the buttons . 
0	my only squawk about the hardware is the buttons . 
1	simple to use and hook up . 
1	simple to purpose and hook up . 
1	simple to use and pilfer up . 
1	They also sound excellent compared to other earbuds including retail sets like Panasonics and Sennheisers. 
1	They also good excellent compared to other earbuds admit retail curing like Panasonics and Sennheisers. 
1	They also reasoned excellent compared to other earbuds including retail readiness care Panasonics and Sennheisers. 
0	The flaw is in the circuit board that the headphone jack is connected to. 
0	The flaw is in the circuit board that the headphone jackass is associate to. 
0	The flaw is in the circumference board that the headphone seaman is connected to. 
1	It holds quite a few diapers, and pops them in quickly and easily.
1	It book quite a few diaper, and pops them in quickly and easily.
1	It guard quite a few diapers, and papa them in quickly and easily.
1	the pictures are fabulous and their is a ( short ) learning curve to it ; there are tons of features i have n't even gotten to . 
1	the pictures are fab and their is a ( short ) ascertain curve to it ; there are loads of features i have n't even stimulate to . 
1	the pictures are fabulous and their is a ( unforesightful ) learning bend to it ; there are tons of features i have n't still sire to . 
1	well , this apex dvd player turned out great ! 
1	well , this acme dvd player turned out great ! 
1	well , this apex dvd player ferment out great ! 
1	huge storage space - even at 320kbs , you can store a ton of songs on this thing . 
1	huge depot blank - even at 320kbs , you can store a ton of strain on this thing . 
1	huge storage place - regular at 320kbs , you can entrepot a ton of songs on this thing . 
1	I upgraded from a very small 3.2 mpxl camera to this camera with great results. 
1	I upgrade from a very humble 3.2 mpxl camera to this camera with big results. 
1	ace upgraded from a very small tercet.2 mpxl camera to this camera with great issue. 
1	The arm band is fantastic and it doesn't budge even at the gym.  
1	The arm band is grotesque and it doesn't agitate even at the gym.  
1	The arm striation is fantastic and it doesn't budge level at the gym.  
1	2.  It can be operated with one hand - Leaving a hand on your baby on the changing table.
1	2.  It can be operated with 1 paw - Leaving a hand on your indulge on the changing table.
1	2.  It can be operated with one reach - provide a hand on your baby on the vary table.
1	it is crystal clear . 
1	it is crystal crystalise . 
1	it is crystal crystallise . 
0	Norton online support does not even acknowledge this problem nor does the computer company that preloaded it on our new computer.
0	Norton online patronage does not still receipt this problem nor does the estimator company that preloaded it on our new computer.
0	Norton online patronise does not even acknowledge this problem nor does the calculator fellowship that preloaded it on our young computer.
1	Works great, no odor, and uses regular bags.
1	Works great, no odor, and uses regular suitcase.
1	act great, no odor, and uses regular bags.
0	it was n't as easy to fast forward or pause a song than it was with a regular walkman . 
0	it was n't as easy to debauched frontwards or pause a song than it was with a steady walkman . 
0	it was n't as easy to fasting forrad or pause a birdsong than it was with a regular walkman . 
0	apparently , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can 't keep up with demands . 
0	apparently , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can 't sustain up with demand . 
0	plainly , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can 't keep up with ask . 
1	Mine is as easy to use as the mini without any firmware download. 
1	Mine is as loose to usage as the mini without any firmware download. 
1	Mine is as prosperous to utilise as the mini without any firmware download. 
1	Once installed, however, some of the functions do work OK (Disk Doctor, One Button Checkup, and WinDoctor).
1	Once installed, however, some of the operate do study OK (saucer Doctor, One Button Checkup, and WinDoctor).
1	formerly establish, however, some of the function do work OK (Disk Doctor, One Button Checkup, and WinDoctor).
1	 Very happy with the monitor and the price ...
1	 Very felicitous with the monitor and the price ...
1	 Very glad with the monitor and the price ...
1	the screen 's large and easily read . 
1	the riddle 's large and easily read . 
1	the screen 's prominent and easily read . 
0	games kind of stink and you cant download them you have to get the link cable to get additional games . 
0	games kind of mephitis and you cant download them you have to get the connection cable to capture additional punt . 
0	punt tolerant of stink and you cant download them you have to incur the link cable to obtain additional games . 
0	 While my laptop and netbook have decent speakers , the volume on such devices is inherently lower than with standard speakers , making it harder to hear some audio .
0	 While my laptop and netbook have decent speaker , the volume on such devices is inherently abject than with standard speakers , score it grueling to hear some sound .
0	 While my laptop and netbook have nice speakers , the volume on such devices is inherently depress than with standard verbalizer , wee-wee it severely to hear some audio .
0	The Touchpad is virtually unusable -- sometimes you have to press like mad to make a selection and other times the slightest brush causes something to be selected that you don't want. 
0	The Touchpad is virtually unserviceable -- sometimes you have to pressing like demented to pee a selection and other times the slightest brush causa something to be take that you don't want. 
0	The Touchpad is virtually unusable -- sometimes you have to weigh care mad to make a option and other times the slightest clash grounds something to be selected that you don't wish. 
0	  This was obviously a conspiracy as it is FREAKIN' EASY to manufacture a device with replaceable batteries!!
0	  This was manifestly a conspiracy as it is FREAKIN' easily to manufacture a device with replaceable bombardment!!
0	  This was plain a conspiracy as it is FREAKIN' slowly to fabricate a device with replaceable batteries!!
1	in summary , i love this camera and would whole-heartedly recommend this to anyone wanting a high quality point and shoot camera in the medium price range . 
1	in compact , i hump this camera and would whole-heartedly recommend this to anyone wanting a high quality target and snap camera in the medium price pasture . 
1	in summary , i love this camera and would whole-heartedly commend this to anyone wanting a richly character steer and shoot camera in the medium price scope . 
0	It DOES take some getting used to. 
0	It DOES involve some getting used to. 
0	It DOES take some start used to. 
1	Audio is mono and fairly acceptable, quiet also with little distortions. 
1	Audio is single-channel and fairly acceptable, lull also with little distortions. 
1	Audio is single-channel and fairly acceptable, quiet also with piffling distortions. 
0	since i received the phone , i spent countless hours on the phone with customer service reps who promised t-zones would work " in 24 hours " . 
0	since i incur the phone , i exhausted countless hours on the headphone with customer service reps who promised t-zones would crop " in 24 hours " . 
0	since i welcome the earphone , i spent countless hr on the phone with customer service reps who promised t-zones would lick " in 24 hours " . 
1	 If I were to rate these speakers on my listening needs , I would give a 2.5 stars , but I 'm giving 4 because I think they do the job that most people want them for .
1	 If I were to rate these verbaliser on my listening needs , I would devote a 2.V asterisk , but i 'm giving 4 because I think they do the job that most citizenry desire them for .
1	 If iodine were to order these speakers on my listening needs , i would impart a 2.5 principal , but I 'm yield 4 because one think they do the job that most people want them for .
1	the screen is large and bright and has all the info i need where i need it . 
1	the screen is magnanimous and bright and has all the info i postulate where i pauperism it . 
1	the screenland is large and bright and has all the info i indigence where i demand it . 
1	 Relatively small desktop footprint too .
1	 Relatively humble desktop footprint too .
1	 Relatively minuscule desktop footprint too .
0	the toggle button that is used to scroll is poorly designed and does not work well . 
0	the toggle button that is put-upon to scroll is sickly designed and does not sour well . 
0	the toggle button that is used to scroll is indisposed designed and does not knead considerably . 
1	 The larger screen has allowed me to put all my photos on it -LRB- could n't on the dell -RRB- and edit them .
1	 The larger sort has permit me to position all my photos on it -LRB- could n't on the dell -RRB- and delete them .
1	 The prominent concealment has earmark me to redact all my photos on it -LRB- could n't on the dell -RRB- and edit them .
1	but it comes with a tank of a case and if you cut a piece out where the screen is you can always keep it in the case and still access everything . 
1	but it comes with a tank of a event and if you dilute a spell out where the blind is you can always proceed it in the case and tranquilize access everything . 
1	but it total with a tank of a instance and if you cut a assemble out where the screen is you can always maintain it in the slip and nonetheless access everything . 
1	the player is fast and sounds great , it also has many options like slowing or speeding up the music , or making it sound like you 're hearing the music in a huge auditorium . 
1	the player is fasting and sounds great , it also has many options ilk decelerate or speeding up the music , or cause it vocalize like you 're hearing the music in a vast auditorium . 
1	the thespian is fast and sound corking , it also has many pick like slowing or speeding up the music , or reach it level-headed like you 're hearing the music in a huge auditorium . 
0	 Maybe some of you do n't have this problem , but I know of over 20 cases of buzzing from this monitor .
0	 maybe some of you do n't have this problem , but I love of over 20 pillowcase of buzzing from this reminder .
0	 perhaps some of you do n't have this problem , but I experience of over 20 sheath of buzzing from this Monitor .
0	This one is particularly bothersome: Allegedly one can use the Zen Micro as a portable drive to store and transport data from one computer to another.
0	This one is particularly bothersome: Allegedly nonpareil can habit the battery-acid Micro as a portable movement to store and enthrall data from one computer to another.
0	This one is particularly vexatious: Allegedly one can use the pane Micro as a portable driveway to memory and delight data from one computer to another.
1	the software is quick & easy to use & i found the entire process very easily mastered . 
1	the software is quick & easy to employment & i ground the entire appendage very easily mastered . 
1	the software is quick & wanton to habituate & i found the entire process very easily surmount . 
1	 I think the real reason that made the changes is that it now uses GPU hardware acceleration .
1	 1 recall the real reason that earn the changes is that it now uses GPU hardware acceleration .
1	 I recollect the real reason that nominate the changes is that it now apply GPU hardware acceleration .
1	 Apple 's wireless keyboard and mouse work flawlessly with the mini .
1	 Apple 's wireless keyboard and pussyfoot lick flawlessly with the mini .
1	 apple 's wireless keyboard and mouse study flawlessly with the mini .
0	when you look through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the bottom left corner of the picture ( about 15 % ) is blocked by the lens . 
0	when you attend through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the arse left corner of the depict ( about 15 % ) is stuff by the lens . 
0	when you bet through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the backside left niche of the picture ( about 15 % ) is stuff by the lens . 
0	the headphone jack seems to be a major problem . 
0	the headphone jackass seems to be a major problem . 
0	the headphone jacklight seems to be a major problem . 
1	Frankly, I think this is one of the niftiest pieces of hardware I've ever used.
1	Frankly, iodin think this is unitary of the groovy pieces of hardware I've ever used.
1	Frankly, single cogitate this is unrivaled of the niftiest pieces of hardware I've ever used.
1	 Bass fanatics , look at the S120PII .
1	 Bass fanatics , flavour at the S120PII .
1	 bass fanatics , look at the S120PII .
1	 Sound quality is great , bass quality is beyond good .
1	 Sound quality is great , bass quality is beyond estimable .
1	 audio quality is great , bass quality is beyond good .
1	There are 3 computers in my house all getting wireless connection from this router, and everybody is happy with it. 
1	There are troika computers in my theatre all cause wireless connective from this router, and everybody is happy with it. 
1	thither are threesome computers in my house all bewilder wireless connecter from this router, and everybody is happy with it. 
1	  I have transferred in about 2,400 tracks so far - very easy to use both the Ipod and iTunes. 
1	  I have channelize in about 2,400 tracks so far - very well-to-do to habit both the Ipod and iTunes. 
1	  iodin have transferred in about 2,400 tracks so far - very well-situated to purpose both the Ipod and iTunes. 
1	 This product is hard to beat at any price .
1	 This product is hard to ticktock at any price .
1	 This product is tough to beat at any price .
0	it wo n't play all of my movies . 
0	it wo n't dally all of my movies . 
0	it wo n't gaming all of my movies . 
1	i am quite happy having over 10 gigs of music stored on this baby as well as a few gigs of media files in the data folder . 
1	i am quite happy having over 10 spear of music stored on this mollycoddle as wellspring as a few lance of media file in the data folder . 
1	i am rather happy having over x gigs of music stored on this mollycoddle as good as a few gig of media files in the data folder . 
1	But like I stated, its better then a trash can, but I'm not sure if its better then the Diaper Genie.
1	But like I say, its beneficial then a trash can, but I'm not sure if its skilful then the nappy Genie.
1	But wish I stated, its intimately then a tripe can, but I'm not sure if its skilful then the Diaper Genie.
0	The Diaper Genie needs it's own refill bags in order to work and that's just more money that you don't have to spend.
0	The Diaper Genie necessarily it's own refill dish in govern to process and that's just more money that you don't have to spend.
0	The Diaper Genie needs it's own refill base in lodge to process and that's just more money that you don't have to pass.
1	it will read and play all cd audio disc . 
1	it will read and play all cd sound disc . 
1	it will read and work all cd audio disc . 
1	sound quality on this is amazing , as with all creative products . 
1	sound lineament on this is astonishing , as with all creative products . 
1	well-grounded quality on this is astonish , as with all creative products . 
1	A very well made product that has worked very well for me over the years. 
1	A very advantageously realise product that has mold very well for me over the years. 
1	A very well draw product that has work very considerably for me over the years. 
0	 I could tell this was a `` cheap '' monitor as soon as I set it up .
0	 I could differentiate this was a `` cheap '' monitor as shortly as I plant it up .
0	 I could secernate this was a `` loud '' monitor as soon as I circle it up .
0	but, i am quite unhappy with nokia at the moment.
0	but, i am quite distressed with nokia at the consequence.
0	but, i am rather unhappy with nokia at the mo.
1	I own this phone for about 6 months now, I have used the following features: bluetooth connection to laptop and desktop for sync contacts and calendars with Outlook, transfer files (movies, songs), I have many movies on it now with a 512MB memory card that it takes.
1	I own this headphone for about 6 months now, iodin have use the be features: bluetooth connection to laptop and desktop for sync contacts and calendars with Outlook, transferral register (movies, strain), I have many movies on it now with a 512MB memory notice that it lease.
1	i own this sound for about vi months now, i have used the observe sport: bluetooth connection to laptop and desktop for synchronise striking and calendars with Outlook, transfer files (movies, songs), I have many movies on it now with a 512MB memory card that it select.
1	I would put the Hitachi up with the best!
1	I would put the Hitachi up with the dependable!
1	I would put the Hitachi up with the effective!
0	However, it needs to be quite quiet for it to work at all -- dosn't work at all in the car, for example.
0	However, it needs to be quite quiesce for it to ferment at all -- dosn't sour at all in the car, for model.
0	however, it penury to be quite still for it to mould at all -- dosn't work at all in the car, for example.
1	 Still for the price you ca n't find better for the cost .
1	 Still for the price you ca n't retrieve dear for the cost .
1	 motionless for the price you ca n't regain better for the cost .
1	The phone can use any MIDI audio file as a ringtone.
1	The call can enjoyment any MIDI audio file as a ringtone.
1	The headphone can purpose any MIDI audio file as a ringtone.
0	The firmware has bugs too, so download and install the latest firmware from Linksys. 
0	The firmware has hemipteran too, so download and install the recent firmware from Linksys. 
0	The firmware has pester too, so download and install the recent firmware from Linksys. 
1	i am very pleased with it so far . 
1	i am very please with it so far . 
1	i am very pleased with it so Interahamwe . 
1	Absolutely no problems with this router. 
1	Absolutely no trouble with this router. 
1	dead no problems with this router. 
0	Nothing spectacular is done by internet security or by antivirus software.
0	Nothing dramatic is behave by internet security or by antivirus software.
0	Nothing spectacular is act by net security or by antivirus software.
1	PIII 1Ghz 512MB RDRAM Windows XP Pro 80GB HD  I was able to Uninstall NIS 2003 and Install NIS 2004 with no trouble.
1	PIII 1Ghz 512MB RDRAM Windows XP Pro 80GB HD  ace was able to Uninstall NIS 2003 and instal nickel 2004 with no fuss.
1	PIII 1Ghz 512MB RDRAM Windows XP pro 80GB HD  single was able to Uninstall NIS 2003 and instal NIS 2004 with no disquiet.
0	2 the battery life seems to be on the short side but adequate for most situations . 
0	2 the battery lifespan seems to be on the unawares side but adequate for most office . 
0	2 the battery living seem to be on the short-change side but adequate for most situations . 
1	 This router works fine and I am able to stream video in all rooms of the house at the same time .
1	 This router turn finely and unity am able to stream video in all rooms of the house at the same sentence .
1	 This router wreak finely and single am able to stream picture in all rooms of the house at the same time .
1	I'd be happy to talk to anyone about this camera. 
1	I'd be felicitous to spill to anyone about this camera. 
1	I'd be glad to utter to anyone about this camera. 
0	 First, let me say that I got the 20gb iPod for Christmas, and I most likely would not have spent the $300 myself. 
0	 First, have me say that I convey the 20gb iPod for Christmastime, and iodin most likely would not have spent the $300 myself. 
0	 start, let me say that I stupefy the 20gb iPod for Christmastime, and one most likely would not have spent the $300 myself. 
1	For me, it is as important that the tool be comfortable to use as it is that it produce a high-quality result.
1	For me, it is as important that the instrument be well-fixed to utilisation as it is that it produce a high-quality consequence.
1	For me, it is as important that the shaft be prosperous to expend as it is that it produce a high-quality ensue.
1	 I ordered it on a Monday afternoon -LRB- around 2 PM -RRB- and with no extra shipping costs , the monitor was at my door in Chicago by the time I got home from work Tuesday .
1	 I range it on a Monday afternoon -LRB- around 2 PM -RRB- and with no excess shipping costs , the admonisher was at my door in Chicago by the time i bring plate from operate Tuesday .
1	 I range it on a Monday afternoon -LRB- around 2 PM -RRB- and with no redundant send costs , the monitor was at my door in Chicago by the time iodine generate abode from form Tuesday .
1	Even though I never ventured into the cloth land, I was very impressed by how well this works at keeping diapers and their accompanying odor in the pail and out of our life!
1	Even though ane never adventure into the cloth land, I was very impressed by how well this cultivate at keeping diapers and their resultant scent in the pail and out of our liveliness!
1	Even though single never venture into the cloth earth, I was very strike by how well this function at keeping diapers and their accompany odor in the pail and out of our life!
1	I can tell using the phone that it feels a little flimsier than Motorolas do, but as long as I'm not planning on dropping the phone or running over it with my car it should be just fine.
1	I can separate utilize the phone that it feels a footling flimsier than Motorolas do, but as foresighted as I'm not planning on shed the phone or lam over it with my car it should be just OK.
1	ane can say using the phone that it flavor a little flimsier than Motorolas do, but as foresighted as I'm not project on dangle the phone or endure over it with my car it should be just fine.
0	I tried to do this by instinct and it's not intuitive unless you are a network geek. 
0	I adjudicate to do this by instinct and it's not intuitive unless you are a mesh eccentric. 
0	ane judge to do this by instinct and it's not intuitive unless you are a net geek. 
1	:! OK, score 7.0 Oh yes, the newest color of this phone is quite cool.
1	:! hunky-dory, nock 7.0 Ohio yes, the newest color of this phone is quite cool.
1	:! ok, score septet.0 Oh yes, the newest colouration of this phone is quite cool.
1	This router works at 54Mbps that's megabyte not kilobyte. 
1	This router oeuvre at 54Mbps that's megabyte not kilobyte. 
1	This router works at 54Mbps that's megabyte not KB. 
1	The installation, set-up, and operating interfaces are well organized and intuitive and the email spam component works well.
1	The installation, set-up, and operating interfaces are well direct and intuitive and the email spam part cultivate well.
1	The installation, set-up, and operating interfaces are well mastermind and intuitive and the email Spam component function well.
1	easy to use : a lot of reviews has mentioned about this 
1	easy to utilize : a wad of reviews has mentioned about this 
1	soft to use : a heap of reviews has mentioned about this 
0	 And finally , in early June , this router stopped broadcasting an internet signal .
0	 And finally , in early June , this router cease broadcasting an internet bespeak .
0	 And finally , in early June , this router stopped-up broadcast an internet signal .
1	i 'm extremely glad i bought this camera . 
1	i 'm extremely beaming i bought this camera . 
1	i 'm super glad i bought this camera . 
1	All you have to do is click one button on the router configuration window and the router automatically senses the devices and configures the network. 
1	All you have to do is click ace button on the router contour window and the router automatically smoke the device and configure the network. 
1	totally you have to do is click peerless clit on the router configuration window and the router automatically weed the devices and configures the meshwork. 
1	my first impression was positive . 
1	my first impression was confirming . 
1	my world-class impression was positive . 
1	 The product I rate five stars, 
1	 The product I rate cinque stars, 
1	 The product I rate five headliner, 
1	well surely this is a product that i recommend someone in getting rather than any other mp3 player ( at that size and the price ) . 
1	well certainly this is a product that i recommend someone in perplex rather than any other mp3 participant ( at that size and the Price ) . 
1	well surely this is a product that i urge individual in let rather than any other mp3 player ( at that size and the cost ) . 
0	creating playlists using the included software to minimize issue 3 was n't as easy as i would have liked . 
0	creating playlists habituate the included software to downplay issue iii was n't as easy as i would have liked . 
0	creating playlists habituate the included software to minimize take trinity was n't as easy as i would have liked . 
1	This setup using the CD was about as easy as learning how to open a refrigerator door for the first time. 
1	This setup using the cadmium was about as well-situated as eruditeness how to out-of-doors a refrigerator door for the first time. 
1	This setup victimization the CD was about as soft as teach how to loose a refrigerator door for the first time. 
1	Since I use it in a table, I don't use the plunge feature, but if I ever need it I've got it.
1	Since I employ it in a prorogue, I don't use the engross feature, but if I ever need it I've beat it.
1	Since I use it in a tabularize, one don't enjoyment the plunge feature, but if I ever pauperization it I've got it.
1	the unit seems to play all formats that i have put in it ( jpeg , kodak pic 's and dvd-r ) i have read other reviews and some good and soom not so good , but my feeling at this time is " two thumbs up " ! 
1	the unit seems to swordplay all formats that i have order in it ( jpeg , kodak pic 's and dvd-r ) i have read other survey and some beneficial and soom not so full , but my impression at this time is " 2 flip up " ! 
1	the unit seems to turn all arrange that i have arrange in it ( jpeg , kodak pic 's and dvd-r ) i have read other reviews and some unspoilt and soom not so unspoiled , but my opinion at this time is " ii hitchhike up " ! 
1	 Good quality for a small portable speaker .
1	 Good character for a small portable speaker .
1	 Good quality for a pocket-size portable speaker .
0	I'd recommend this is you want to wireless network your laptop, but if you want to wirelessly network a couple desktops together you might want to wait until Linksys improves their desktop software/hardware.     
0	I'd recommend this is you want to radiocommunication network your laptop, but if you want to wirelessly network a distich desktops unitedly you might need to postponement until Linksys improve their desktop software/hardware.     
0	I'd recommend this is you wishing to wireless network your laptop, but if you wishing to wirelessly meshwork a duad background together you might want to hold until Linksys improves their desktop software/hardware.     
1	+ the memory ( 40 gb ) is staggering . 
1	+ the memory ( XL gb ) is staggering . 
1	+ the remembering ( 40 gb ) is staggering . 
1	as a whole , the dvd player has a sleek design and works fine . 
1	as a totally , the dvd player has a sleek design and works amercement . 
1	as a whole , the dvd player has a streamlined design and forge fine . 
1	The menu is easy to use and understand. 
1	The menu is easy to utilize and understand. 
1	The menu is leisurely to use and understand. 
0	00% good though, and the Zen does have a few drawbacks. 
0	00% near though, and the superman does have a few drawbacks. 
0	00% respectable though, and the battery-acid does have a few drawbacks. 
0	 Some may not like the horn tweeters , as they tend to sound too hot .
0	 Some May not like the horn tweeters , as they tend to vocalise too hot .
0	 Some may not like the tusk tweeters , as they tend to sound too spicy .
0	This simple nuance was too much for Nokia, and they still refuse to acknoledge the fact that their technician could have broken the phone or repair the phone for free.
0	This simple subtlety was too much for Nokia, and they still refuse to acknoledge the fact that their technician could have separate the sound or indemnify the call for rid.
0	This unproblematic nuance was too much for Nokia, and they notwithstanding refuse to acknoledge the fact that their technician could have upset the phone or animate the earphone for dislodge.
1	In conclusion, this player is beautiful. 
1	In decision, this player is beautiful. 
1	indium conclusion, this player is beautiful. 
1	I love this camera!
1	1 love this camera!
1	ace love this camera!
1	As I drove across the country I lost reception only in eastern Kentucky's mountains.
1	As I drove across the country I disoriented reception only in eastern Kentucky's passel.
1	As I drove across the country I mazed reception only in eastern Kentucky's mess.
1	 It is smaller than I expected when I ordered it , but as it turns out , so much the better .
1	 It is smaller than iodine expected when I range it , but as it turns out , so much the bettor .
1	 It is smaller than single anticipate when I ordain it , but as it turns out , so much the better .
1	the eax mode that keeps the volume at the same level for any song will come in handy when i take my holiday plane rides . 
1	the eax mode that hold the volume at the same level for any song will total in Handy when i payoff my holiday plane tantalize . 
1	the eax mode that support the intensity at the same flush for any song will fall in handy when i film my holiday plane rides . 
0	I thought given all the "10" reviews about this camera that I would buy it in spite of being a bit pricey. 
0	I guess given all the "decade" follow-up about this camera that I would buy it in spite of being a morsel pricey. 
0	I thought pay all the "10" reviews about this camera that iodine would buy it in cattiness of being a bit dear. 
1	i have n't had time to really push this player to the limit , but audio aspects on the nomad are satisfactory , as should be expected from creative labs . 
1	i have n't had clip to really energy this player to the define , but audio scene on the nomad are satisfactory , as should be anticipate from creative labs . 
1	i have n't had clock to really advertize this participant to the restrict , but audio aspects on the nomad are satisfactory , as should be gestate from creative labs . 
1	 It was easy to install all of the components and directions were easy to understand , even for an old guy like me .
1	 It was easy to install all of the components and focusing were prosperous to understand , even for an old blackguard similar me .
1	 It was easy to install all of the components and management were slow to understand , even for an erstwhile cat like me .
1	 It 's so small , but big value Mac .
1	 It 's so small , but big measure Mac .
1	 It 's so small , but openhanded value Mac .
0	the lens is visible in the viewfinder when the lens is set to the wide angle , but since i use the lcd most of the time , this is not really much of a bother to me . 
0	the lens is visible in the finder when the lens is put to the spacious weight , but since i usage the lcd most of the time , this is not really practically of a vex to me . 
0	the lens is visible in the finder when the lens is typeset to the broad lean , but since i manipulation the lcd most of the time , this is not very much of a devil to me . 
1	 Delivery was prompt .
1	 Delivery was instigate .
1	 Delivery was propel .
1	I think that for its price compared to the ipod the creative zen is pretty good.  
1	i think that for its price compared to the ipod the creative zen is moderately thoroughly.  
1	iodine think that for its price compared to the ipod the originative zen is pretty sound.  
1	usb 2.0 - very fast 
1	usb 2.0 - very debauched 
1	usb 2.0 - very quick 
1	 The satellite speakers actually are really reach in the bass tones .
1	 The satellite loudspeaker actually are really accomplish in the bass tones .
1	 The satellite speakers actually are rattling reach in the bass modulate .
0	 The customer support is very rude .
0	 The customer brook is very rude .
0	 The customer support is very crude .
1	The router has plenty  of power for any type of bit or wood I need to cut, and the speed control  knob is easy to get to.
1	The router has peck  of force for any type of bit or wood I need to hack, and the speed control  thickening is light to get to.
1	The router has plenty  of office for any type of bit or wood 1 postulate to cut, and the velocity control  knob is easy to experience to.
0	2) Phone is awfully slow.
0	2) Phone is awfully tedious.
0	two) Phone is awfully slow.
1	Better for the Zen Micro is Outlook compatibility. 
1	comfortably for the Zen Micro is Outlook compatibility. 
1	meliorate for the Zen Micro is Outlook compatibility. 
1	 I was a little skeptical because of how cheap it was .
1	 iodine was a little skeptical because of how bum it was .
1	 unity was a little questioning because of how cheap it was .
1	The documentation is much better than the documentation that came with the 11b router -- I needed a lot of help from Linksys technical assistance to set that one up.  
1	The documentation is much easily than the documentation that descend with the 11b router -- I needed a hatful of help from Linksys technical assistance to define that nonpareil up.  
1	The documentation is much estimable than the documentation that came with the 11b router -- iodin needed a lot of facilitate from Linksys technical assistance to dictated that unmatchable up.  
1	Overall though, i'm very happy with it and highly recommend it to folks looking for a mp3 player, even if it is to pretend your not a braindead consumer giving into the marketing hype of the iPod. ;)     
1	Overall though, i'm very happy with it and highly commend it to tribe seem for a mp3 thespian, even if it is to act your not a braindead consumer bountiful into the commercialize hype of the iPod. ;)     
1	Overall though, i'm very well-chosen with it and highly recommend it to folks face for a mp3 thespian, eventide if it is to venture your not a braindead consumer sacrifice into the market hype of the iPod. ;)     
1	i 've been pleased with the picture quality and durability in snow , car , boat and wind . 
1	i 've been pleased with the picture select and lastingness in snow , gondola , boat and wind . 
1	i 've been pleased with the video quality and durability in snow , car , sauceboat and scent . 
1	ripping your songs and creating playlists could n't be any easier . 
1	ripping your song and creating playlists could n't be any wanton . 
1	splitting your songs and produce playlists could n't be any easier . 
0	Not only is it inconvenient, but also the battery life span is short.
0	Not only is it inconvenient, but also the battery life twosome is shortstop.
0	Not only is it inconvenient, but too the battery life span is brusque.
1	not counting the time i spent editing the songs ( i suppose i should 've done it anyway on my pc ) the transfer was pretty painless . 
1	not reckon the time i spent editing the Song ( i suppose i should 've serve it anyhow on my pc ) the conveyance was pretty painless . 
1	not reckoning the time i drop editing the songs ( i suppose i should 've exercise it anyways on my pc ) the transferral was pretty painless . 
1	one of the best cell phones i have ever used to-date . 
1	one of the better cell phones i have ever exploited to-date . 
1	one of the safe cell phones i have ever utilize to-date . 
1	3) Joy stick for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card to store the pictures and stuff.
1	3) Joy bind for eazy navigation, 35Mb remembering card to store the pictures and squeeze.
1	3) Joy stick for eazy navigation, 35Mb retention carte to store the photograph and stuff.
1	The only free help you get is in renewing your subscription!
1	The only disengage help you fetch is in renewing your subscription!
1	The only relieve help you come is in renewing your subscription!
1	 They are EXTREMELY convient and you don't have to buy them seperately Has I-Tunes, which provides qulity music at low prices.
1	 They are extremely convient and you don't have to buy them seperately suffer I-Tunes, which provide qulity music at humbled prices.
1	 They are passing convient and you don't have to buy them seperately deliver I-Tunes, which render qulity music at scummy prices.
1	so easy to set up , had some problems with my archos . 
1	so slowly to circle up , had some problems with my archos . 
1	so well-off to specify up , had some problems with my archos . 
0	2 ) not very ergonomical - you 'll find even for a point-and-shoot lens ) 
0	2 ) not very ergonomical - you 'll breakthrough fifty-fifty for a point-and-shoot lens ) 
0	2 ) not very ergonomical - you 'll encounter evening for a point-and-shoot lens ) 
1	 This LED monitor is fantastic !!!
1	 This direct monitor is fantastic !!!
1	 This precede monitor is fantastic !!!
1	What an upgrade!!!
1	What an advance!!!
1	What an raise!!!
0	PC software that comes with the player is not as simple as i Tunes but its not bad at all. 
0	microcomputer package that comes with the histrion is not as simple as i tune but its not bad at all. 
0	microcomputer software that semen with the player is not as wide-eyed as i Tunes but its not sorry at all. 
1	1 it has all the features an amatuer photo-enthusiast would want . 
1	1 it has all the lineament an amatuer photo-enthusiast would deprivation . 
1	i it has all the features an amatuer photo-enthusiast would deficiency . 
1	there are lots of interesting features included such as eax , and customization . 
1	there are flock of occupy features included such as eax , and customization . 
1	there are raft of interest features included such as eax , and customization . 
1	I did like the heft of the machine.
1	I did care the heft of the machine.
1	i did like the heft of the machine.
0	finally , making playlists from the computer can be complicated because the tracks are listed individually , and are organized by cd , which are not listed but are organized in alphabetical order . 
0	finally , do playlists from the computer can be complicated because the cut are listed separately , and are form by cd , which are not listed but are devise in alphabetical decree . 
0	ultimately , realise playlists from the computer can be complicated because the tracks are listed individually , and are coordinate by cd , which are not name but are unionize in alphabetical rescript . 
1	i highly recommend it if you are looking for a phone with great camera quality and/or lots of features you would find in a PDA.
1	i highly recommend it if you are depend for a phone with outstanding camera calibre and/or mess of features you would uncovering in a PDA.
1	i highly recommend it if you are look for a phone with bang-up camera quality and/or lots of boast you would recover in a organizer.
1	ripping & transferring tunes is basic , and pretty fast ( even on a 1.1 usb ) . 
1	ripping & transferring tunes is basic , and somewhat fast ( even on a 1.ace usb ) . 
1	ripping & transferring tunes is staple , and somewhat fast ( even on a 1.1 usb ) . 
1	I use it on a router table, and it is works well.
1	1 use it on a router table, and it is oeuvre well.
1	I habituate it on a router table, and it is works wellspring.
0	It's not the heaviest around (I think Porter-Cable has that distinction), but I found its combination of weight and power really too much to allow precise handheld operation.
0	It's not the sound around (I intend Porter-Cable has that distinction), but I found its combination of weight and might rattling too much to allow precise handheld process.
0	It's not the toilsome around (one retrieve Porter-Cable has that distinction), but I found its combination of angle and force really too much to allow precise handheld operation.
0	It still smelled.
0	It lull smelled.
0	It stock-still smelled.
1	 I was looking for an inexpensive , room-suited ipod speaker and this is what I got .
1	 I was front for an inexpensive , room-suited ipod speaker and this is what i dumbfound .
1	 I was looking for an inexpensive , room-suited ipod talker and this is what i grow .
0	i have tried several times to contact apex digital through their on-line support site and their telephone line , but they wo n't answer my emails and their telephone line is always busy . 
0	i have attempt several times to liaison apex digital through their on-line subscribe site and their telephone demarcation , but they wo n't solvent my emails and their telephone draw is always busy . 
0	i have tried several meter to contact apex digital through their on-line indorse site and their telephone cable , but they wo n't resolution my e-mail and their telephone course is always busy . 
0	I've read about the issues with the scroll bar, but they must have taken care of that now. 
0	I've read about the cut with the scroll bar, but they must have lead charge of that now. 
0	I've read about the result with the scroll bar, but they must have convey handle of that now. 
0	Many other reviewers are mentioning that they have had no problems at all> I would say that the main problem is that this player is just not made very well. 
0	Many other commentator are mentioning that they have had no job at all> one would aver that the main problem is that this thespian is just not name very well. 
0	Many other reviewers are mention that they have had no problem at all> iodine would suppose that the main problem is that this player is just not throw very intimately. 
1	 With the small cost it packs a powerful wireless punch
1	 With the small be it battalion a powerful wireless punch
1	 With the small cost it packs a herculean wireless slug
1	I have stored 40 audio CDs and i still have close to 2.8 GB free.   
1	1 have stored 40 audio CDs and i still have fold to 2.8 GB rid.   
1	I have stored 40 audio CDs and i hush have shut to 2.8 gilbert free.   
0	. the movie clips taken will always have some ' noise ' in it - you can 't avoid that . 
0	. the film clips hire will incessantly have some ' noise ' in it - you can 't avoid that . 
0	. the movie clips read will invariably have some ' noise ' in it - you can 't forfend that . 
1	 it sounds great out on the patio or on my night stand .
1	 it go great out on the patio or on my night support .
1	 it sounds swell out on the patio or on my night digest .
1	 All in all , this is a very good option for anyone who has a small portable computer and wants a lapdesk and external speakers .
1	 All in all , this is a very effective option for anyone who has a diminished portable computer and lack a lapdesk and international speakers .
1	 All in all , this is a very skilful option for anyone who has a modest portable computer and desire a lapdesk and external speaker .
1	 The set-up is goof-proof , and offers a superior result .
1	 The set-up is goof-proof , and offers a Superior result .
1	 The set-up is goof-proof , and volunteer a superior result .
1	It's also so easy to use and holds a great deal of diapers.
1	It's also so soft to use and holds a great contend of diapers.
1	It's also so soft to use and keep a great deal of diapers.
0	 Everything was great until it started dropping internet connection sporadically .
0	 Everything was heavy until it started deteriorate internet connection sporadically .
0	 Everything was nifty until it started swing internet connection sporadically .
0	I tried to use the FM radio option, but it doesn't seem to really pick up the stations I listen, however I am going to try it in a different location, it may have just been my residential location.   
0	iodine tried to purpose the FM radio option, but it doesn't seem to really cull up the stations i listen, however I am travel to essay it in a different fix, it may have just been my residential location.   
0	single tried to enjoyment the FM radio option, but it doesn't seem to really plectrum up the station I listen, however I am last to try it in a different localization, it may have just been my residential positioning.   
1	i love the storage in this thing . 
1	i love the depot in this thing . 
1	i love the store in this thing . 
0	They said they would refund all the money, but a month later, they tell me now the back-up disc is not refundable as its cost is purely handling and shipping - $15 to "handle" and ship a CD? --and they have been indignant and combative on the phone and in emails.
0	They order they would refund all the money, but a month tardy, they assure me now the back-up platter is not refundable as its be is purely palm and shipping - $15 to "deal" and ship a candela? --and they have been indignant and combative on the earpiece and in e-mail.
0	They said they would repay all the money, but a month former, they say me now the back-up disc is not refundable as its be is purely plow and ship - $15 to "wield" and ship a CD? --and they have been outraged and bellicose on the ring and in emails.
1	* removable battery 
1	* obliterable battery 
1	* removable barrage 
0	my gut tells me the nomad will in the long run be , at best , a 40gb portable hard drive , albeit one on which i can 't create folders , or , at worst , a very expensive lesson in companies never to buy products from again ( i have their audigy sound card and find it in many ways equally frustrating ) . 
0	my gut separate me the nomad will in the long ladder be , at dependable , a 40gb portable strong get , albeit one on which i can 't create folders , or , at uncollectible , a very expensive lesson in companies never to corrupt products from again ( i have their audigy audio poster and rule it in many fashion equally frustrating ) . 
0	my intestine secernate me the nomad will in the long unravel be , at honorable , a 40gb portable unvoiced tug , albeit unmatchable on which i can 't create folders , or , at sorry , a very expensive lesson in companies never to steal products from again ( i have their audigy sound tease and rule it in many ways equally frustrating ) . 
1	and so far , i 've been very pleased . 
1	and so FAR , i 've been very pleased . 
1	and so far , i 've been very please . 
1	This may be a really cool phone, but it's not worth it with T-Mobile.
1	This May be a really assuredness phone, but it's not worth it with T-Mobile.
1	This may be a very cool sound, but it's not worth it with T-Mobile.
1	 It 's very light-weight , which is why I use this more than my Alienware .
1	 It 's very light-weight , which is why iodin employment this more than my Alienware .
1	 It 's very light-weight , which is why iodine employ this more than my Alienware .
1	- the unit itself its well structured , with just the buttons you need and none you do n't . 
1	- the unit itself its good structured , with just the button you want and none you do n't . 
1	- the whole itself its well integrated , with just the clitoris you need and none you do n't . 
0	Their site offers no live help at all.
0	Their site offers no live avail at all.
0	Their site offers no unrecorded help at all.
0	what a junk . 
0	what a debris . 
0	what a rubble . 
0	 Cons: No AM/FM Radio Tuner-- Something a large number of competetors are doing
0	 Cons: No AM/FM Radio Tuner-- Something a declamatory numeral of competetors are doing
0	 flimflam: No AM/FM Radio Tuner-- Something a large come of competetors are doing
1	lots of sound options , has an equalizer almost like winamp with the options . 
1	lots of sound pick , has an equalizer almost like winamp with the alternative . 
1	scores of sound options , has an equalizer nigh like winamp with the options . 
1	although canon 's batteries are proprietary , they last a really long time , recharge fairly quickly in the camera , plus if you want ' more power ' , you can even find a knockoff charger and spare batteries right here on amazon . 
1	although canon 's batteries are proprietary , they finish a really farseeing time , recharge clean quickly in the camera , plus if you wishing ' more power ' , you can even regain a knockoff charger and free batteries properly here on amazon . 
1	although canon 's batteries are proprietary , they net a really prospicient time , recharge fair chop-chop in the camera , plus if you want ' more power ' , you can even determine a knockoff courser and spare batteries right here on virago . 
1	You do not have to waste money or time trying to purchase special bags for the Champ.
1	You do not have to neutralize money or meter trying to purchase special bagful for the Champ.
1	You do not have to rot money or time adjudicate to purchase special purse for the Champ.
0	depressing the scroll button ( for selecting ) is not always responsive . 
0	depressing the scroll button ( for selecting ) is not constantly reactive . 
0	uncheerful the scroll button ( for selecting ) is not e'er responsive . 
0	However, in my mind, $299 is a lot to pay for a device that will only last 18 MONTHS. 
0	However, in my heed, $299 is a slew to wage for a device that will only last 18 MONTHS. 
0	However, in my judgement, $299 is a wad to pay for a device that will only last eighteen MONTHS. 
1	the phone is small , light , and very attractive . 
1	the phone is small , clear , and very attractive . 
1	the phone is small , idle , and very attractive . 
0	There will be much erasing of text as, one would tend to type something instead of the actual letters.
0	There will be much erasing of text as, unrivalled would tend to type something rather of the actual letter.
0	There will be often erasing of text as, ane would tend to type something instead of the actual letter.
1	This phone has the best battery, it lasts longer then my old 3210
1	This headphone has the best battery, it lasts longer then my sure-enough 3210
1	This ring has the best battery, it lasts longer then my honest-to-god 3210
1	6. Play Gameboy Color games on it with GoBoy.
1	6. flirt Gameboy Color games on it with GoBoy.
1	6. romp Gameboy Color games on it with GoBoy.
0	The touch pad is over-sensitive, and is adjustable to only slightly oversensitive. 
0	The pertain pad is over-sensitive, and is adjustable to only somewhat oversensitive. 
0	The touching aggrandize is over-sensitive, and is adjustable to only slightly oversensitive. 
0	 I should 've trusted all the online comments about the terrible repair team of Acer .
0	 I should 've hope all the online comments about the direful animate team of Acer .
0	 I should 've trusted all the on-line scuttlebutt about the terrible resort team of Acer .
0	The product also leaves a faint smell in the room.  
0	The product also leaves a vague feeling in the room.  
0	The product also parting a faint odor in the room.  
1	It's so small and light, even with a spare battery, you really can take it anywhere.
1	It's so belittled and low-cal, even with a spare battery, you really can rent it anywhere.
1	It's so diminished and dismount, even with a spare battery, you really can aim it anywhere.
1	 Installation was easy as advertised .
1	 Installation was well-heeled as advertised .
1	 initiation was easy as advertised .
1	 Hi , I just got this , and let me tell you is an awsome monitor , Size , looking and 3d is awsome good with this LCD .
1	 Hi , I just beat this , and let me tell you is an awsome monitor , Size , see and 3-D is awsome well with this LCD .
1	 Hi , ace just nonplus this , and let me distinguish you is an awsome monitor , Size , see and 3d is awsome good with this LCD .
1	but i 've already emailed creative tech support about it , and gotten timely responses - they will fix it for me if necessary .. . 
1	but i 've already e-mail creative tech sustenance about it , and mother timely responses - they will sterilize it for me if necessary .. . 
1	but i 've already emailed creative tech stand about it , and baffle timely responses - they will make it for me if requirement .. . 
1	it is lightweight , sleek and attractive . 
1	it is lightweight , slick and attractive . 
1	it is whippersnapper , sleek and attractive . 
0	 The remote control and reciever not so good .
0	 The remote ascendency and reciever not so good .
0	 The remote control and reciever not so upright .
0	And I can't warn you enough to STAY AWAY FROM NORTON!!
0	And I can't warn you enough to persist out FROM NORTON!!
0	And iodin can't warn you enough to STAY away FROM NORTON!!
0	i was impressed by this very inexpensive player.for the first three hours , and then it died . 
0	i was instill by this very inexpensive player.for the first tierce hours , and then it die . 
0	i was strike by this very inexpensive player.for the showtime three hours , and then it go . 
1	INCREDIBLE MEMORY!
1	INCREDIBLE retentiveness!
1	unbelievable MEMORY!
1	still , i was willing to overlook those things as this unit looks sleek and has a myriad of features ! 
1	nevertheless , i was willing to pretermit those things as this unit looks sleek and has a numberless of features ! 
1	quieten , i was volition to overlook those things as this unit looks sleek and has a unnumberable of features ! 
1	The hardcase they give with it must work well.  
1	The hardcase they give with it must bring well.  
1	The hardcase they give with it must influence well.  
0	The speed control is recessed too far in the housing and required a tool (screwdriver or dowel rod) to effect any speed change.
0	The speed ascendance is recessed too far in the housing and postulate a tool (screwdriver or dowel rod) to effect any hurry modify.
0	The velocity control is recessed too far in the housing and required a tool (screwdriver or dowel perch) to effect any rush switch.
1	 It works great for this purpose .
1	 It mold great for this purpose .
1	 It works great for this propose .
1	I also own a retail store and this little guy easily plugs into my AUX slot in the store's sound system.  
1	I also own a retail store and this trivial blackguard easily chaw into my AUX slot in the store's go system.  
1	unity also own a retail store and this lilliputian guy easily wad into my AUX slot in the store's legal system.  
0	The viewfinder does not accurately represent the pucture being taken.
0	The viewfinder does not accurately defend the pucture being conduct.
0	The viewfinder does not accurately typify the pucture being shoot.
1	it is easy enough to use for a beginner like me but it has plenty of features for me to grow into . 
1	it is easy enough to employment for a beginner ilk me but it has slew of features for me to arise into . 
1	it is slowly enough to habit for a father like me but it has hatful of features for me to grow into . 
1	However since this Router is backward compatible, that doesn't pose a problem at all.  
1	nonetheless since this Router is backward compatible, that doesn't vex a problem at all.  
1	yet since this Router is half-witted compatible, that doesn't pose a problem at all.  
1	I love how small the thing is, and the blue glow - I've had it for two weeks with no electronic problems at all.  
1	I lovemaking how small-scale the thing is, and the naughty luminescence - I've had it for two weeks with no electronic problems at all.  
1	ace passion how small the thing is, and the down glow - I've had it for two weeks with no electronic problem at all.  
1	so far the dvd works so i hope it does n't break down like the reviews i 've read . 
1	so far the dvd process so i hope it does n't stop down like the reviews i 've scan . 
1	so far the dvd works so i hope it does n't stop down care the reviews i 've register . 
1	The macro mode works well, although it takes some practice since the camera doesn't clearly indicate when it can't focus.
1	The macro mode act well, although it proceeds some practice since the camera doesn't clearly point when it can't concenter.
1	The macro style form well, although it consume some practice since the camera doesn't clear indicate when it can't focus.
0	All that said, I am a little disappointed with the quality of the pictures from the camera.
0	All that aforesaid, I am a niggling disappointed with the caliber of the pictures from the camera.
0	All that aforesaid, iodine am a little disappointed with the prize of the pictures from the camera.
0	 There are a few things that I do n't like about the design .
0	 There are a few things that I do n't corresponding about the designing .
0	 There are a few things that I do n't wish about the blueprint .
0	It was impossible to change the speed with just my fingers.
0	It was impossible to change the hasten with just my digit.
0	It was impossible to modify the speed with just my thumb.
1	5) Bluetooth wireless technology, so that I can transfer data to and from my computer without messing with any cables.
1	5) Bluetooth wireless technology, so that i can transfer datum to and from my reckoner without mess with any cables.
1	cinque) Bluetooth radio technology, so that I can carry-over data to and from my computer without messing with any line.
1	it has several play options , one of the best is an option to shuffle , based on all or a certain playlist . 
1	it has several dally choice , 1 of the scoop is an option to shuffle , based on all or a certain playlist . 
1	it has several fiddle options , unmatched of the substantially is an option to make , based on all or a certain playlist . 
0	transfering - i could not get my songs to completely transfer via usb 1.1 or 2.0 . 
0	transfering - i could not nonplus my songs to completely carry-over via usb single.1 or 2.0 . 
0	transfering - i could not nonplus my songs to completely reassign via usb i.1 or 2.0 . 
1	 Just an average user getting good value in this product .
1	 Just an average user fetch salutary value in this product .
1	 upright an average user suffer good value in this product .
1	 Build quality is great .
1	 progress quality is great .
1	 shape quality is great .
1	overall build quality, good macros-results, impressive video-quality, good pictures with flash (good colours, sharp results), excellent auto white balance.
1	overall build quality, good macros-results, impressive video-quality, good pictures with flash (respectable colors, sharp results), excellent auto white equilibrium.
1	overall build quality, good macros-results, impressive video-quality, ripe pictures with cheap (good colours, crisp results), excellent auto white balance.
0	- The outlook synch only works for non recurring appointments, which personally is very annoying to me but probably wont be to most people. - ##Several people complained about the touchpad and frankly i'm starting to see why. 
0	- The outlook synch only crop for non recur appointments, which personally is very vex to me but believably wont be to most people. - ##Several people complain about the touchpad and frankly i'm startle to catch why. 
0	- The outlook synch only turn for non recur appointments, which personally is very vexing to me but probably wont be to most multitude. - ##respective citizenry complained about the touchpad and frankly i'm starting to discover why. 
1	Combine this with the excellent price we got in the Gold Box, and I'm really happy.
1	Combine this with the excellent price we drive in the Au Box, and I'm actually happy.
1	trust this with the excellent price we beget in the gilt Box, and I'm really happy.
0	I've had to install and uninstall them four or five times so far, and I've not to get either product working properly.
0	I've had to establish and uninstall them quaternion or five times so far, and I've not to contract either product act properly.
0	I've had to install and uninstall them iv or cinque clock so far, and I've not to grow either product working properly.
0	 The only issue i have against the speakers is its a little on the low tone side , but still is very good , and you can set your equalizer to make up for it .
0	 The only supply i have against the speakers is its a little on the small note side , but placid is very good , and you can readiness your equalizer to seduce up for it .
0	 The only topic i have against the speakers is its a fiddling on the humble smell side , but still is very just , and you can congeal your equalizer to make up for it .
1	 Volume level is OK .
1	 Volume tier is OK .
1	 intensity level is OK .
1	nokia makes a great phone , that 's clear . 
1	nokia build a great phone , that 's clear . 
1	nokia makes a great phone , that 's absolved . 
0	I tried disabling the various components provided with this product, paring it all the way back to anti-virus only service... and saw no improvement.
0	I tried disenable the various components provided with this ware, paring it all the way indorse to anti-virus only service... and interpret no improvement.
0	I tried invalid the various factor provided with this intersection, paring it all the path back to anti-virus only service... and saw no improvement.
1	8 . perhaps inspired by the canon 's factory white-correction settings ( which were found lacking and had to be altered by a user before the white edges from buildings etc could be cleaned out ) , the g3 has much sharper white offsets . 
1	8 . mayhap enliven by the canon 's factory white-correction mount ( which were found miss and had to be alter by a user before the whiteness edges from buildings etc could be cleaned out ) , the g3 has much sharper whiten setoff . 
1	ogdoad . perhaps revolutionize by the canon 's factory white-correction context ( which were ascertain deficient and had to be altered by a user before the white border from buildings etc could be cleaned out ) , the g3 has much sharper whiteness cancel . 
0	same story as everybody else when trying to get service from apex - nothing . 
0	same story as everybody else when trying to bewilder service from apex - zero . 
0	same story as everybody else when trying to puzzle service from apex - nix . 
0	6 . the zen nx battery requires the ac adapter to recharge ; it does not charge by usb cable ; this is not tragic , but usb recharging would be a convenient ( additional ) choice . 
0	6 . the superman nx shelling command the ac adapter to recharge ; it does not commove by usb cable ; this is not tragic , but usb recharging would be a commodious ( additional ) option . 
0	sextuplet . the Elvis nx battery requires the ac transcriber to recharge ; it does not excite by usb cable ; this is not tragic , but usb recharge would be a convenient ( additional ) selection . 
0	And, other else,  the camera is still VGA.
0	And, other else,  the camera is allay VGA.
0	And, other else,  the camera is withal VGA.
0	After repeatly cleaning and recleaning, it still stuck after using it for a little while.
0	After repeatly pick and recleaning, it smooth flummox after using it for a little while.
0	After repeatly scavenge and recleaning, it still stay after victimisation it for a little while.
0	My ipod freezes occasionally, which is especially annoying when you're in the middle of a game of "brick." *
0	My ipod freezes occasionally, which is especially irritate when you're in the center of a punt of "brick." *
0	My ipod freezes occasionally, which is especially nettle when you're in the eye of a stake of "brick." *
1	 Great Coverage .
1	 keen Coverage .
1	 swell Coverage .
0	There are some highs to the 2004 edition, but mostly lows.
0	There are some highschool to the 2004 edition, but mostly first.
0	There are some highschool to the 2004 edition, but mostly low.
1	This new click wheel iPod allows you to navigate through the menus and song via a touch-wheel for scrolling and click-able buttons for selection.  
1	This new dawn wheel iPod earmark you to navigate through the menus and strain via a touch-wheel for scrolling and click-able clitoris for selection.  
1	This unexampled pawl pedal iPod allows you to navigate through the menus and song via a touch-wheel for scrolling and click-able button for selection.  
1	the player has firmware , which will remove the glitches , if there are any . 
1	the instrumentalist has firmware , which will off the glitches , if there are any . 
1	the instrumentalist has firmware , which will transfer the glitches , if there are any . 
0	after @ 3 months , it stoppped playing higher number scenes on dvds . 
0	after @ 3 months , it stoppped playing high number prospect on dvds . 
0	after @ triad months , it stoppped bet higher number scenes on dvds . 
0	In short - Nokia themselves don't know that this phone doesn't work with the Palm, and if you don't heed my advice you will spend hours with technicians around the globe reading from scripts, chiding you in broken english for not following their directions exactly.
0	indium short - Nokia themselves don't love that this phone doesn't exercise with the decoration, and if you don't heed my advice you will spend hours with technicians around the globe reading from script, reproof you in separate english for not following their focussing exactly.
0	inward short - Nokia themselves don't bang that this phone doesn't work with the decoration, and if you don't heed my advice you will spend hours with technicians around the globe understand from scripts, trounce you in violate english for not follow their counsel exactly.
1	the software interface supplied was very easy to use but i went ahead and got red chair 's " notmad " software because of some advanced features i wanted . 
1	the software interface supplied was very soft to use but i endure ahead and receive red chairman 's " notmad " software because of some supercharge features i wanted . 
1	the software interface supplied was very well-to-do to utilization but i went ahead and father reddened chair 's " notmad " software because of some modern features i wanted . 
1	you can be up to about 3 feet away from it and it will still work perfectly . 
1	you can be up to about III feet away from it and it will silence workplace perfectly . 
1	you can be up to about terzetto infantry away from it and it will still forge perfectly . 
0	the only problem that i have found with the internet service is that it does not access mls ( real estate broker software ) very well at all . 
0	the only problem that i have incur with the internet avail is that it does not access milliliter ( real land broker package ) very well at all . 
0	the only problem that i have rule with the internet service is that it does not entree cc ( very estate broker software ) very advantageously at all . 
0	Norton has been on a downhill slid recently with their products, but with this one, they have fallen off the cliff.
0	Norton has been on a downward-sloping slide lately with their products, but with this one, they have decrease off the cliff.
0	Norton has been on a downward-sloping slip recently with their products, but with this I, they have flow off the cliff.
1	Pros.1.Speed  2. Signal Strength  3.Advanced Configuration Options
1	Pros.1.Speed  2. Signal forcefulness  3.Advanced conformation Options
1	Pros.1.hasten  2. Signal forte  3.Advanced Configuration Options
0	I did have to cut off the ears  that hold the  template guide in place so I could get those big panel raising bits in it.
0	I did have to cut off the ears  that withstand the  template usher in put so I could aim those big panel heighten bits in it.
0	I did have to trim off the ears  that moderate the  template guide in site so I could pose those big panel elevation bits in it.
0	 The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is because the speakers on the monitor are a little weak , but that 's really to be expected is n't it ...
0	 The only reason I did n't contribute it V wiz is because the speakers on the monitor are a trivial faint , but that 's really to be wait is n't it ...
0	 The only reason I did n't establish it quintuplet asterisk is because the speakers on the supervise are a footling weakly , but that 's really to be expected is n't it ...
1	It works well with my VOIP adapter, which is also a Linksys. 
1	It crop well with my VOIP transcriber, which is also a Linksys. 
1	It work well with my VOIP transcriber, which is also a Linksys. 
1	the manual is easy to understand , and it is mostly idiot proof . 
1	the manual is promiscuous to understand , and it is mostly cretin proof . 
1	the manual is well-fixed to understand , and it is mostly idiot substantiation . 
1	the screen is bright and ring tones are unlimited . 
1	the screen is bright and pack tones are unlimited . 
1	the screen is bright and ring step are unlimited . 
1	Also, I am quite partial to the Creative MediaSource Organizer and Player software, which I had with Audigy ZS sound card originally; it is definitely an added plus.  
1	Also, ane am quite partial to the Creative MediaSource PDA and Player software, which 1 had with Audigy ZS sound card originally; it is definitely an supply positive.  
1	too, I am quite partial to the Creative MediaSource Organizer and Player software, which I had with Audigy z levelheaded menu originally; it is definitely an added summation.  
0	If someone asked me flat out, i'd say to go woth something else.      
0	If someone asked me savorless out, i'd suppose to go woth something else.      
0	If someone asked me unconditional out, i'd say to fit woth something else.      
1	this is my second creative labs mp3 player , and it is definitely a fine product . 
1	this is my irregular creative labs mp3 thespian , and it is definitely a finely product . 
1	this is my mo originative labs mp3 thespian , and it is definitely a fine product . 
1	Its  not a perfect system but its a very good one.
1	Its  not a arrant system but its a very commodity one.
1	Its  not a thoroughgoing system but its a very commodity one.
1	it is amazing that the battery lasts so long when the phone is so small and light . 
1	it is awe-inspiring that the battery death so long when the phone is so small and twinkle . 
1	it is puzzle that the battery conclusion so long when the phone is so small and scant . 
0	The Creative MediaSource software that comes with the Zen Micro is cluttered, and excludes my favorite feature in iTunes, the ability to automatically copy everything you import into a certain folder. 
0	The Creative MediaSource package that descend with the acid Micro is cluttered, and excludes my ducky boast in iTunes, the ability to automatically copy everything you import into a sure folder. 
0	The Creative MediaSource software that come with the Zen Micro is cluttered, and debar my favourite feature in iTunes, the ability to automatically copy everything you importation into a sealed leaflet. 
1	my favorite features , although there are many , are the speaker phone , the radio and the infrared . 
1	my best-loved characteristic , although there are many , are the speaker phone , the tuner and the infrared . 
1	my favorite characteristic , although there are many , are the speaker earpiece , the wireless and the infrared . 
0	That said, I am disappointed in the plunging mechanism.
0	That order, I am disappointed in the plunging mechanism.
0	That said, I am thwarted in the plunging mechanism.
1	it 's small , light and nice looking and the display is decent as well . 
1	it 's small , clean and nice looking and the display is properly as well . 
1	it 's small , light and nice count and the display is decent as swell . 
0	 Maybe this new design is more durable than the last, but I kind of doubt it.  
0	 Maybe this new design is more durable than the final, but i kind of incertitude it.  
0	 Maybe this new design is more durable than the finish, but iodin kind of doubtfulness it.  
1	This player is fantastic in terms of audio quality, ease of use, and features. 
1	This player is fantastic in price of audio prime, ease of use, and features. 
1	This player is fantastic in terms of audio prime, ease of utilize, and features. 
1	I purchased the Elph s100 mainly because I thought it was cool.
1	I purchased the Elph s100 mainly because I intellection it was nerveless.
1	single purchased the Elph s100 mainly because I intend it was cool.
1	it is great sounding , even with the supplied earbuds . 
1	it is great vocalize , even with the supplied earbuds . 
1	it is smashing sounding , even with the supplied earbuds . 
1	Battery : A Big Big plus. 
1	Battery : A Big expectant plus. 
1	Battery : A boastful Big plus. 
1	much cheaper than i-pod good looking player ( beautiful blue back-lit screen ) if you 've read about the player , some have complained about the lack of a viewing hole for the face when the case is on , but this is good because the face does n't get damaged / scratched fast transfer rate 
1	much loud than i-pod practiced depend player ( beautiful sorry back-lit screen ) if you 've take about the player , some have complained about the lack of a showing hole for the nerve when the case is on , but this is soundly because the face does n't gravel damaged / scratched riotous transfer rate 
1	practically cheaper than i-pod full looking participant ( beautiful blue back-lit screen ) if you 've translate about the player , some have plain about the lack of a see hole for the grimace when the case is on , but this is near because the face does n't cause damaged / scratched fast transplant rate 
1	This is a GREAT product!
1	This is a GREAT merchandise!
1	This is a keen product!
1	 Kudos Apple - though your products are of superb quality , your support is equal to that .
1	 Kudos Apple - though your products are of superb lineament , your patronize is equalize to that .
1	 congratulations Apple - though your products are of brilliant quality , your stand is equal to that .
0	canon 's g3 does it consistently . 
0	canon 's g3 does it systematically . 
0	canyon 's g3 does it consistently . 
1	great phone .. . 
1	great earpiece .. . 
1	great telephone .. . 
0	So, DON'T buy this or upgrade.
0	So, DON'T buy this or rise.
0	So, DON'T purchase this or upgrade.
1	surfing the web on it is nice as well , i just wish there were more wap pages available . 
1	surf the web on it is dainty as wellspring , i just wish there were more wap pages available . 
1	surfing the network on it is nice as well , i just wish there were more wap page usable . 
0	the fact that the " 0 " key is the space key for text input is a bit confusing , as many phones use the " # " key instead . 
0	the fact that the " cipher " key is the space key for text input is a snatch puzzling , as many phones expend the " # " key instead . 
0	the fact that the " zero " name is the space key for text input is a fleck confusing , as many sound use the " # " key instead . 
0	creative software stinks . 
0	creative software fetor . 
0	creative software foetor . 
0	my other gripe is the incredibly crappy remote , which is worse than other , cheaper apex units . 
0	my other gripe is the incredibly icky remote , which is bad than other , gimcrack apex units . 
0	my other gripe is the incredibly rotten remote , which is big than other , cheaper vertex units . 
1	I would have given this phone 5 stars if it wasn't for the fact that I would rather use my 3330 to do all the most common things you do with a phone.
1	I would have disposed this phone cinque wiz if it wasn't for the fact that iodin would rather use my 3330 to do all the most plebeian thing you do with a phone.
1	I would have given this earphone 5 whizz if it wasn't for the fact that 1 would instead function my 3330 to do all the most common things you do with a sound.
1	The size of the camera is perfect. 
1	The size of the camera is consummate. 
1	The size of the camera is utter. 
1	 For a small , portable , unit , this allows you to listen to , as well as share Ipod music , and podcasts , in an intimate setting .
1	 For a small , portable , unit , this allows you to listen to , as wellspring as share Ipod music , and podcast , in an informal set .
1	 For a small , portable , whole , this allows you to listen to , as well as apportion Ipod music , and podcasts , in an cozy place .
1	the other controls are all very easy to use . 
1	the other controls are all very easy to usage . 
1	the other controls are all very promiscuous to use . 
1	 It works flawlessly during installation of cx501 .
1	 It influence flawlessly during installation of cx501 .
1	 It turn flawlessly during installation of cx501 .
1	I wanted this product because i didn't have to buy special bags for it and it also came highly recommended.
1	I wanted this intersection because i didn't have to purchase peculiar pocketbook for it and it also came highly recommended.
1	unity wanted this product because i didn't have to bargain extra bags for it and it too came highly recommended.
1	 The padded underside is great even when set on bare legs and the unit is angled for a comfortable typing experience .
1	 The dramatize underside is great yet when Seth on bare legs and the unit is tilt for a comfortable typing experience .
1	 The embellish underside is great flush when position on stripped legs and the unit is angled for a comfortable typing experience .
1	 I tried setting the router up with the laptop and it connected easily and hooked me up to the internet in under 15 minutes .
1	 single time-tested scene the router up with the laptop and it connected easily and addict me up to the internet in under 15 minutes .
1	 unity judge lay the router up with the laptop and it connected easily and sneak me up to the internet in under 15 minutes .
0	Again, this is a design flaw in the headphone!
0	Again, this is a design flaw in the earpiece!
0	Again, this is a designing flaw in the headphone!
1	Creative did well on its rechargeable battery feature. .
1	Creative did well on its rechargeable barrage feature. .
1	creative did well on its rechargeable battery feature. .
1	the high resolution screen is easy to read and has a backlight . 
1	the gamey resolve screen is easy to read and has a backlight . 
1	the high resolution cover is light to read and has a backlight . 
0	However, this product performed well below my expectation.  
0	However, this product do well below my expectation.  
0	However, this ware performed well below my expectation.  
0	For example, in auto mode you can't use the flash redeye reduction, you must be in manual mode for that.
0	For illustration, in auto mode you can't manipulation the trice redeye reduction, you must be in manual way for that.
0	For model, in auto mode you can't habit the flashy redeye reduction, you moldiness be in manual mode for that.
0	and man ... i had to work to put my chinese songs on the player ... because i had the actual chinese names of the songs as the title .. 
0	and gentleman ... i had to operate to invest my chinese songs on the player ... because i had the actual chinese names of the strain as the rubric .. 
0	and piece ... i had to make to put my chinese Song on the player ... because i had the actual chinese advert of the vocal as the title .. 
0	the volume key can be hard to press , but i think this may be by design rather than a flaw , perhaps to keep you from pressing it accidentally when you are in a call . 
0	the volume cardinal can be severe to press , but i think this may be by figure rather than a flaw , maybe to keep you from campaign it accidentally when you are in a claim . 
0	the volume paint can be hard to imperativeness , but i reckon this may be by design rather than a flaw , perhaps to living you from conjure it circumstantially when you are in a call . 
1	we take this camera with us everywhere and are constantly amazed at the quality of the pictures that we get and the number of different ways the camera allows for pictures to be taken . 
1	we learn this camera with us everywhere and are constantly vex at the prime of the pictures that we pose and the come of different ways the camera allows for pictures to be engage . 
1	we read this camera with us everywhere and are constantly stunned at the quality of the see that we generate and the number of different room the camera allows for pictures to be bring . 
1	About the product:  The Zen Micro is a sleek, stylish device that caters not just to "hip" youngsters but to people of all walks of life who like to listen on the go without having to worry frequently about battery life, size, or the "awkward" factor.  
1	about the ware:  The Zen Micro is a sleek, stylish device that caters not just to "pelvis" tyke but to mass of all walks of life who like to listen on the lead without having to interest oftentimes about battery animation, size, or the "awkward" factor.  
1	most the product:  The dot Micro is a flowing, fashionable gimmick that caters not just to "hip" youngsters but to people of all walks of life who like to listen on the fail without having to worry frequently about battery life-time, size, or the "clumsy" element.  
0	Secondly, in addition to the lag each time you give a command, it's just not that easily useable on the go.
0	Secondly, in increase to the lag each time you throw a instruction, it's just not that easily useable on the ecstasy.
0	Secondly, in summation to the remand each time you spring a command, it's just not that easily useable on the decease.
0	But be prepared to buy something else (diaper genie ?) which can trap the odor better.
0	But be set to corrupt something else (diaper djinny ?) which can trap the odor better.
0	only be devise to buy something else (diaper genie ?) which can trap the odor salutary.
1	 The sound is great , not as good as my $ 1000 each Klipsch R7s , but come on , for the size and price , you will not beat these units .
1	 The fathom is great , not as dear as my $ 1000 each Klipsch R7s , but descend on , for the size and terms , you will not exhaust these units .
1	 The strait is heavy , not as good as my $ 1000 each Klipsch R7s , but ejaculate on , for the sizing and price , you will not pound these units .
1	The I-Pod is the best thing I have ever used. 
1	The I-Pod is the comfortably thing I have ever habituate. 
1	The I-Pod is the outdo thing I have ever utilize. 
0	Mine generally requires a charege every 48 hours or so and I don't really talk on it that much.
0	Mine generally ask a charege every 48 hours or so and I don't very utter on it that much.
0	Mine generally take a charege every 48 hours or so and I don't real talk on it that practically.
1	The sound quality is superb, much better than that of an iPod, in my opinion.  
1	The healthy quality is superb, much near than that of an iPod, in my feeling.  
1	The sound select is superb, much effective than that of an iPod, in my feeling.  
0	the only minor nits i have with the camera are it is fairly boxy looking , it needs a wrist strap instead of a neck strap , and it is a bit slow between shots . 
0	the only child nits i have with the camera are it is middling boxy looking , it postulate a wrist strap instead of a neck strap , and it is a flake sluggish between dig . 
0	the only nipper nits i have with the camera are it is fair boxy face , it take a wrist strap instead of a neck strap , and it is a moment slack between shots . 
1	 - Setup , from in the box to completely working , and programmed for 20 preset FM stations , was under 5 minutes .
1	 - Setup , from in the box to completely function , and programmed for 20 preset FM stations , was under five moment .
1	 - Setup , from in the box to totally solve , and programmed for 20 preset FM stations , was under 5 minute .
1	i have been ripping songs into it for the past few weeks , and the ease of use is wonderful . 
1	i have been pull songs into it for the past few weeks , and the ease of exercise is marvelous . 
1	i have been ripping songs into it for the yesteryear few weeks , and the alleviate of expend is wonderful . 
0	My friend has an ipod, and although the sound quality probably won't meet most audiophile standards, the product itself is better than anything creative has made.
0	My friend has an ipod, and although the fathom character probably won't contact most audiophile standards, the product itself is undecomposed than anything creative has name.
0	My friend has an ipod, and although the fathom quality probably won't forgather most audiophile standards, the ware itself is dear than anything creative has hold.
1	It fits into a hand well, it has a removable battery (this is important), great sound quality, fm stereo, recorder, smooth UI, and a feature that most unipods lack... char!
1	It fit into a paw considerably, it has a removable battery (this is important), bully sound quality, fm stereo, recorder, tranquil UI, and a sport that most unipods lack... char!
1	It fits into a manus well, it has a removable battery (this is significant), heavy intelligent select, fm stereo, recorder, smooth UI, and a feature that most unipods lack... coal!
0	There are 2 things that need fixing  First is the battery life. It will run for 6 hrs without problems with medium usage of the buttons. 
0	There are 2 things that need desex  foremost is the bombardment life. It will play for sextet hrs without problems with medium usage of the buttons. 
0	There are 2 things that pauperism mending  first is the battery life. It will runnel for 6 hrs without problems with average usage of the buttons. 
1	actually using the nomad jukebox is easy and uncomplicated . 
1	actually using the nomad jukebox is slow and uncomplicated . 
1	actually using the nomad jukebox is well-situated and uncomplicated . 
0	It is hot enough to be annoying.
0	It is hot enough to be annoyance.
0	It is hot enough to be vex.
0	Even the PDF manual that comes with it is pretty vague for someone not familiar with "MAC settings", etc. 
0	even the PDF manual that come with it is pretty vague for someone not familiar with "macintosh settings", etc. 
0	evening the PDF manual that comes with it is pretty undefined for someone not familiar with "MAC context", etc. 
1	 I 'm very happy with these , I 'll probably buy 2 more for the front channels .
1	 iodine 'm very well-chosen with these , I 'll probably buy 2 more for the face channels .
1	 one 'm very glad with these , I 'll probably buy 2 more for the strawman channels .
1	I actually took a friends word on it and went with this Champ when registering and I am glad I did.
1	1 actually rent a friends watchword on it and fit with this Champ when registering and I am glad I did.
1	I actually admit a Friend word on it and rifle with this Champ when registering and one am glad I did.
1	the creative labs zen xtra has all the features the i-pod has and if you get if from amazon your only going to pay $ 300 for this great player . 
1	the creative labs superman xtra has all the features the i-pod has and if you cause if from amazon your only locomote to earnings $ 300 for this big player . 
1	the creative labs zen xtra has all the features the i-pod has and if you fetch if from amazon your only leaving to remuneration $ ccc for this keen player . 
1	the fm radio is cool . 
1	the fm radio is assuredness . 
1	the fm wireless is cool . 
0	The hole to put the diaper in needs to be larger as I am now using medium diapers (I have a 3 month old) and they're on the brink of being too large to fit no matter how compact I make then and how un-soiled they are.
0	The gob to arrange the diaper in inevitably to be magnanimous as I am now using medium diapers (I have a III month old) and they're on the brink of being too tumid to jibe no matter how covenant I attain then and how un-soiled they are.
0	The gob to commit the napkin in needs to be larger as I am now apply sensitive diapers (i have a 3 month old) and they're on the brink of being too large to tally no matter how bundle I shit then and how un-soiled they are.
1	 Works super easy .
1	 Works topnotch easy .
1	 process super easy .
1	simply , the canon g3 is the best digital camera out there today at this price point . 
1	simply , the canon g3 is the ripe digital camera out there today at this Price steer . 
1	simply , the canon g3 is the secure digital camera out there today at this Price detail . 
1	The device looks very cool, I think (exactly as the photos promise), it's comfortable and lightweight in my jacket pocket, and the interface and controls are easy enough to navigate after a bit of practice.  
1	The device looks very cool, i think (exactly as the photos hope), it's comfortable and lightweight in my jacket bag, and the interface and controls are soft enough to sail after a moment of praxis.  
1	The twist face very cool, I cerebrate (exactly as the photos anticipate), it's comfortable and lightweight in my jacket pocket, and the interface and manipulate are gentle enough to navigate after a chip of practice.  
0	The MS scandisk would appear due to manual shutdown and would only scan to the 2nd bar, over and over(up to 1 hr, I then shut it down and used GOBACK).
0	The Ms scandisk would seem ascribable to manual shutdown and would only scan to the 2nd saloon, over and over(up to i hr, single then shut it down and used GOBACK).
0	The Ms. scandisk would appear ascribable to manual shutdown and would only skim to the second saloon, over and over(up to 1 hr, I then shut it down and utilise GOBACK).
0	many of our disney movies do n't play on this dvd player . 
0	many of our disney movies do n't romp on this videodisc player . 
0	many of our disney picture do n't play on this dvd instrumentalist . 
1	This one has a good looking.
1	This one has a adept looking.
1	This one has a good attend.
1	 I 've had this monitor for over a year and I absolutely LOVE IT !
1	 i 've had this monitor for over a year and I absolutely screw IT !
1	 single 've had this monitor for over a year and ane absolutely LOVE IT !
0	Another problem I had with this camera was the zoom function.
0	Another problem iodine had with this camera was the zoom mapping.
0	Another problem unity had with this camera was the zoom procedure.
1	As the 6600 uses 900mhz, it operates in more countries than the 6620.
1	adenine the 6600 USA 900mhz, it operates in more countries than the 6620.
1	angstrom the 6600 uses 900mhz, it run in more countries than the 6620.
0	The customer support is pathetic.
0	The customer indorse is pathetic.
0	The customer support is piteous.
1	Oh, and another is the cool "halo" light that surrounds the touch pad, and light's up when you touch the screen, and how the light glows when the Zen is connected to the computer. 
1	Oh, and another is the aplomb "halo" lighting that surrounds the touch dramatise, and light's up when you pertain the screen, and how the short luminescence when the Zen is connected to the computer. 
1	Oh, and another is the sang-froid "halo" clear that surrounds the touch bolster, and light's up when you rival the screen, and how the luminousness luminescence when the Zen is connected to the computer. 
1	 They sound really good just as the reviews say .
1	 They sound really good just as the inspection say .
1	 They voice really good just as the reviews say .
1	FM tuner & Microphone : Having a tuner in the player is a blessing. 
1	FM radio & Microphone : throw a tuner in the player is a blessing. 
1	FM tuner & microphone : suffer a tuner in the player is a blessing. 
0	also , i can 't understand why the software does not ignore " the " when it lists the cds in alphabetical order . 
0	also , i can 't realise why the software does not neglect " the " when it number the cds in alphabetical decree . 
0	besides , i can 't understand why the software does not discount " the " when it lists the Cd in alphabetical range . 
1	one neat thing - i have taken some pictures in what i thought would be impossible lighting conditions pitch black rooms - no problem for the camera - rooms looked like they had ample lighting . 
1	i neat thing - i have taken some flick in what i cerebration would be impossible dismount specify pitch mordant rooms - no problem for the camera - rooms looked like they had ample lighting . 
1	one neat thing - i have involve some film in what i recall would be impossible lighting status pitch black rooms - no job for the camera - rooms count like they had ample lighting . 
0	 The problems came from my video card .
0	 The problems came from my video notice .
0	 The problems came from my video posting .
1	This product is way cooler than anything Ive used before (PcCillins and McCafees and Norton Antivirus alone).
1	This product is room cool than anything Ive exploited before (PcCillins and McCafees and Norton Antivirus alone).
1	This product is way cool than anything Ive utilize before (PcCillins and McCafees and Norton Antivirus solely).
1	 The sounds were as the movie directors intended .
1	 The fathom were as the movie directors intended .
1	 The sounds were as the movie directors think .
0	I originally gave this camera 5 stars. When I had Windows 98 it was wonderful but I got a new computer last November with XP the usb software is Sooo... not compatible with XP
0	I originally gave this camera 5 virtuoso. When I had Windows xcviii it was grand but one got a fresh computer final November with XP the usb software is Sooo... not compatible with XP
0	I originally throw this camera V champion. When iodine had Windows 98 it was wonderful but I pose a new calculator last November with XP the usb software is Sooo... not compatible with XP
0	one still works fine , the other quit after one day . 
0	one still mould fine , the other quit after one daylight . 
0	unmatchable nevertheless works fine , the other quit after one day . 
1	It has enough power to hog out all the material in one pass, but I usually take multiple to prevent blowout and a smoother finish.
1	It has decent power to hog out all the material in peerless run, but I usually rent multiple to prevent gala and a smoother finish.
1	It has enough power to hog out all the material in one offer, but I usually bring multiple to forestall walkaway and a smoother ending.
1	another reason i got it is because you can put wma files on it . 
1	another intellect i aim it is because you can put wma files on it . 
1	another reason i stimulate it is because you can redact wma files on it . 
0	When I purchase software, I NEVER want to have to spend hours looking up solutions to my install problems -- in particular solutions that involve manually setting driver preferences or editing the registry!
0	When ace buy software, I NEVER need to have to spend hours reckon up solutions to my install problems -- in particular resolution that involve manually setting driver preferences or blue-pencil the registry!
0	When ace purchase software, single never want to have to spend hours reckon up solutions to my install problems -- in particular solutions that involve manually jell driver preferences or redact the registry!
1	The ringtones are beautiful, the screen is super high quality.
1	The ringtones are beautiful, the covert is exceedingly high quality.
1	The ringtones are beautiful, the screen is tiptop high lineament.
1	Solid, squeak-free, large screen.
1	Solid, squeak-free, large blind.
1	strong, squeak-free, large screen.
0	- Radio Quality: weak reception     
0	- Radio Quality: weakly reception     
0	- wireless Quality: weak reception     
1	you feel like you are holding something of substance , not some cheap plastic toy . 
1	you feel like you are holding something of pith , not some bum plastic toy . 
1	you flavor like you are holding something of meaning , not some cheap plastic toy . 
0	(...)  Like most SOHO routers, it has nearly non-existant logging. 
0	(...)  Like most SOHO routers, it has about non-existant logging. 
0	(...)  ilk most SOHO routers, it has nearly non-existant logging. 
1	so much packed in a small case and very affordable ! 
1	so much packed in a little case and very low-priced ! 
1	so much pile in a small instance and very affordable ! 
1	The battery life is not that of the Casio's but its good and your going to get better pictures in my opionion with the battery life youve got. 
1	The battery aliveness is not that of the Casio's but its adept and your going to obtain better video in my opionion with the battery life youve flummox. 
1	The battery life is not that of the Casio's but its good and your decease to start wagerer characterisation in my opionion with the battery life youve aim. 
1	for the price and features it is really good . 
1	for the price and features it is really skillful . 
1	for the price and features it is really thoroughly . 
1	the pictures are absolutely amazing - the camera captures the minutest of details . 
1	the fancy are absolutely amazing - the camera enamor the minutest of details . 
1	the photograph are absolutely amazing - the camera enchant the minutest of details . 
0	I also removed the springs in the plunge  tubes to make it easier to raise.
0	I also off the springs in the plunge  tubes to attain it easier to upraise.
0	I also removed the springs in the plunge  tubes to throw it easy to enkindle.
1	Creative has been making computer sound equipment for decades and with the zen micro it finally has something with enough quality and, yes, charm to win a nice size of the digital player pie.   
1	Creative has been constitute computer reasoned equipment for tenner and with the zen micro it finally has something with enough calibre and, yes, catch to win a courteous size of the digital player pie.   
1	creative has been ready computer legal equipment for tenner and with the zen micro it finally has something with enough quality and, yes, tempt to win a nice size of the digital player PIE.   
1	If you are just looking for something to keep with you at all times, then this is a great camera choice.
1	If you are just face for something to dungeon with you at all times, then this is a cracking camera prize.
1	If you are just see for something to proceed with you at all times, then this is a capital camera pick.
1	 This 4 X 3 monitor fits my space very well .
1	 This 4 X 3 monitor convulsion my distance very well .
1	 This 4 cristal 3 monitor accommodate my space very well .
1	This is really a no brainer. 
1	This is real a no brainer. 
1	This is truly a no brainer. 
1	I wanted standard memory expansion (CF cards), macro mode, and if possible, a waterproof housing (for kayaking).
1	I wanted standard memory expansion (CF poster), macro way, and if potential, a waterproof housing (for kayaking).
1	I wanted standard retentiveness expansion (cf card), macro mode, and if possible, a waterproof housing (for kayaking).
1	 The final insult is that while this router comes with useful software to make sharing printers wirelessly a snap , it 's only a trial version -- you have to download the trial software from the internet then pay an additional $ 40-60 to some unknown company to unlock all the features !
1	 The final diss is that while this router number with useful software to pretend sharing printers wirelessly a breeze , it 's only a trial rendering -- you have to download the test software from the internet then pay an additional $ 40-60 to some strange fellowship to unlock all the sport !
1	 The final insult is that while this router arrive with useful package to reach communion printers wirelessly a flick , it 's only a tribulation adaptation -- you have to download the trial software from the internet then pay an extra $ 40-60 to some unidentified company to unlock all the features !
0	 I 've been playing Minecraft on it and multi tasking at the same time , and while it does run slower while multi-tasking , the gaming experience is not compromised for me .
0	 i 've been flirt Minecraft on it and multi tasking at the same metre , and while it does unravel irksome while multi-tasking , the gaming see is not compromised for me .
0	 single 've been meet Minecraft on it and multi tasking at the same clip , and while it does persist slower while multi-tasking , the punt have is not compromised for me .
0	 Bottom line : it did n't work the way it was supposed to so we 're returning it We bought this router for our two computers .
0	 arse argument : it did n't act the way it was hypothecate to so we 're reversive it We bought this router for our two computers .
0	 behind describe : it did n't make the way it was opine to so we 're pass it We bought this router for our two computers .
1	If you want to work wirelessly, this router does just what you want it to do and my geek friends say that the security is as good as it gets right now.             
1	If you privation to run wirelessly, this router does just what you want it to do and my geek friends say that the surety is as commodity as it let properly now.             
1	If you wish to influence wirelessly, this router does just what you want it to do and my geek Friend say that the security is as practiced as it suffer correctly now.             
0	I'd give it  5 stars if the automatic modes were better and if there were true manual focus and exposure modes.
0	I'd devote it  5 stars if the automatic modes were beneficial and if there were true manual focalize and picture modes.
0	I'd hand it  5 mavin if the automatic modes were respectable and if there were honest manual focus and exposure modes.
1	I have been very impressed with my purchase of the SD500 I bought it at the beginning of the month as the ultimate pocket camera and have shot 300 images so far with it.
1	I have been very impressed with my purchase of the SD500 i purchase it at the start of the month as the ultimate pocket camera and have flash 300 project so ALIR with it.
1	I have been very instill with my purchase of the SD500 ace corrupt it at the showtime of the month as the ultimate pocket camera and have scene 300 images so FAR with it.
1	but overall this is a good camera with a ' really good ' picture clarity ; an exceptional close-up shooting capability . 
1	but overall this is a adept camera with a ' real good ' picture clarity ; an exceptional close-up dash capability . 
1	but overall this is a ripe camera with a ' really unspoilt ' picture clarity ; an exceptional close-up spud capability . 
1	Sound quality? Phenomenal. 
1	Sound lineament? Phenomenal. 
1	levelheaded quality? Phenomenal. 
1	*holds a LOT of diapers--a full week of toddler diapers!
1	*adjudge a mess of diapers--a full week of toddler diapers!
1	*keep a set of diapers--a full week of toddler diapers!
0	Im at full capacity!!!! I called Symantic and they said they don't know why but I should get Tech's Support at $35/hr to help!! I did call them and was on hold for 55 minutes untill I hung up!
0	Im at full capacity!!!! I anticipate Symantic and they said they don't recognize why but iodin should beat Tech's digest at $35/hr to avail!! I did call them and was on hold for 55 instant untill ace hung up!
0	Im at full capacity!!!! I yell Symantic and they said they don't know why but I should capture Tech's hold at $35/hr to help!! i did holler them and was on admit for 55 minutes untill ane attend up!
1	if you have to buy a camera on a buget, this has got to be the one . 
1	if you have to bribe a camera on a buget, this has stimulate to be the ace . 
1	if you have to corrupt a camera on a buget, this has begin to be the unrivaled . 
0	The digital zoom is crap.
0	The digital zoom is dirt.
0	The digital zoom is horseshit.
1	the 4G Ipod costs the same as this 5G Zen Micro. 
1	the 4G Ipod costs the same as this 5G acid micro. 
1	the 4G Ipod price the same as this 5G pane Micro. 
0	the dvd player just would't recognize them . 
0	the dvd player just would't agnise them . 
0	the dvd thespian just would't recognize them . 
1	And it is EXTREMELY well-priced for what you're getting. 
1	And it is EXTREMELY well-priced for what you're arrest. 
1	And it is EXTREMELY well-priced for what you're engender. 
1	i did buy the notmad software a week ago and found that a vast improvement . 
1	i did buy the notmad software a hebdomad agone and ascertain that a vast improvement . 
1	i did corrupt the notmad software a week agone and bump that a vast improvement . 
1	It fits comfortably in my shirt pocket and while very well-designed, doesn't look to ostentatious while I'm walking around with it.  
1	It correspond comfortably in my shirt bag and while very well-designed, doesn't count to ostentatious while I'm walk-to around with it.  
1	It go comfortably in my shirt sac and while very well-designed, doesn't reckon to pretentious while I'm walking around with it.  
1	The earbud headphones are really nice. 
1	The earbud headphones are really dainty. 
1	The earbud headphones are very nice. 
1	also , the display is " hinged " and it can be placed in a myriad of positions , or to protect it against any damage . 
1	also , the display is " hinged " and it can be point in a multitudinous of perspective , or to protect it against any terms . 
1	besides , the display is " hinged " and it can be locate in a uncounted of pose , or to protect it against any damage . 
0	my jpeg pictures are viewable ( not so sharp and vivid ) on my 27 " screen but seem not as clear as when i view them on my 17 " monitor . 
0	my jpeg delineation are viewable ( not so shrill and vivid ) on my 27 " screen but seem not as unmortgaged as when i catch them on my 17 " admonisher . 
0	my jpeg image are viewable ( not so shrill and vivid ) on my xxvii " screen but seem not as pass as when i consider them on my 17 " monitor . 
1	Among my requirments for a phone were: good screen, decent camera, bluetooth, and GPRS support.
1	Among my requirments for a phone were: honest screen, right camera, bluetooth, and GPRS funding.
1	Among my requirments for a phone were: salutary screenland, decent camera, bluetooth, and GPRS substantiate.
1	 Fantastic display ... do n't understand why this model is n't available anymore .
1	 Fantastic display ... do n't sympathise why this exemplary is n't available anymore .
1	 Fantastic display ... do n't understand why this mannequin is n't uncommitted anymore .
1	All in all, this is a wonderful device.  
1	All in all, this is a wonderful gimmick.  
1	entirely in all, this is a wonderful device.  
0	all in all , trying to save some money on this player resulted in me shelling a great deal more when i purchased a much nicer dvd vcr combo player to make up for blazing crappiness of this very embarassing gift . 
0	all in all , try to save some money on this player lead in me shelling a expectant lot more when i buy a practically nicer dvd vcr combo participant to form up for blazing crappiness of this very embarassing gift . 
0	all in all , trying to save some money on this thespian lead in me shelling a majuscule pile more when i purchased a much decent dvd vcr combo instrumentalist to realise up for fulgent crappiness of this very embarassing gift . 
0	 The sound quality has been poor since day one , the base constantly drops calls , and now there seems to be some sort of short circuit in the base -- we can no longer use the AC adapter with the base or it turns off completely .
0	 The healthy quality has been short since day one , the base constantly miss calls , and now there seems to be some kind of shortstop circuit in the free-base -- we can no longer purpose the AC adapter with the theme or it turns off completely .
0	 The sound quality has been poor since Day one , the meanspirited perpetually drops shout , and now there seems to be some sort of short-circuit circuit in the found -- we can no longer use the AC adapter with the understructure or it plough off completely .
0	 The only problem I have is the clicker on the mouse pad is stiff .
0	 The only problem I have is the clicker on the mouse dramatise is steadfast .
0	 The only problem I have is the clicker on the sneak pad is smashed .
0	I had the second one for less than two weeks when I noticed a rattling/humming/buzzing sound while music was played.  
0	I had the second one for less than two weeks when I find a marvelous/humming/hum sound while music was fiddle.  
0	single had the sec one for less than II weeks when I noticed a wonderful/humming/buzzing sound while music was played.  
1	mixed bag i guess but the price was right . 
1	mixed bag i imagine but the price was right . 
1	shuffle bag i guess but the price was right . 
1	 They are clears and perfect to be used along with a sub .
1	 They are clears and arrant to be put-upon along with a sub .
1	 They are clears and double-dyed to be used along with a zep .
0	 When I reset it , like unplugging it and plugging it back in , I would get the N speeds 150 mbps the first time it connected and would transfer files at that speed , then usually next time I connected it would drop back to 65 or 52 mbps and stay at these speeds .
0	 When I reset it , like unplugging it and plugging it rachis in , unity would generate the nitrogen swiftness 150 mbps the low time it connected and would change file at that speed , then commonly next time I connected it would drop-off back to 65 or 52 mbps and stay at these speeds .
0	 When I reset it , similar disconnect it and plugging it back in , I would find the N speeds 150 mbps the foremost time it connected and would transfer files at that speed , then usually next time i connected it would spend rearward to lxv or fifty-two mbps and stay at these amphetamine .
0	We bought this about 6 months ago and it's been worthless.  
0	We bought this about VI months ago and it's been wretched.  
0	We buy this about sestet months ago and it's been worthless.  
0	the panel seems like it will come off very easily as other people have said . 
0	the panel seem like it will come off very easily as other citizenry have allege . 
0	the panel seems like it will get off very well as other multitude have said . 
0	The colors are a joke, and I personally hate the stupid vertical touchpad. 
0	The color are a joke, and I personally hate the stupefied vertical touchpad. 
0	The colouring are a joke, and I personally hate the stupid upright touchpad. 
1	It also has a voice recorder and FM radio that you can only get on an Ipod if you but an adapter seperately. 
1	It also has a voice record-keeper and FM wireless that you can only contract on an iPod if you but an adapter seperately. 
1	It too has a vocalization registrar and FM radio that you can only let on an Ipod if you but an adapter seperately. 
1	 The Satellites are good but the corsair is more responsive and clean .
1	 The Satellites are practiced but the corsair is more responsive and unclouded .
1	 The planet are right but the corsair is more responsive and clean .
0	Video recording is limited at just 9 seconds.
0	Video recording is limited at just 9 second.
0	telecasting recording is limited at just 9 seconds.
1	 You should use the firmware on the DD-WRT website instead .
1	 You should employment the firmware on the DD-WRT website alternatively .
1	 You should function the firmware on the DD-WRT site instead .
1	although the nokia 6610 is a little short on the features department , it is an outstanding piece of hardware for doing what it was primarily meant to do : to be a wireless telephone . 
1	although the nokia 6610 is a short poor on the features department , it is an salient tack of ironware for doing what it was primarily mean to do : to be a wireless telephone . 
1	although the nokia 6610 is a trivial curt on the features department , it is an owing bit of hardware for doing what it was primarily mean to do : to be a tuner telephone . 
1	In fact, I liked it so much after using it with my son who is now 2 years old, that I bought one for our new baby's room.
1	In fact, unity liked it so much after using it with my son who is now 2 class previous, that one bought 1 for our new baby's room.
1	inwards fact, ace liked it so much after utilise it with my son who is now 2 years old, that ane bought one for our novel baby's room.
1	I am impressed with this camera inside and out.
1	I am impressed with this camera inwardly and out.
1	one am impressed with this camera inside and out.
1	Many of these programs are shareware, some can be purchased by paying a little bit of bucks.
1	Many of these programs are shareware, some can be purchased by devote a lilliputian chip of bucks.
1	Many of these programs are shareware, some can be purchased by pay a piffling routine of bucks.
1	I've had no problems w/ this phone.
1	I've had no problems w/ this headphone.
1	I've had no problems watt/ this phone.
0	 I have n't even used the carpet tacks that came with the stands and they are hard to knock over .
0	 I have n't eve used the carpet flip that came with the digest and they are hard to smash over .
0	 ace have n't even practice the carpet tacks that came with the tie-up and they are heavily to knock over .
0	 The problem is that the fastest speed anything has connected to it has been around 72MB\/s , even when in the same room .
0	 The problem is that the firm speeding anything has associate to it has been around 72MB\/s , fifty-fifty when in the same room .
0	 The problem is that the truehearted quicken anything has colligate to it has been around 72MB\/s , even when in the same board .
0	The auto color balance is often fooled by dense clouds.
0	The auto color counterweight is often fooled by dense swarm.
0	The car colorize balance is often fooled by dense clouds.
1	We keep the Diaper Champ in our daughter's nursery and her room definitely does NOT smell like dirty diapers.
1	We hold the Diaper Champ in our daughter's nursery and her room definitely does NOT sense corresponding dirty diapers.
1	We keep the napkin Champ in our daughter's nursery and her room definitely does not smell care dirty diapers.
0	forget about the sleek looks if it can 't play some of your real dvds. 
0	forget about the aerodynamic wait if it can 't play some of your tangible dvds. 
0	forget about the silky wait if it can 't fiddle some of your real dvds. 
0	2 ) the body construction - buttons , casing , etc , are too plastic . 
0	2 ) the consistency construction - button , casing , etc , are too plastic . 
0	2 ) the trunk construction - push , casing , etc , are too plastic . 
1	We don't have to worry about running out of refills with this diaper pail!
1	We don't have to occupy about tend out of refills with this diaper pail!
1	We don't have to worry about lead out of replenish with this diaper pail!
1	for the price and size and features , you can 't beat the price . 
1	for the cost and size and features , you can 't beatnik the price . 
1	for the terms and size and features , you can 't get the price . 
1	a lot of people complain about the creative software , but i actually find creative mediasource organizer to have some strengths over itunes . 
1	a administer of people plain about the creative software , but i actually see originative mediasource organizer to have some strengths over itunes . 
1	a luck of citizenry complain about the creative package , but i actually find creative mediasource organizer to have some lastingness over itunes . 
1	3)The Champ is Odor Free for at least 15 months.
1	iii)The Champ is Odor destitute for at least 15 months.
1	three)The Champ is Odor relieve for at least 15 months.
0	the catch is it 's built like a piece of crap . 
0	the catch is it 's reinforced like a piece of defecate . 
0	the enchant is it 's built like a piece of defecate . 
0	Since zen does not have an external antena it has some problems catching weak signals but it works. 
0	Since dose does not have an external antena it has some problems trance weak signals but it oeuvre. 
0	Since zen does not have an external antena it has some job bewitch decrepit signals but it works. 
1	With the enormous numbers of diapers that you go through with a newborn, it was great how easy it was to dispose of the dirty ones.
1	With the enormous count of diapers that you ecstasy through with a newborn, it was large how well-situated it was to dispose of the soil ones.
1	With the enormous numbers of diapers that you go through with a neonate, it was gravid how promiscuous it was to dispose of the grime 1.
0	Don't buy the diaper champ.
0	Don't bribe the diaper champ.
0	Don't buy the nappy champ.
0	up , down , left , and right would have given me better control . 
0	up , down , left , and rectify would have hand me better control . 
0	up , down , left , and right would have contribute me better ascendancy . 
1	to keep it short , this is cheaper , and in my opinion a better choice than an ipod . 
1	to keep it curt , this is meretricious , and in my opinion a break choice than an ipod . 
1	to keep it light , this is meretricious , and in my opinion a sound choice than an ipod . 
1	It looks nice and sleek and the blue background light looks awesome against the black. 
1	It calculate nice and sleek and the bluish background light flavour awesome against the black. 
1	It looks nice and sleek and the puritanic setting lightheaded looks awesome against the black. 
1	size - extremely small and convenient will fit in your pocket and not bother you . 
1	size - extremely diminished and convenient will set in your pocket and not bother you . 
1	size - extremely modest and convenient will fit in your pocket and not rag you . 
1	It is very easy to change bits without removing the router from the table and the shaft lock works great.
1	It is very easy to change bits without remove the router from the table and the chicane interlace works bully.
1	It is very easy to switch bits without slay the router from the table and the prick lock works groovy.
1	It fits comfortably in my hand and pocket.
1	It fits comfortably in my deal and pocket.
1	It fits comfortably in my pass and pocket.
0	Other than that it is all the same except the new updates.
0	Other than that it is all the same exclude the New updates.
0	former than that it is all the same except the unexampled updates.
0	I did see the review here and other places about a cracked LCD screen. 
0	I did find the review here and other places about a alligatored LCD screen. 
0	I did witness the review here and other lay about a cracked LCD screen. 
1	they could be more comfortable , but no complaints in the sound department . 
1	they could be more comfortable , but no complaint in the levelheaded department . 
1	they could be more well-fixed , but no complaints in the well-grounded department . 
1	it 's easy to transfer , preview , and organize files . 
1	it 's easy to carry-over , preview , and organize files . 
1	it 's gentle to transfer , preview , and organize files . 
0	I find that if you remove the springs it is much easier to adjust and will not stick much.
0	1 breakthrough that if you remove the give it is much easier to adjust and will not stick much.
0	I find that if you off the fountain it is much easier to adjust and will not gravel much.
1	Thank you Apple!  You make fabulous products. 
1	Thank you Apple!  You make mythic products. 
1	Thank you Apple!  You urinate fabulous products. 
0	Seems the "program scan" feature did NOT find the EXE file for Outlook!
0	Seems the "program scan" feature did NOT bump the EXE file for mindset!
0	seem the "program scan" feature did NOT find the EXE file for expectation!
1	This is enough capacity and capability to do a complete household inventory, for example.
1	This is enough capacity and capability to do a everlasting family inventory, for example.
1	This is enough capacity and capability to do a everlasting household stocktaking, for example.
1	10 ) multiple play modes - tracks in order of album , shuffle , etc. , is standard on all jukebox players but worth noting that the zen xtra is not deficient in this matter . 
1	10 ) multiple playact modes - racetrack in govern of album , shuffle , etc. , is standard on all jukebox players but worth noting that the battery-acid xtra is not wanting in this thing . 
1	10 ) multiple run modes - tag in govern of album , shuffle , etc. , is standard on all jukebox thespian but worth noting that the acid xtra is not wanting in this matter . 
0	 It is tall , so I ended up laying it on its side .
0	 It is grandiloquent , so one ended up laying it on its side .
0	 It is tall , so ane ended up position it on its side .
1	- uploading music is quick and easy . 
1	- uploading music is quick and easily . 
1	- uploading music is quick and wanton . 
1	Its also smaller, and gets more looks. 
1	Its also smaller, and gets more aspect. 
1	Its also smaller, and nonplus more looks. 
0	it would have been much nicer if it had a window so you could see the screen , and if the button did n't cover up the ac jack . 
0	it would have been lots nicer if it had a window so you could view the cover , and if the button did n't enshroud up the ac jackass . 
0	it would have been much nicer if it had a windowpane so you could control the blind , and if the button did n't encompass up the ac jackass . 
1	For the price, I am considering purchasing a spare just to have as a backup.
1	For the cost, I am think buying a spare just to have as a backup.
1	For the price, I am conceive buying a spare just to have as a championship.
1	the phone 's sound quality is great ( turn up the volume if its too quiet , people , this thing will get loud ) i dont have any complaints about this phone and the only thing that i miss from my 8290 is voice dialing . 
1	the call 's effectual choice is great ( twist up the book if its too placid , people , this thing will engender tacky ) i dont have any complaints about this phone and the only thing that i miss from my 8290 is voice dialing . 
1	the phone 's heavy quality is keen ( twist up the volume if its too smooth , people , this thing will acquire tacky ) i dont have any complaints about this phone and the only thing that i overlook from my 8290 is vocalism dialing . 
1	overall , a good buy for the price . 
1	overall , a good bribe for the price . 
1	overall , a good buy for the terms . 
1	it looks really sleek and stylish , and does everything it claims . 
1	it flavor really slick and stylish , and does everything it claims . 
1	it search really sleek and stylish , and does everything it exact . 
0	On occasion I'm not able to connect to the phone with iSync via Bluetooth but I found that rebooting the phone seems to solve this problem.
0	On juncture I'm not able to unite to the phone with iSync via Bluetooth but iodin determine that rebooting the phone seems to solve this trouble.
0	along occasion I'm not able to connect to the phone with iSync via Bluetooth but one determine that rebooting the earpiece seems to clear this problem.
0	the headphones are not very comfortable, but most people have a certain style they like so just go buy new ones or keep the ones you have.  
0	the headphones are not very comfortable, but most people have a certain elan they alike so just survive buy new single or proceed the ones you have.  
0	the headphones are not very well-heeled, but most multitude have a certain title they like so just extend buy new I or keep the ones you have.  
1	The flash is surprisingly good and even the video quality is excellent. 
1	The fanfare is surprisingly well and even the video quality is excellent. 
1	The ostentation is surprisingly well and even the video quality is excellent. 
1	 You can even use the ipod to store files from your pc and export your outlook files to it.
1	 You can eventide utilization the ipod to store register from your pc and export your outlook files to it.
1	 You can flush utilization the ipod to store register from your pc and export your outlook files to it.
1	- equipment included is average , but that is n't a big deal since thats not what you are buying it for . 
1	- equipment included is middling , but that is n't a liberal batch since thats not what you are purchasing it for . 
1	- equipment included is norm , but that is n't a bad raft since thats not what you are purchase it for . 
1	Handset quality is great, as is the speakerphone quality and the headset audio quality.
1	Handset quality is nifty, as is the speakerphone timber and the headset audio quality.
1	handset quality is dandy, as is the speakerphone quality and the headset audio quality.
0	the ad-1600 did n't work corectly from the start and the ad-1220 lasted about a week and a half before it started to act up . 
0	the ad-1600 did n't exploit corectly from the begin and the ad-1220 go about a week and a half before it initiate to enactment up . 
0	the ad-1600 did n't mould corectly from the initiate and the ad-1220 go about a week and a half before it startle to routine up . 
1	 This product is definitely worth the purchase .
1	 This merchandise is definitely worth the purchase .
1	 This product is definitely worth the leverage .
1	Initially these phones were fun to play with some of the cool features like the speaker phone, web browser and ofcourse the built in camera.
1	Initially these call were fun to manoeuvre with some of the nerveless features ilk the speaker phone, entanglement browser and ofcourse the built in camera.
1	Initially these phones were fun to gambol with some of the coolheaded features similar the verbalizer phone, network browser and ofcourse the built in camera.
0	Although the SD500 takes great quality photos, the sensitivity of the LCD compromises the quality overall.
0	Although the SD500 contract bully quality picture, the sensitivity of the LCD compromises the quality overall.
0	Although the SD500 read great choice photo, the sensitivity of the LCD compromises the quality overall.
1	The clarity is unbelievable, which means you can cram almost the full 2,5!
1	The clarity is unbelievable, which means you can cram almost the full-of-the-moon 2,quint!
1	The clarity is unbelievable, which means you can cram virtually the full 2,quint!
1	it did play a dvd-r which was unplayable in my older philips machine . 
1	it did frolic a dvd-r which was unplayable in my erstwhile philips machine . 
1	it did maneuver a dvd-r which was unplayable in my old philips machine . 
1	This is overall the best point and shoot camera I've used. 
1	This is overall the best betoken and shoot camera I've victimised. 
1	This is overall the effective point and hit camera I've used. 
0	The fine adustment knob which came with the router was very difficult to use on a router table.
0	The fine adustment knob which follow with the router was very difficult to exercise on a router mesa.
0	The fine adustment pommel which came with the router was very unmanageable to habit on a router table.
1	The view finder shows crystal clear pictures that will look even better when you get them to the computer. 
1	The purview finder shows crystal vindicated painting that will look even better when you get them to the computer. 
1	The view finder shows crystal enlighten flick that will look even skillful when you get them to the computer. 
1	 A great system at an incredible price .
1	 A capital system at an incredible price .
1	 angstrom great system at an incredible price .
1	I got this camera for an unbelievably low price at amazon.
1	ane stick this camera for an unbelievably low price at amazon.
1	unity got this camera for an unbelievably depression price at amazon.
1	 Excellent monitor .
1	 Excellent supervise .
1	 excellent monitor .
1	But it takes gorgeous pictures for a 2.1 MP camera.
1	But it consider gorgeous pictures for a 2.I MP camera.
1	But it involve gorgeous show for a 2.1 MP camera.
1	The main issue now is that this new Zen Micro seems to be the best on the market at least temporarily.  
1	The briny publish now is that this Modern Zen Micro seems to be the topper on the market at least temporarily.  
1	The main emerge now is that this new acid Micro seems to be the full on the commercialise at least temporarily.  
1	It's easy to use, and makes transfering your CD collection to the player a cinch. 
1	It's easily to utilization, and ca-ca transfering your CD collection to the player a cinch. 
1	It's easy to use, and work transfering your candle appeal to the player a cinch. 
0	That's when it went from Oderless, to ODEROUS!
0	That's when it belong from Oderless, to ODEROUS!
0	That's when it depart from Oderless, to ODEROUS!
0	 It takes approximately 20 to 90 seconds to come back online -LRB- I have n't timed it -RRB- , which does n't sound that bad until you get nailed 10 times in one hour -LRB- that 's about as bad as it gets ; sometimes it goes for hours without rebooting -RRB- .
0	 It conduct about 20 to 90 seconds to come back online -LRB- i have n't timed it -RRB- , which does n't sound that badness until you catch blast X times in unmatchable hour -LRB- that 's about as bad as it catch ; sometimes it pass for hours without rebooting -RRB- .
0	 It film approximately 20 to XC minute to cum backward online -LRB- I have n't timed it -RRB- , which does n't sound that badly until you get apprehend 10 times in one hour -LRB- that 's about as bad as it engender ; sometimes it crack for hours without reboot -RRB- .
1	The voice recorder is a beautiful add-on; not even necessary, but just an example of why Apple just wants your money and Creative Labs wants to make a better player. 
1	The vocalise recorder is a beautiful add-on; not even necessary, but just an instance of why Apple just want your money and Creative Labs desire to do a expert player. 
1	The voice recorder is a beautiful add-on; not even necessity, but just an example of why Apple just deprivation your money and Creative lab privation to hold a best player. 
0	 Only issue is with updating firmware .
0	 Only issuance is with updating firmware .
0	 just issue is with updating firmware .
1	Creative was defiantly giving the IPod a run for their money with this device.  
1	Creative was defiantly establish the IPod a work for their money with this device.  
1	Creative was defiantly yield the IPod a runnel for their money with this device.  
1	It feels tiny in the hand without it. 
1	It feels tiny in the deal without it. 
1	It smell tiny in the hand without it. 
1	I love that you can create custom playlists, and organize music in so many different ways.  
1	ace love that you can make custom playlists, and organize music in so many different room.  
1	one love that you can create custom playlists, and direct music in so many different direction.  
1	the canon g3 is perhaps the best 4mp camera out there . 
1	the canon g3 is mayhap the practiced 4mp camera out there . 
1	the canon g3 is possibly the proficient 4mp camera out there . 
0	 Or maybe Netgear so screwed up the firmware for this device that it does n't know what to do .
0	 OR maybe Netgear so screwed up the firmware for this twist that it does n't live what to do .
0	 Or maybe Netgear so chicane up the microcode for this device that it does n't love what to do .
1	it was no problem for me to use their software . 
1	it was no problem for me to role their package . 
1	it was no trouble for me to practice their software . 
0	Once it froze so bad I couldn't even use the power button to turn it off, and had to open and take out the battery.
0	Once it froze so forged I couldn't even use the power button to wrick it off, and had to give and lead out the barrage.
0	erst it froze so badness I couldn't even use the power clitoris to wrick it off, and had to open and yield out the battery.
1	 My DWL-2100AP does not work as a repeater for DI-624S and there is no firmware update to support this product .
1	 My DWL-2100AP does not function as a recidivist for DI-624S and there is no firmware update to backup this ware .
1	 My DWL-2100AP does not play as a recidivist for DI-624S and there is no firmware update to affirm this production .
0	Sometimes when you press buttons, the menu appears after a second or two.
0	Sometimes when you crusade buttons, the menu appears after a sec or two.
0	Sometimes when you press push, the menu appears after a indorse or two.
0	navigation could be better , but there is n't really anything the zen xtra can 't do once you 've gotten comfortable with it . 
0	navigation could be beneficial , but there is n't really anything the Elvis xtra can 't do once you 've fix prosperous with it . 
0	navigation could be skillful , but there is n't genuinely anything the Zen xtra can 't do once you 've incur comfortable with it . 
1	I don't know why CNET says there is a problem with focus, I have all my pictures sharp and high quality. 
1	I don't know why CNET says there is a problem with focus, 1 have all my visualize precipitous and eminent quality. 
1	ace don't know why CNET says there is a problem with concentre, I have all my show needlelike and high quality. 
1	As for bluetooth, no problems at all.
1	A for bluetooth, no problems at all.
1	As for bluetooth, no job at all.
1	i thought i 'd have to buy a set of headphones to use with it , but the included earbuds work quite well . 
1	i opine i 'd have to buy a congeal of headphones to employment with it , but the included earbuds process quite well . 
1	i remember i 'd have to steal a arrange of headphones to use with it , but the included earbuds oeuvre quite well . 
1	I have set up it's PDA features with avantgo.com where you can download info from sites like weather,mapquest maps/directions into it, which is great.
1	I have coiffure up it's PDA features with avantgo.com where you can download info from site wish weather,mapquest maps/focusing into it, which is neat.
1	one have fixed up it's PDA features with avantgo.com where you can download info from model like weather,mapquest maps/counsel into it, which is keen.
1	Freebies you get: A cradle with detachable stand and belt clip, some thing very handy and useful. 
1	Freebies you flummox: A birthplace with detachable abide and belt clip, some thing very handy and useful. 
1	freebee you draw: A cradle with detachable stand and belt snip, some thing very handy and useful. 
1	unarguably better than Apple's, and nice earbuds to boot.  
1	unarguably better than Apple's, and skillful earbuds to boot.  
1	unarguably full than Apple's, and nice earbuds to boot.  
0	The last problem I found with this camera was the macro function.
0	The conclusion problem I launch with this camera was the macro function.
0	The last problem I bump with this camera was the macro mapping.
0	the face-plate , which pops out for the battery , pops open by itself every 10 minutes or so . 
0	the face-plate , which kill out for the barrage , popping open by itself every 10 minutes or so . 
0	the face-plate , which popping out for the battery , pops spread by itself every x minutes or so . 
0	the door would not close . 
0	the door would not closelipped . 
0	the door would not near . 
1	- best in class sound 
1	- good in class sound 
1	- intimately in class sound 
1	I've since gotten the Linksys Modem (BEFCMU10) and stacked it with the WRT54G router and it works fantastic!!! 
1	I've since come the Linksys Modem (BEFCMU10) and full-bosomed it with the WRT54G router and it crop fantastic!!! 
1	I've since produce the Linksys Modem (BEFCMU10) and stacked it with the WRT54G router and it function marvellous!!! 
1	3. The Nokia 6600 has a brilliant Java interface.
1	3. The Nokia 6600 has a vivid Java interface.
1	iii. The Nokia 6600 has a brilliant Java interface.
1	However, if there was one thing I liked about the creative, it would be the car adapter. 
1	However, if there was one matter iodin care about the creative, it would be the car adapter. 
1	However, if there was unrivaled thing single liked about the creative, it would be the railcar adapter. 
0	one beef is the scroll , it does n't work as well as i 'd like . 
0	one bitch is the scroll , it does n't work as fountainhead as i 'd alike . 
0	unitary beef is the scroll , it does n't study as easily as i 'd like . 
1	I also had no  problems installing or running the camera software on my PC.
1	I also had no  problems install or campaign the camera software on my PC.
1	I also had no  problems install or extend the camera software on my PC.
1	Reset the network, tried the connection, and it's working like a charm. 
1	Reset the mesh, well-tried the connection, and it's working like a charm. 
1	Reset the network, tried the connection, and it's exploit ilk a charm. 
1	speakerphone - loud and clear has some nice extra features like currency converter and a stopwatch . 
1	speakerphone - aloud and well-defined has some nice extra features like currentness converter and a stopwatch . 
1	speakerphone - tatty and unclouded has some nice extra features same currency converter and a stopwatch . 
1	i bought this phone for my trip to south africa and it worked almost perfectly . 
1	i bought this phone for my slip to south africa and it function almost utterly . 
1	i buy this ring for my trip to south Africa and it worked almost perfectly . 
0	the GPRS web access is sloooooooooooooow!
0	the GPRS WWW access is sloooooooooooooow!
0	the GPRS vane access is sloooooooooooooow!
0	 Well the theory was great , but upon enabling the guest network , things stopped working .
0	 Well the theory was great , but upon enabling the guest net , things arrest working .
0	 Well the theory was great , but upon enabling the guest network , matter stopped running .
1	The touch buttons are textured so that your finger sdon't slip which was very thoughtful.   
1	The allude buttons are textured so that your finger sdon't slick which was very attentive.   
1	The jot buttons are coarse-textured so that your finger sdon't pillowcase which was very thoughtful.   
1	It's very quiet for a universal motor-driven tool, and the height adjustment stick and variable speed control are great.
1	It's very quiet for a universal motor-driven tool, and the height adjustment mystify and variable quicken control are swell.
1	It's very repose for a universal motor-driven tool, and the height adjustment dumbfound and variable speed control are keen.
1	when you turn on your player , the player turns on really fast , and the music continues to play , as you left it when you were turning it off . 
1	when you turn on your musician , the actor turns on real tight , and the music continues to play , as you leave it when you were turning it off . 
1	when you turn on your player , the player flex on really fasting , and the music continues to frolic , as you impart it when you were ferment it off . 
1	the in-program id3 tag editing is a strong point , as well . 
1	the in-program id3 tag editing is a strong bespeak , as substantially . 
1	the in-program id3 tag redact is a strong pointedness , as well . 
0	It's too bad, though, that !
0	It's too sorry, though, that !
0	It's too spoilt, though, that !
1	The interface is simple to use.
1	The interface is simple to utilization.
1	The interface is simpleton to use.
1	Their customer service agents are always prompt and polite and my service is terrific.
1	Their client service agents are always prompting and polite and my service is terrific.
1	Their customer service factor are always move and polite and my service is terrific.
1	both are very easy to learn & use , and intuitive enough for even a novice . 
1	both are very easy to learn & employment , and visceral enough for even a novice . 
1	both are very easy to see & use , and intuitive decent for even a novice . 
1	 Piece of cake to set up .
1	 Piece of bar to set up .
1	 Piece of cake to dictated up .
1	for the price , it 's a very nice dvd player . 
1	for the damage , it 's a very gracious dvd player . 
1	for the damage , it 's a very nice videodisc player . 
0	it would either not play the song at all , or skip wildly , no matter that the unit was resting on my desk . 
0	it would either not frolic the Sung at all , or jump wildly , no matter that the unit was pillow on my desk . 
0	it would either not maneuver the Sung at all , or hop-skip wildly , no matter that the unit was breathe on my desk . 
1	Also, with one click you can help train your spam killer.
1	Also, with ane click you can help trail your spam killer.
1	Also, with one click you can help train your Spam slayer.
0	my " fast forward " button works , but it takes a little extra pressure on it to make it go . 
0	my " fast forward " clit works , but it contain a little extra pressure on it to make it whirl . 
0	my " fast frontwards " button works , but it takes a little extra pressure on it to fix it plump . 
1	looks ok - very shiny chrome and mirrors . 
1	face ok - very shiny chrome and mirrors . 
1	looks ok - very glossy chrome and mirrors . 
0	when i hooked it up it only produced sound - a cd played fine , but with a dvd i only got the audio - no picture ! 
0	when i pilfer it up it only produced vocalize - a cd played fine , but with a videodisc i only vex the audio - no picture ! 
0	when i snarf it up it only produced sound - a cd represent fine , but with a dvd i only perplex the audio - no impression ! 
1	 The bass is solid and can be quite impressive if turned up .
1	 The bass is firm and can be quite impressive if flex up .
1	 The bass is satisfying and can be quite impressive if flex up .
1	If I could, I'd trade-up on my Creative Muvo2 and snag a Zen Micro tomorrow.  
1	If i could, I'd trade-up on my Creative Muvo2 and rent a acid Micro tomorrow.  
1	If single could, I'd trade-up on my Creative Muvo2 and rent a acid Micro tomorrow.  
1	overall i like the unit . 
1	boilersuit i like the unit . 
1	overall i wish the unit . 
0	- this did not feel like quality construction and i was n't sure how long it would last . 
0	- this did not feel comparable caliber construction and i was n't sure how long it would finally . 
0	- this did not feel ilk quality construction and i was n't sure how yearn it would close . 
1	 For those of you looking for excellent sound reproduction , expecially during a raging Decepticon battle , look no further .
1	 For those of you expect for excellent sound reproduction , expecially during a berate Decepticon battle , expect no further .
1	 For those of you looking for splendid sound replication , expecially during a raging Decepticon struggle , look no further .
1	all reviews i 've seen seem to indicate that the creative mp3 jukeboxes have the best sound quality of these 2nd generation jukeboxed ( ipod , archos , dell , samsung ) . 
1	all reappraisal i 've find seem to betoken that the creative mp3 jukeboxes have the unspoilt sound prize of these 2nd generation jukeboxed ( ipod , archos , dell , samsung ) . 
1	all survey i 've image seem to indicate that the creative mp3 jukeboxes have the dear vocalize calibre of these 2nd generation jukeboxed ( ipod , archos , dell , samsung ) . 
0	the only thing i would complain about the zen xtra is that the controls are n't as easy as the ipod 's , or as " sexy " looking . 
0	the only thing i would kvetch about the zen xtra is that the verify are n't as well-off as the iPod 's , or as " sexy " front . 
0	the only thing i would quetch about the battery-acid xtra is that the control are n't as prosperous as the ipod 's , or as " sexy " await . 
0	also , the player sometimes freezes , not a very big problem , but can also be annoying . 
0	also , the actor sometimes freezes , not a very braggy problem , but can also be chafe . 
0	also , the player sometimes freeze , not a very full-grown problem , but can also be pestering . 
1	 When I then moved the wire to the desktop and used the laptop wirelessly , the internet connection was just fine .
1	 When iodin then prompt the wire to the desktop and used the laptop wirelessly , the internet association was just ok .
1	 When one then displace the cable to the desktop and used the laptop wirelessly , the internet connectedness was just fine .
1	 It 's a really nice looking device and can be positioned horizontally or vertically .
1	 IT 's a real nice looking device and can be positioned horizontally or vertically .
1	 It 's a really overnice looking twist and can be positioned horizontally or vertically .
1	if you are looking for a small camera to throw in your pocket, take great pics and video, get the SD500. 
1	if you are expect for a small camera to fuddle in your pocket, get great pics and video, take the SD500. 
1	if you are seem for a humble camera to throw in your pocket, take groovy pics and video, arrive the SD500. 
0	If you are already using a previous version of nortron security and unistalled it to install the new version, you will still have all kind of problems in installing the new version on your system!
0	If you are already employ a premature version of nortron security and unistalled it to instal the new version, you will placid have all sort of problems in installing the novel version on your organisation!
0	If you are already using a previous interpretation of nortron security and unistalled it to install the freshly variant, you will yet have all tolerant of problems in installing the novel version on your organization!
1	 You ca n't go wrong with these if what you are looking for is a good sound in a small package !
1	 You Ca n't croak wrong with these if what you are looking for is a beneficial heavy in a small package !
1	 You ca n't offer wrong with these if what you are looking for is a unspoilt intelligent in a belittled package !
1	there are instructions to encrypt your personal wirless network so no one else can end up hogging/stealing your bandwidth. 
1	there are direction to encrypt your personal wirless meshing so no one else can terminal up hogging/stealth your bandwidth. 
1	there are education to encrypt your personal wirless web so no matchless else can destruction up hogging/stealing your bandwidth. 
1	the buttons are easy to use , and its easy to navigate . 
1	the buttons are easygoing to use , and its wanton to navigate . 
1	the buttons are sluttish to manipulation , and its easy to navigate . 
1	I bought this diaper pail when my son was just a few days old and I absolutely LOVE it!
1	I bought this diaper pail when my boy was just a few daylight old and I absolutely jazz it!
1	I bought this diaper pail when my boy was just a few days sometime and i absolutely LOVE it!
1	 This is one of the nicest electronic devices that I 've ever owned .
1	 This is one of the nicest electronic gimmick that 1 've ever owned .
1	 This is unitary of the nicest electronic twist that I 've ever owned .
0	 I am having the same problem with the router dropping connection every few minutes .
0	 ace am having the same problem with the router dropping joining every few minutes .
0	 unity am having the same problem with the router fell connection every few minutes .
1	the picture quality is amazing and you can connect it to your tv and could make silent movies that way if you wanted to . 
1	the characterisation quality is gravel and you can tie it to your tv and could attain silent movies that way if you wanted to . 
1	the depiction character is amazing and you can connect it to your video and could attain silent movies that way if you wanted to . 
0	it is some protection for the unit , but for useability , forget it . 
0	it is some auspices for the unit , but for useability , leave it . 
0	it is some security for the unit , but for useability , bury it . 
1	i have not played with all the features yet , but the camera is easy to use once you get used to it . 
1	i have not diddle with all the characteristic yet , but the camera is easy to usage once you get utilise to it . 
1	i have not played with all the features however , but the camera is easy to habituate once you acquire secondhand to it . 
1	nice and small and excellent when it comes to downloading games , graphics and ringtones from www.crazycellphone.com 
1	dainty and belittled and excellent when it occur to downloading games , graphics and ringtones from www.crazycellphone.com 
1	decent and small and excellent when it total to download games , graphics and ringtones from www.crazycellphone.com 
1	because this camera is beautiful . 
1	because this camera is beautiful . 
1	MEMORY/STORAGE - Seemingly boundless.
1	MEMORY/storehouse - Seemingly boundless.
1	retentivity/STORAGE - Seemingly boundless.
0	 I find it too bright .
0	 I find it too burnished .
0	 I rule it too bright .
0	the only two minor issues i have with the camera are the lens cap ( it is not very snug and can come off too easily ) and the lens itself ( it partially obstructs the view through the viewfinder but not views through the lcd ) . 
0	the only two nipper outcome i have with the camera are the lens pileus ( it is not very snug and can fall off too easily ) and the lens itself ( it partially embarrass the consider through the viewfinder but not perspective through the LCD ) . 
0	the only two nipper publish i have with the camera are the lens cap ( it is not very snug and can fall off too easily ) and the lens itself ( it partly jam the perspective through the viewfinder but not panorama through the LCD ) . 
1	I feel much less likely to drop this phone than others, which are actually starting to get too small.
1	I feel much less likely to discharge this earpiece than others, which are actually starting to mystify too small.
1	I tone much less likely to drib this phone than others, which are actually starting to perplex too small.
0	there are some features in the user interface that i find a little inconvenient . 
0	there are some characteristic in the user interface that i regain a little inconvenient . 
0	there are some features in the exploiter interface that i regain a little inconvenient . 
1	you can do other different things with it such as choose what kind of " now playing " interface , you can see the interface as modern or classical . 
1	you can do other different things with it such as prefer what kind of " now flirt " interface , you can experience the port as modern or Greco-Roman . 
1	you can do other different things with it such as select what kind of " now encounter " interface , you can discover the interface as modernistic or authoritative . 
1	yet after ensuring that all the id3 tags are in order ( with the software which is actually not as bad as people make it out ) it actually turns out to be really handy . 
1	yet after control that all the id3 tags are in society ( with the software which is actually not as bad as people construct it out ) it actually turn out to be real Handy . 
1	yet after insure that all the id3 tag are in gild ( with the software which is actually not as spoilt as people seduce it out ) it actually sour out to be really handy . 
1	The file ripping/transfering software that comes with the player is easy to use. 
1	The file rip/transfering software that comes with the player is wanton to use. 
1	The register ripping/transfering software that comes with the player is well-situated to use. 
0	the only thing i did experience was a problem of the player freezing while playing , which i was able to clear by opening it up and blowing it out with " canned air . " 
0	the only thing i did experience was a problem of the actor immobilise while playing , which i was able to crystalize by orifice it up and float it out with " canned send . " 
0	the only thing i did see was a problem of the participant freezing while acting , which i was able to absolved by opening it up and blow it out with " canned aerate . " 
1	 Very compact and portable just as described with great sound quality .
1	 Very compact and portable just as described with expectant sound character .
1	 Very succinct and portable just as described with great sound tone .
1	all and all , i am extremely pleased with this camera . 
1	all and all , i am super delight with this camera . 
1	all and all , i am super please with this camera . 
1	There is no odor and extremely easy to use.
1	There is no odor and extremely slowly to use.
1	There is no odor and extremely sluttish to use.
0	i had to sit on the phone with customer support for 2 hours and they did not help at all . 
0	i had to sit on the headphone with customer endure for deuce minute and they did not help at all . 
0	i had to sit on the sound with customer confirm for II hours and they did not helper at all . 
1	i like my phones to be small so i can fit it in my pockets . 
1	i alike my ring to be pocket-sized so i can fit it in my pockets . 
1	i ilk my phones to be diminished so i can match it in my pockets . 
0	We resorted to using small plastic bags to store the dirty diapers and dumping them in a trash can and using the Diaper Champ for wet diapers only.
0	We resorted to use small pliant bags to store the dirty diapers and dumping them in a pan can and using the Diaper champ for sloshed diapers only.
0	We resorted to using pocket-size shaping bags to store the dirty diapers and dumping them in a applesauce can and victimisation the Diaper Champ for smashed diapers only.
1	as said before this works perfectly . 
1	as said before this exploit perfectly . 
1	as said before this turn perfectly . 
0	software downloads on the site crashed my pc . 
0	software downloads on the site crash my pc . 
0	software downloads on the website crashed my pc . 
0	IRiver has a better FM receiver built in, but the drawback to IRiver products is they are flimsy and poorly constructed. 
0	IRiver has a honest FM receiver built in, but the drawback to IRiver intersection is they are flimsy and seedy construct. 
0	IRiver has a wagerer FM receiver build in, but the drawback to IRiver merchandise is they are flimsy and indisposed constructed. 
1	On the contrary, I'm quite pleased with my upgrade.
1	On the contrary, I'm quite pleased with my acclivity.
1	On the contrary, I'm quite pleased with my advance.
1	learning how to use it will not take very long . 
1	learning how to practice it will not strike very long . 
1	watch how to use it will not guide very long . 
0	only owned it about two weeks so i expect we 're looking at getting another progressive scan dvd player of higher quality very soon . 
0	only have it about two weeks so i await we 're looking at take another progressive scan dvd player of higher calibre very soon . 
0	only owned it about two weeks so i expect we 're calculate at induce another progressive scan dvd instrumentalist of mellow quality very soon . 
1	 Without a doubt I would say that these speakers have the same sound quality as the jbl on stage , and are truly portable -LRB- can be played without a power outlet , I love that feature -RRB- .
1	 Without a doubt i would say that these speakers have the same go prime as the jbl on represent , and are truly portable -LRB- can be roleplay without a power outlet , single know that feature -RRB- .
1	 Without a dubiousness I would say that these loudspeaker have the same strait quality as the jbl on stagecoach , and are truly portable -LRB- can be meet without a baron outlet , I eff that feature -RRB- .
0	From day one, we've had hangups, crashes, glitches, continual reboots, LONG shutdowns due to "ccApp.exe" program running which is a Norton program.
0	From day unity, we've had hangups, dash, glitches, continual reboots, LONG shutdowns ascribable to "ccApp.exe" program ladder which is a Norton program.
0	From day unmatchable, we've had hangups, clang, glitches, continual reboots, LONG closedown due to "ccApp.exe" program lead which is a Norton program.
1	the small size is perfect for my little hands , but may perhaps be uncomfortable or awkward for a bigger person . 
1	the minor size is sodding for my piddling hands , but may perhaps be uncomfortable or awkward for a big person . 
1	the pocket-sized size is staring for my little hands , but may perchance be uncomfortable or inept for a bigger person . 
1	 Other than that the sound is so crisp and clear and I would still purchase this all over again .
1	 Other than that the sound is so terse and clear and ane would silent purchase this all over again .
1	 Other than that the well-grounded is so wrinkle and clear and I would calm purchase this all over again .
1	it is very light weight and has a good signal strength . 
1	it is very faint weight and has a good signalize strength . 
1	it is very wanton burthen and has a good signal strength . 
1	I use the regular kitchen trash bags and it is so easy to empty.
1	I employment the regular kitchen trash bags and it is so promiscuous to empty.
1	ane function the regular kitchen trash bags and it is so easy to empty.
1	with my sennheiser 497 headphones , the volume is loud enough at 12 ( max is 20 ) . 
1	with my sennheiser 497 earphone , the volume is trashy enough at XII ( max is 20 ) . 
1	with my sennheiser 497 headphones , the loudness is brassy enough at 12 ( scoop is 20 ) . 
1	The interface, while a bit confusing at first, is very easy to navigate after about 15 minutes.  
1	The interface, while a bit flurry at first, is very leisurely to sail after about 15 minutes.  
1	The interface, while a routine confuse at first, is very easy to navigate after about 15 transactions.  
1	 For the price of theese speakers the sound that comes out is unbelievable .
1	 For the price of theese speakers the profound that comes out is unlikely .
1	 For the price of theese speakers the vocalize that comes out is incredible .
1	 - Input and headphone on right jack is super handy .
1	 - Input and headphone on right jackfruit is super handy .
1	 - Input and headphone on rightfulness jack is super handy .
0	 Although I was concerned about the plastic material and the fragile look , but it really works .
0	 Although I was concerned about the plastic cloth and the tenuous wait , but it really works .
0	 Although I was concerned about the plastic material and the frail appear , but it really oeuvre .
1	 All the "cool" features of the mini, but with 20GB instead of 5.  
1	 All the "coolheaded" features of the mini, but with 20GB instead of quintet.  
1	 entirely the "sang-froid" features of the mini, but with 20GB instead of 5.  
1	it has lots of little cute features , my favorite being the games and the pim ( personal information manager -- i.e. organizer ) , and the radio ! 
1	it has oodles of piffling cute characteristic , my favorite being the gage and the pim ( personal information manager -- i.e. organizer ) , and the radio ! 
1	it has sight of small precious features , my favored being the games and the pim ( personal information manager -- i.e. organizer ) , and the radio ! 
1	this camera has canon 's great colorimetry , plus what you see in the lcd is what you get . 
1	this camera has canon 's capital colorimetry , plus what you hear in the lcd is what you cause . 
1	this camera has canon 's keen colorimetry , plus what you figure in the lcd is what you incur . 
1	Why bother when it works perfectly with Media Player 10?  
1	Why bother when it employment perfectly with Media Player x?  
1	Why bother when it turn perfectly with Media Player X?  
0	 If I only considered the software or internet user manual I would have rated technical support as 2 or maybe 3 -LRB- at best -RRB- .
0	 If unity only considered the software or internet user manual I would have place technical back as ii or maybe iii -LRB- at best -RRB- .
0	 If unity only moot the software or internet user manual I would have grade technical support as II or maybe 3 -LRB- at skilful -RRB- .
1	 The D-Link has a ton of features including USB printer sharing , two wireless networks -LRB- one not connected to the LAN -RRB- , and a really comprehensive settings menu .
1	 The D-Link has a ton of boast including USB printer apportion , deuce wireless networks -LRB- single not relate to the LAN -RRB- , and a really comprehensive settings menu .
1	 The D-Link has a ton of have including USB printer sharing , two radio networks -LRB- i not join to the LAN -RRB- , and a rattling comprehensive settings menu .
1	This router has soft start and runs smooth and true.
1	This router has diffused start and ladder smooth and true.
1	This router has soft commencement and extend smooth and true.
1	The touchpad is great once you get used to it, and I much prefer it to standard buttons or scroll wheels (as on the Dell DJ for example). 
1	The touchpad is nifty once you commence used to it, and I much prefer it to standard button or gyre wheels (as on the Dell DJ for lesson). 
1	The touchpad is outstanding once you nonplus used to it, and I much favour it to criterion clitoris or scroll wheels (as on the Dell DJ for example). 
1	 excellent , very good monitor to rest the price is pretty good , I recommendt he picture is sharp and in perfect condition came to Venezuela
1	 excellent , very dear monitor to rest the price is pretty good , single recommendt he picture is abrupt and in perfect condition number to Venezuela
1	 excellent , very well monitor to rest the price is pretty skillful , I recommendt he picture is astute and in perfect condition fare to Venezuela
0	I hope you have a magnifying glass, because the number displayed as well as most of the pop up options are tiny.
0	I promise you have a amplify glass, because the number displayed as good as most of the pop up options are lilliputian.
0	single hope you have a magnifying ice, because the number displayed as easily as most of the popular up options are tiny.
1	I've had this camera just over 2 years and it takes pretty good pictures.
1	I've had this camera just over 2 years and it need pretty practiced pictures.
1	I've had this camera just over 2 years and it yield pretty goodness pictures.
1	contrary to what ive read elsewhere , the g3 does sync at 1/250 of a second with third-party flashes , just as it does with the dedicated flashes from canon . 
1	contrary to what ive read elsewhere , the g3 does sync at I/250 of a minute with third-party instant , just as it does with the dedicate wink from canon . 
1	contrary to what ive read elsewhere , the g3 does synchronise at 1/250 of a second with third-party winkle , just as it does with the consecrate dash from canyon . 
1	I have come across many other beginner cameras that I prefer over this camera, but the thing you have to keep in mind about this camera is the size.
1	I have descend across many other beginner cameras that iodin choose over this camera, but the thing you have to sustenance in listen about this camera is the size.
1	one have number crosswise many other beginner cameras that I favour over this camera, but the thing you have to prevent in mind about this camera is the size.
0	i tried e-mailing apex and they come back saying undeliverable . 
0	i sample e-mailing apex and they ejaculate back saying undeliverable . 
0	i tried e-mailing apex and they come gage allege undeliverable . 
0	Although, I thought it could've been designed a bit better.  
0	Although, I cerebrate it could've been designed a bit good.  
0	Although, I opinion it could've been designed a bit beneficial.  
0	i loved it until it broke , but less than a month is not an acceptible period of time for something to work . 
0	i loved it until it part , but less than a month is not an acceptible menses of sentence for something to knead . 
0	i loved it until it split , but less than a month is not an acceptible stop of meter for something to bring . 
1	navigating through the menus is super easy , especially if you have owned a previous model nokia phone . 
1	navigating through the card is super wanton , especially if you have owned a previous model nokia sound . 
1	navigating through the menus is passing well-off , especially if you have owned a previous model nokia ring . 
1	I almost always get a good strong signal, even in fairly remote areas here in the southwest.
1	I almost invariably get a honest strong signal, still in fairly remote areas here in the southwest.
1	iodin almost always get a respectable stiff signal, even in fairly remote areas here in the southwest.
1	 This tiny speakers produce really big sound .
1	 This bantam speakers produce really big sound .
1	 This tiny speakers produce really magnanimous sound .
0	After attempting to navigate the clumsy touch-pad system, I could not get the unit to download my wma files. 
0	After attempting to navigate the clunky touch-pad system, I could not receive the unit to download my wma register. 
0	After attempting to navigate the incompetent touch-pad system, I could not sustain the unit to download my wma register. 
1	 I seem to be getting 5 to 6 hours on the battery which is sufficient for my needs .
1	 1 seem to be commence 5 to half-dozen hours on the battery which is sufficient for my needs .
1	 single seem to be commence 5 to 6 hours on the battery which is sufficient for my need .
0	after years with that carrier 's expensive plans and horrible customer service , portability seemed heaven-sent . 
0	after eld with that mailman 's expensive programme and horrible customer service , portability seemed heaven-sent . 
0	after years with that bearer 's expensive plans and horrifying customer help , portability seemed heaven-sent . 
1	I really love this phone...
1	I actually love this phone...
1	I really lovemaking this phone...
1	this is probably one of the few dvd players at $ 40 that can play almost everything you throw at it . 
1	this is probably single of the few dvd players at $ 40 that can frolic nearly everything you drop at it . 
1	this is probably unmatchable of the few dvd players at $ twoscore that can gaming almost everything you give at it . 
0	scroll button - the scroll wheel was a nice idea to keep less clutter , but the button would sometimes get stuck or keep scrolling . 
0	scroll button - the curl wheel was a nice idea to keep less clutter , but the button would sometimes bring mystify or proceed scrolling . 
0	scroll button - the scroll wheel was a nice mind to sustenance less clutter , but the button would sometimes incur stuck or dungeon scrolling . 
1	We've never experienced odor from the pail.
1	We've never experienced odor from the bucket.
1	We've never receive odor from the pail.
0	i spent hours setting up the stations ( accepts about 13-14 , i believe ) , though the reception is unpredictable . 
0	i pass hours prepare up the stations ( accepts about 13-14 , i think ) , though the reception is unpredictable . 
0	i spent hours coiffure up the stations ( swallow about 13-14 , i trust ) , though the reception is unpredictable . 
1	excellent phone , the phone looks much better than what u see in the pictures . 
1	excellent earpiece , the phone looks much skillful than what u see in the pictures . 
1	splendid phone , the phone looks much improve than what u see in the pictures . 
1	This is the first cell phone I've owned, and overall, I am quite pleased with it.
1	This is the commencement cell earphone I've owned, and overall, I am quite please with it.
1	This is the first cadre phone I've possess, and overall, iodine am quite pleased with it.
1	If compact size is your highest priority in a 2-megapixel camera, the Canon PowerShot S100 Digital Elph is a standout choice and aptly named for its diminutive design.
1	If press sizing is your highest priority in a 2-megapixel camera, the Canon PowerShot S100 Digital Elph is a standout quality and aptly describe for its diminutive intention.
1	If summary size is your highest antecedence in a 2-megapixel camera, the Canon PowerShot S100 Digital Elph is a standout choice and ably diagnose for its diminutive aim.
0	the songs do n't play one after another like on a cd . 
0	the songs do n't gambling matchless after another like on a cd . 
0	the songs do n't play unmatched after another ilk on a cd . 
0	the software , mediasource , cannot work on my pc . ( laptop , intel p4-2.0 , xp os ) . 
0	the software , mediasource , cannot exercise on my pc . ( laptop , intel p4-2.0 , xp Os ) . 
0	the software , mediasource , cannot work on my pc . ( laptop , intel p4-2.zero , xp OS ) . 
0	 I conclude that the Ethernet transceiver D-Link uses is not as good as that of other brands .
0	 I conclude that the Ethernet transceiver D-Link practice is not as unspoiled as that of other post .
0	 unity conclude that the Ethernet transceiver D-Link uses is not as right as that of other post .
1	In auto mode anyone can use it as a point and shoot camera.
1	In auto mode anyone can role it as a designate and shoot camera.
1	In auto mode anyone can utilisation it as a stage and shoot camera.
1	first and foremost , it will take better pic 's than most film camera 's . 
1	first and foremost , it will postulate better pic 's than most picture camera 's . 
1	first and foremost , it will take advantageously movie 's than most film camera 's . 
1	 The speakers are pretty small , so they wo n't take up a lot of space , but they play as loud as you want them to , and they have great quality .
1	 The speakers are pretty minuscule , so they wo n't learn up a sight of space , but they drama as loud as you want them to , and they have enceinte lineament .
1	 The verbalizer are pretty small , so they wo n't engage up a lot of space , but they fiddle as gimcrack as you want them to , and they have big prime .
1	  Using the software iTunes is relatively simple, you just plug the USB cable in, wait your machine to detect the iPod and voila, any songs listed in your iTunes library will be transfered on over to the iPod.
1	  use the software iTunes is comparatively simpleton, you just plug the USB cable in, wait your machine to discover the iPod and voila, any Sung number in your iTunes library will be change on over to the iPod.
1	  use the software iTunes is comparatively uncomplicated, you just plug the USB line in, hold your motorcar to detect the iPod and voila, any songs listed in your iTunes library will be transport on over to the iPod.
1	the build quality feels solid , it does n't shake or whine while playing discs , and the picture and sound is top notch ( both dts and dd5.1 sound good ) . 
1	the build quality feels substantial , it does n't shake or whine while performing discs , and the picture and fathom is height notch ( both dts and dd5.1 sound thoroughly ) . 
1	the physique timbre feels hearty , it does n't shake or whine while playing disc , and the show and sound is top notch ( both dts and dd5.1 sound good ) . 
1	it 's a very intuitive program . 
1	it 's a very intuitive broadcast . 
1	it 's a very nonrational program . 
0	maybe it is my lack of experience , but i found shots with this camera very disappointing . 
0	perchance it is my lack of experience , but i feel pellet with this camera very disappointing . 
0	perchance it is my lack of experience , but i see shooting with this camera very disappointing . 
1	the program is called Gnomad and works great for me and seems to cover all the features the included windows sofware does. 
1	the platform is called Gnomad and exercise large for me and seems to masking all the features the included windows sofware does. 
1	the program is called Gnomad and works keen for me and seem to covert all the characteristic the included windows sofware does. 
0	Because Steve Jobs is a twisted individual and he made sure that he ruined this device by giving it an UNREPLACABLE 18 MONTH BATTERY. 
0	Because Steve speculate is a twisted individual and he realize sure that he bankrupt this device by afford it an UNREPLACABLE 18 MONTH BATTERY. 
0	Because Steve task is a twine individual and he constitute certainly that he ruined this device by giving it an UNREPLACABLE 18 MONTH BATTERY. 
1	I could take 1/2" passes and it still didn't skip a beat.
1	I could get 1/2" passes and it still didn't skip a scramble.
1	I could take 1/2" draw and it noneffervescent didn't skip a beat.
1	It doesn't stink, ever (like some have assumed since it doesn't wrap each diaper into its own neat little cocoon).
1	It doesn't stink, ever (care some have usurp since it doesn't roll each diaper into its own clean little cocoon).
1	It doesn't stink, ever (similar some have fictitious since it doesn't wind each diaper into its own nifty little cocoon).
1	Just follow the instructions carefully, it's all based on a CD that has everything you need to get you up and running in no time. 
1	but pursue the instructions carefully, it's all based on a CD that has everything you require to scram you up and persist in no time. 
1	hardly follow the command carefully, it's all free-base on a CD that has everything you need to father you up and play in no time. 
1	  Apple has definately fulfilled its reputation in making quality equipment, and surprisingly wasn't as expensive as its reputation normally holds.  
1	  Apple has definately fulfill its reputation in prepare select equipment, and surprisingly wasn't as expensive as its reputation normally make.  
1	  Apple has definately fulfilled its reputation in hit timbre equipment, and amazingly wasn't as expensive as its reputation normally admit.  
1	 The range seems quite good even through walls .
1	 The range seems quite good eve through walls .
1	 The range seems quite good still through walls .
1	I recommend T-Mobile and the Nokia 6600 without reservation.
1	I urge T-Mobile and the Nokia 6600 without reservation.
1	unity recommend T-Mobile and the Nokia 6600 without reservation.
0	f ) it doesnt look pretty -- spending this kind of cash , you want something that has the asthetics bit down , of course 
0	f ) it doesnt appear reasonably -- spending this kind of cash , you want something that has the asthetics bite down , of naturally 
0	f ) it doesnt look fairly -- disbursement this kind of cash , you need something that has the asthetics fleck down , of course 
1	Flawless. 
1	flawless. 
1	unflawed. 
1	 This computer has an excellent screen size and quality -LRB- for a netbook -RRB- .
1	 This computer has an excellent sieve size and calibre -LRB- for a netbook -RRB- .
1	 This computer has an excellent sort size and prize -LRB- for a netbook -RRB- .
1	having used it for more than a month , i can say that it consistently produces topnotch photos . 
1	having expend it for more than a month , i can say that it consistently produces super pic . 
1	having used it for more than a month , i can enounce that it consistently make A-one photos . 
1	2- Excellent picture quality and so simple to use!!!
1	2- Excellent picture lineament and so simple to use!!!
1	2- Excellent picture timber and so simple to use!!!
1	I've been using NIS 2004 for about 2 months and it works well.
1	I've been using NIS 2004 for about II months and it works easily.
1	I've been utilize NIS 2004 for about 2 months and it exploit well.
1	It has given me zero problems, and the more I use it, the better I become at taking advantage of its strengths.
1	It has given me zero problems, and the more I use it, the good iodin suit at taking advantage of its intensity.
1	It has given me zero problems, and the more unity use it, the honest I become at select advantage of its strength.
0	they are not wowable good . 
0	they are not wowable beneficial . 
0	they are not wowable skilful . 
1	anything this phone does , it does perfectly . 
1	anything this earphone does , it does perfectly . 
1	anything this earpiece does , it does perfectly . 
1	on the up-side , the phone has amazing battery life . 
1	on the up-side , the phone has awing battery life . 
1	on the up-side , the phone has stick battery life . 
0	one of the dvd 's i received as a christmas present kept freezing . 
0	one of the dvd 's i received as a Yule exhibit kept freezing . 
0	one of the dvd 's i received as a christmas face kept suspend . 
0	 Nor there is a clear manual offered by the manufacturer or by Qwest , Qwest does provide some info , but nothing about what is not intuitive enough in the screen .
0	 Nor there is a cleared manual offered by the manufacturer or by Qwest , Qwest does cater some info , but zippo about what is not intuitive adequate in the shield .
0	 Nor there is a illuminate manual extend by the manufacturer or by Qwest , Qwest does offer some information , but nothing about what is not intuitive enough in the concealment .
0	I haven't seen any problems yet, but if you don't like to tinker a bit, this player can be a little challenging to set up.  
0	I haven't view any problems yet, but if you don't similar to tinker a flake, this player can be a fiddling challenging to situated up.  
0	ane haven't figure any problems yet, but if you don't comparable to fiddle a bit, this player can be a little challenging to Seth up.  
1	Having the Digic II chip helps a lot. 
1	Having the Digic II chip helps a set. 
1	feature the Digic II chip helps a lot. 
0	the OS is abit confusing at 1st, but within a few days you will pass this learning curve!
0	the OS is abit confusing at 1st, but within a few day you will passing this learning wind!
0	the OS is abit confusing at 1st, but within a few days you will legislate this teach arc!
0	 In fact others say not bright enough ?
0	 In fact others enunciate not bright enough ?
0	 In fact others order not bright enough ?
0	This is only a problem at night, during the day the screen is very easy to see. 
0	This is only a problem at Nox, during the day the screen is very slow to date. 
0	This is only a problem at Nox, during the daytime the screen is very easy to discover. 
0	there are a couple of quirks that were a bit annoying like having to actually press the power button before the tray will open ( my prev. machine did it automatically ) , and the fact that the external display is too small and too faded to read from any significant distance . 
0	there are a duet of quirks that were a bit annoying comparable having to actually iron the baron clitoris before the tray will undecided ( my prev. motorcar did it automatically ) , and the fact that the external display is too small and too faded to take from any significant aloofness . 
0	there are a match of quirks that were a minute annoying comparable having to actually constrict the power button before the tray will clear ( my prev. machine did it automatically ) , and the fact that the external display is too diminished and too faded to show from any important outdistance . 
1	good quality video . 
1	good calibre video . 
1	unspoilt quality video . 
1	This is an excellent router for the price.
1	This is an excellent router for the terms.
1	This is an splendid router for the price.
1	battery life , the drawback to most digital cameras , to quote k. reeves . 
1	battery life , the drawback to most digital cameras , to quote potassium. reef . 
1	shelling life , the drawback to most digital cameras , to quote k. Witwatersrand . 
0	 LOOKS AND DURABILITY: I realize many people are fond of the minimalist white interface.  
0	 aspect AND DURABILITY: I realize many people are fond of the minimalist snowy interface.  
0	 looking AND DURABILITY: I realize many people are tender of the minimalist white interface.  
1	Purchased this router a few months back, NO PROBLEMS whatsoever.  
1	Purchased this router a few month back, NO job whatsoever.  
1	Purchased this router a few months dorsum, nobelium PROBLEMS whatsoever.  
0	i can only hear the sound but no picture ! 
0	i can only hear the sound but no depict ! 
0	i can only hear the vocalize but no picture ! 
1	 I did not even have to hit the `` auto tune '' button , it just worked instantly .
1	 ace did not even have to score the `` auto tune '' button , it just run instantly .
1	 iodine did not level have to hit the `` auto tune '' button , it just cultivate instantly .
1	either way , can 't go wrong with this price . 
1	either agency , can 't go wrong with this price . 
1	either way , can 't extend wrong with this price . 
1	the sound is quite good, in terms of volume.  
1	the sound is quite good, in footing of volume.  
1	the sound is quite honest, in terms of volume.  
1	The interface works great.  
1	The interface exercise great.  
1	The interface works dandy.  
1	Friends told me that the Diaper Genie did not work very well, so bought the Diaper Champ based on on-line reviews and I have been happy with it.
1	Friends narrate me that the Diaper Genie did not work very well, so bought the napkin chomp based on on-line survey and I have been glad with it.
1	acquaintance say me that the Diaper Genie did not mold very fountainhead, so bought the Diaper Champ based on on-line revue and I have been happy with it.
1	 - Sound quality is good .
1	 - Sound quality is skilful .
1	 - Sound quality is sound .
1	It offers way more features than I need but the ones I use work well.
1	IT offers way more features than iodine need but the unity I use work well.
1	It offers way more features than I need but the ones I employment wreak advantageously.
1	you can also assign special rings and graphics to special people when they call . 
1	you can also assign special reverberate and graphics to special people when they Call . 
1	you can also portion special mob and graphics to special people when they call . 
1	basic usage is easy , but the remote has a lot of buttons that i have n't used . 
1	basic utilization is easy , but the remote has a stack of clit that i have n't used . 
1	introductory usage is easy , but the remote has a circumstances of button that i have n't used . 
1	I don't know if we'll run into trouble down the road with odors, but so far I have no complaints and I'm very happy not to have to buy those refills.
1	I don't bed if we'll test into distract down the road with odors, but so far iodine have no complaint and I'm very glad not to have to buy those refills.
1	I don't bonk if we'll lean into disturb down the road with odors, but so FAR iodin have no complaints and I'm very well-chosen not to have to buy those refills.
1	At first I had a problem with some smell, then I realized if you flip the lid back and always keep the same side facing in - then there is no smell at all!
1	At kickoff 1 had a problem with some smell, then 1 realized if you riffle the lid binding and always sustain the same side facing in - then there is no smell at all!
1	at world-class unity had a problem with some reek, then unity realized if you flip the lid hinder and always keep the same side facing in - then there is no smell at all!
1	the system is terrific in size and design , imo looking better than the ipods . 
1	the system is terrific in size and excogitation , imo sounding better than the ipods . 
1	the system is terrific in size and innovation , imo await better than the ipods . 
1	the battery life is ok , but can be somewhat short when working a lot with the monitor on . 
1	the battery lifetime is ok , but can be somewhat short-circuit when operative a lot with the monitor on . 
1	the shelling life is ok , but can be somewhat short when workings a passel with the monitor on . 
1	 Portable .
1	 Portable .
1	 portable .
1	I've only had this camera for a few days, but it's been great. 
1	I've only had this camera for a few daytime, but it's been bang-up. 
1	I've only had this camera for a few years, but it's been capital. 
0	at the very least , a sturdier more protective carrying case would be nice . 
0	at the very least , a sturdier more protective behave showcase would be nice . 
0	at the very least , a sturdier more protective contain instance would be nice . 
1	all in all this a great player that blows the i-pod away , with easy to use and understand features , software that is simple to understand and use , and a great sound ( which is all that matters in a mp3 player ) . 
1	all in all this a expectant participant that boast the i-pod away , with slowly to practice and understand features , software that is mere to understand and use , and a expectant wakeless ( which is all that matters in a mp3 player ) . 
1	all in all this a great actor that flub the i-pod off , with easy to enjoyment and understand characteristic , software that is round-eyed to understand and exercise , and a great vocalise ( which is all that matters in a mp3 player ) . 
0	i only have one complaint , and that is the 8mb card included . 
0	i only have ane complaint , and that is the 8mb plug-in included . 
0	i only have one complaint , and that is the 8mb tease admit . 
1	The design of the collets is excellent and far exceeds any of the craftman (toy/junk) routers I have previously purchased.
1	The design of the collets is excellent and far outgo any of the craftman (play/rubble) routers I have previously purchase.
1	The intention of the collets is excellent and far outgo any of the craftman (toy/junk) routers iodin have previously purchase.
1	fortunately , the g3 has a hot shoe that can take an external flash , and fortunately for me , i already owned a one of the highest quality external flashes that money can buy : the metz 60 ct-4 . 
1	luckily , the g3 has a blistering shoe that can choose an external twinkle , and fortunately for me , i already owned a one of the gamey choice external dart that money can buy : the metz 60 ct-4 . 
1	luckily , the g3 has a raging shoe that can claim an external garish , and fortunately for me , i already owned a unitary of the highest caliber external flashes that money can bribe : the metz 60 ct-4 . 
1	 Purchased this item because of reviews and price .
1	 Purchased this item because of reviews and Price .
1	 Purchased this item because of survey and price .
1	I noticed that the micro adjustment knob and collet are well made and work well too.
1	I noticed that the micro adjustment knob and collet are swell urinate and lick well too.
1	I noticed that the micro adjustment knob and ferrule are well induce and work easily too.
1	this camera is ideal for people who want more power , but do n't want to spend 1000s dollars on a camera . 
1	this camera is apotheosis for multitude who want more powerfulness , but do n't want to spend thou dollars on a camera . 
1	this camera is saint for people who require more magnate , but do n't want to spend chiliad dollars on a camera . 
1	i have not been disappointed with my purchase . 
1	i have not been disappoint with my purchase . 
1	i have not been disappointed with my leverage . 
1	The diaper champ couldn't be easier to use.
1	The diaper champ couldn't be easier to employ.
1	The diaper champ couldn't be easier to function.
0	There is little meaningful difference between the two versions aside from the tedius activation process, and the product is currently rather buggy and has problems running unless cleanly installed on a formatted drive.
0	There is picayune meaningful difference between the two versions by from the tedius activation procedure, and the product is currently quite buggy and has problems running unless cleanly installed on a initialise ride.
0	There is trivial meaningful difference between the two reading apart from the tedius activation process, and the product is currently rather buggy and has problems go unless cleanly installed on a initialize take.
0	Such a small zoom length that you would think that the zoom would be silent since it hardly zooms in...wrong!
0	Such a lowly zoom length that you would conceive that the soar would be silent since it hardly zooms in...wrongly!
0	Such a small zoom length that you would reckon that the soar would be still since it hardly zooms in...incorrect!
1	the rate plans are also very good , at least for me . 
1	the pace plans are also very unspoilt , at least for me . 
1	the rank plans are likewise very good , at least for me . 
1	i can highly recommend this product because of its ease of use ( hardware and software ) , playback quality and value for the price . 
1	i can highly recommend this product because of its simpleness of use ( hardware and software ) , playback choice and prize for the Price . 
1	i can highly recommend this production because of its relaxation of usance ( hardware and software ) , playback quality and value for the damage . 
0	If you have an older version of "Internet Security" installed, you may also need to remove it as well before proceeding with SystemWorks install.
0	If you have an older variant of "Internet Security" establish, you may also necessitate to remove it as wellspring before proceeding with SystemWorks install.
0	If you have an previous version of "Internet Security" installed, you whitethorn also need to absent it as fountainhead before proceeding with SystemWorks install.
1	great camera , and for the price you can 't beat it . 
1	great camera , and for the Price you can 't stick it . 
1	outstanding camera , and for the price you can 't quiver it . 
1	The actual experience of USING the iPod is magnificent.
1	The actual experience of apply the iPod is magnificent.
1	The actual experience of practice the iPod is magnificent.
0	if you hold down the scroll wheel too long ( which is common if you have a lot of songs to sort through ) , it will get " stuck " rapidly going through the songs and wo n't stop until several seconds after you let your finger off of it . 
0	if you declare down the curl wheel too foresighted ( which is common if you have a mint of call to sort through ) , it will fetch " bind " rapidly blend through the songs and wo n't check until several seconds after you let your finger off of it . 
0	if you detainment down the scroll wheel too long ( which is common if you have a allot of birdsong to sort through ) , it will sire " sting " rapidly expire through the vocal and wo n't arrest until several sec after you let your finger off of it . 
0	the scroll wheel , to be blunt , sucks . 
0	the scroll wheel , to be blunt , suction . 
0	the scroll wheel , to be deaden , sucks . 
0	then my dvds would stop playing in the middle , or not even be read at all . 
0	then my dvds would diaphragm trifle in the middle , or not even be record at all . 
0	then my videodisc would blockade trifle in the middle , or not even be read at all . 
1	The sound is INCREDIBLE; very clean, very wide dynamic range of bass, mids and highs, and can be very loud if I turn it up full blast.
1	The fathom is INCREDIBLE; very white, very blanket dynamic range of bass, mids and highs, and can be very gaudy if I bend it up full blast.
1	The levelheaded is INCREDIBLE; very clean, very wide dynamic range of deep, mids and highs, and can be very loud if I flex it up replete bang.
1	since batteries do run out on everything , this will also be a big money-saver since ipods , irivers , rca , dell , all have built-in batteries that need to be replaced by a technician ( apple charges 100 bones for the battery replacement ) . 
1	since batteries do rill out on everything , this will also be a braggy money-saver since ipods , irivers , rca , dell , all have built-in battery that need to be substitute by a technician ( apple send C drum for the battery replacement ) . 
1	since batteries do runnel out on everything , this will also be a grownup money-saver since ipods , irivers , rca , dell , all have inbuilt bombardment that take to be replaced by a technician ( apple appoint 100 bones for the battery refilling ) . 
1	The software that comes with the Digital Elph is very nice and intuitive.
1	The software that come with the Digital Elph is very courteous and intuitive.
1	The software that do with the Digital Elph is very Nice and intuitive.
1	The pictures are tack sharp, colors are vivid, and at 7 mega pixels the quality is plenty high to manipulate and crop images to your hearts desire. 
1	The picture are tack discriminating, colors are lifelike, and at 7 mega pel the quality is plenty richly to manipulate and crop images to your hearts desire. 
1	The pictures are tack sharply, colour are pictorial, and at 7 mega pixels the caliber is plenty high to manipulate and crop images to your gist desire. 
1	The container is hard to open, which is exactly what you want when your baby becomes a toddler, and you do have to flip the handle carefully (which has saved more than a few of her toys,too.) I don't consider these difficulties but features for the older baby.
1	The container is gruelling to undecided, which is exactly what you wish when your baby becomes a toddler, and you do have to alternate the cover carefully (which has saved more than a few of her miniature,too.) one don't think these difficulties but characteristic for the older baby.
1	The container is severely to subject, which is exactly what you wishing when your baby becomes a toddler, and you do have to flip-flop the handle carefully (which has saved more than a few of her toy,too.) 1 don't count these difficulties but features for the elder indulge.
1	 In conclusion, I gave the iPod a 4/5 because anything this expensive should would work just about flawlessly.
1	 In decision, I collapse the iPod a 4/5 because anything this expensive should would oeuvre just about flawlessly.
1	 In decision, ane devote the iPod a 4/5 because anything this expensive should would work just about flawlessly.
1	I've had this player for more than 4 months and I'm very happy with it. 
1	I've had this musician for more than iv month and I'm very happy with it. 
1	I've had this player for more than foursome month and I'm very well-chosen with it. 
1	The height is a more convenient reach than others, where you have to hunch over.
1	The pinnacle is a more convenient make than others, where you have to hump over.
1	The summit is a more convenient pass than others, where you have to intuition over.
0	and the body / construction in general has quite a bit of plastic , a disappointment after the stainless steel heft of the s330 . 
0	and the consistence / twist in general has quite a fleck of plastic , a disappointment after the untarnished steel heft of the s330 . 
0	and the soundbox / construction in general has quite a bit of plastic , a letdown after the untainted blade heft of the s330 . 
1	 The clarity and contrast are exactly what I was looking for in a monitor , and spec for spec , it is a bargain compared to other brands .
1	 The clarity and line are incisively what i was look for in a monitor , and spec for spec , it is a bargain equate to other brands .
1	 The limpidity and demarcation are exactly what ane was expect for in a monitor , and spec for spec , it is a bargain compared to other make .
1	- Audio Formats: supports both MP3, WMA... And yeah, WAV too.  
1	- Audio formatting: affirm both MP3, WMA... And yeah, WAV too.  
1	- Audio formatting: subscribe both MP3, WMA... And yeah, WAV too.  
1	i 've now had the camera for two months and i 'm even more pleased with it . 
1	i 've now had the camera for deuce month and i 'm tied more pleased with it . 
1	i 've now had the camera for ii month and i 'm flush more pleased with it . 
0	If you have no previous version of  nortron security on your system, or Nortron Antivirus, the installation will go fine, otherwise dig in and in to do a major registery clean up!the old programs will leave a trace that will mess up the new installation, even if you uninstalled the old programs perfectly.
0	If you have no previous version of  nortron security on your arrangement, or Nortron Antivirus, the installation will go exquisitely, otherwise labor in and in to do a major registery unobjectionable up!the one-time programs will leave a delineate that will heap up the raw installation, fifty-fifty if you uninstalled the old programme perfectly.
0	If you have no previous version of  nortron security on your system, or Nortron Antivirus, the installing will last amercement, otherwise dig in and in to do a major registery clean up!the one-time platform will entrust a trace that will deal up the young installation, tied if you uninstalled the Old programs perfectly.
1	We have been using our Diaper Champ for almost 14 months now and we are very happy with it.
1	We have been habituate our nappy title-holder for almost 14 months now and we are very happy with it.
1	We have been using our Diaper chomp for almost fourteen month now and we are very happy with it.
0	Multiple users on one machine never seemed to behave like you'd expect.
0	Multiple user on one machine never look to behave like you'd expect.
0	Multiple users on peerless automobile never seemed to behave like you'd expect.
1	despite its being slightly larger than the ipod , i must say i was surprised to see how small it was when i unwrapped the box ! 
1	despite its being slightly bigger than the iPod , i must say i was surprised to meet how low it was when i discover the box ! 
1	despite its being slightly bombastic than the ipod , i must enjoin i was surprised to regard how pocket-size it was when i reveal the box ! 
0	I also own a Canon Digital Rebel and I agree that the advanced controls on the SD500 are not as robust, but overall picture quality goes head-to-head with the Digital Rebel. 
0	I also own a Canon Digital Johnny and ace agree that the encourage controls on the SD500 are not as full-bodied, but overall picture quality whirl head-to-head with the digital Rebel. 
0	I also own a Canon Digital Rebel and I agree that the upgrade controller on the SD500 are not as racy, but overall see quality decease head-to-head with the Digital rebel. 
0	1-A cell phone is to make CALLS , in other words , quality of reception and mic/speaker are the most important , the 6600 has a relatively low volume speaker , you'd have to press it hard against your ear to hear anything the other person is saying , unless the surroundings were completely quiet .
0	1-A cell phone is to fix cry , in other give-and-take , select of reception and mic/utterer are the most important , the 6600 has a relatively low volume loudspeaker , you'd have to push it surd against your ear to hear anything the other person is tell , unless the surroundings were completely calm .
0	1-A cell sound is to puddle prognosticate , in other discussion , quality of reception and mic/speaker are the most important , the 6600 has a relatively small volume speaker , you'd have to weight-lift it backbreaking against your ear to hear anything the other person is enounce , unless the ring were completely quieten .
1	the battery lasts very long when playing music , but writing files to the player drains the battery fast , so you need to have it plugged into an outlet when sending files . 
1	the battery finale very long when bring euphony , but writing files to the histrion drains the battery fast , so you indigence to have it plug into an outlet when sending files . 
1	the battery lasts very tenacious when recreate music , but writing files to the histrion drains the battery loyal , so you need to have it secure into an outlet when transport files . 
0	4 .the zen * stores * data files , but does not allow a folder structure nor does it allow documents to be opened or programs to be launched from its disk ( they must be copied to another hard drive to be launched ) . 
0	quaternion .the zen * stores * data files , but does not provide a folder structure nor does it permit documents to be afford or plan to be launched from its disk ( they must be imitate to another grueling driving to be launched ) . 
0	quaternity .the zen * stores * data files , but does not allow a folder structure nor does it earmark documents to be open or plan to be launched from its record ( they moldiness be copied to another severely labor to be launched ) . 
0	I have never had this problem with any other software on my computer.
0	ace have never had this problem with any other software on my reckoner.
0	unity have never had this job with any other software on my computer.
1	all in all suprisingly easy to use . 
1	all in all suprisingly easy to utilise . 
1	all in all suprisingly well-heeled to use . 
1	 The first 2 routers worked good for years .
1	 The first 2 routers worked safe for years .
1	 The inaugural 2 routers worked good for years .
0	After 4 attempted installs, I have finally given up.
0	After 4 attempted installs, I have finally give up.
0	After 4 attempted installs, I have finally pass up.
1	 Tech support was very pleasent and helpfull once you actually got someone .
1	 Tech backing was very pleasent and helpfull once you actually begin someone .
1	 Tech support was very pleasent and helpfull once you actually stick somebody .
0	ring tones only come with crazy songs and annoying rings , there is only one ring that sounds close to a regular ring . 
0	mob tonus only come with crazy songs and annoying rings , there is only one ring that sounds secretive to a regular reverberate . 
0	ring tones only come with crazy songs and rag rings , there is only one surround that phone close to a regular tintinnabulation . 
0	i also did n't like the way it displayed information way down into the screen when you are in zoom mode . 
0	i also did n't like the manner it exhibit information way down into the riddle when you are in zoom fashion . 
0	i also did n't like the path it display information style down into the screen when you are in whizz mode . 
0	HOWEVER after just one month my headphone jack was BROKEN as a result of normal, every-day use.  
0	HOWEVER after just ace month my earpiece jack was BROKEN as a result of formula, every-day use.  
0	HOWEVER after just one month my headphone diddly-shit was discontinue as a result of pattern, every-day use.  
0	But, the Creative Zen Micro is plagued by a serious, serious stupid and elemenatary design flaw, and I'm going to tell you what it is...But first, two more things about this piece of garbage that's so great and could've made it a potenial IPOD killer.         
0	But, the Creative Elvis Micro is chevy by a serious, serious stupid and elemenatary plan flaw, and I'm choke to enjoin you what it is...But firstly, two more things about this tack of garbage that's so bang-up and could've hold it a potenial IPOD killer.         
0	But, the Creative battery-acid Micro is provoke by a serious, serious stupid and elemenatary pattern flaw, and I'm expire to enjoin you what it is...But inaugural, two more things about this man of garbage that's so heavy and could've name it a potenial IPOD killer.         
0	It's as though Nokia has segregated 90% of the screen for fancy features rarely used and leave just 10% for the day to day use.
0	It's as though Nokia has segregated 90% of the screen for figure features rarely exploited and exit just x% for the daytime to day use.
0	It's as though Nokia has segregated 90% of the sieve for visualise have rarely used and leave just tenner% for the day to day purpose.
1	All at the same time, and all without a hitch.
1	all at the same metre, and all without a hitch.
1	all at the same time, and all without a stop.
0	5 . the zen does not have a stop button ! 
0	5 . the zen does not have a break button ! 
0	5 . the zen does not have a point button ! 
1	I recently bought the Linksys WRT54G router and have been very happy with the router itself. 
1	iodine late corrupt the Linksys WRT54G router and have been very happy with the router itself. 
1	unity recently corrupt the Linksys WRT54G router and have been very well-chosen with the router itself. 
1	 Sound quality and base is amazing .
1	 Sound quality and base is flummox .
1	 go quality and base is amazing .
0	 Third gripe : These monitors can suffer from the LCD equivalent of screen burn - `` image persistence '' if you like .
0	 3rd gripe : These monitors can suffer from the LCD equivalent of shield burn - `` look-alike persistence '' if you like .
0	 Third gripe : These monitors can tolerate from the LCD equivalent of screen burning - `` image persistence '' if you same .
0	I was using a Motorola T720i with Verizon and I had alot of dropped calls and I had troubles syncing data.
0	I was employ a Motorola T720i with Verizon and unity had alot of neglect calls and iodine had troubles syncing data.
0	I was using a Motorola T720i with Verizon and I had alot of neglect birdsong and unity had cark syncing data.
1	the sound quality is excellent , except , maybe a * tad * too quiet at times when there are quieter talkers on the other end of the line . 
1	the audio select is excellent , except , maybe a * tad * too unruffled at times when there are quieter talkers on the other cease of the blood . 
1	the sound quality is splendid , except , maybe a * tad * too quiet at times when there are subdued verbaliser on the other close of the bloodline . 
1	Update I knew that I loved the champ, and useing the diaper genie at a friend's house REALLY reinforced that!
1	Update I knew that iodin bang the champion, and utilize the diaper genie at a friend's house REALLY reinforced that!
1	Update I screw that I loved the champ, and useing the diaper jinni at a friend's sign REALLY strengthened that!
1	The Creative Zen Micro, at first glance, is a dream come true for all mp3 and music lovers. 
1	The Creative Zen Micro, at first glance, is a woolgather amount reliable for all mp3 and music lovers. 
1	The Creative Zen Micro, at first peek, is a dream do true for all mp3 and medicine lovers. 
1	without a doubt the finest looking apex dvd player that i 've seen . 
1	without a doubt the finest appear apex dvd player that i 've picture . 
1	without a doubt the finest face apex dvd musician that i 've seen . 
1	if you 're looking for a small , compact , super resolution digital camera , you can end your search with the nikon 4300 ! 
1	if you 're appear for a small , covenant , super declaration digital camera , you can closing your search with the nikon 4300 ! 
1	if you 're looking for a minuscule , contract , super resolution digital camera , you can close your seek with the nikon 4300 ! 
0	it is a little cumbersome to scroll through so many levels to get to the selection you want . 
0	it is a fiddling awkward to scroll through so many levels to puzzle to the selection you want . 
0	it is a picayune cumbersome to scroll through so many point to aim to the selection you want . 
1	for the price it is a well spent investment ! 
1	for the cost it is a well spent investment ! 
1	for the toll it is a well spent investment ! 
1	 recieved this product in time for a gift giving ... works outstanding good battery life nice screen resolution uses windows 7 which is what the rest of the house uses connectsd to my network easisly
1	 recieved this merchandise in time for a gift pay ... cultivate spectacular good battery life nice screen firmness uses windows 7 which is what the roost of the house uses connectsd to my network easisly
1	 recieved this product in time for a gift giving ... works striking unspoilt bombardment life Nice concealment resolution uses windows 7 which is what the breathe of the house uses connectsd to my network easisly
1	 I can see a drastic difference between this monitor and Dell Ultrasharp in terms of contrast , brightness and viewing angles .
1	 I can view a drastic difference between this monitor and Dell Ultrasharp in condition of contrast , luminance and showing angles .
1	 one can see a drastic departure between this monitor and Dell Ultrasharp in terms of counterpoint , brightness and watch angles .
1	 We own two sets of these -LRB- black -RRB- and I am very pleased with the performance of the these compact speakers , especially at the low price these sell for here on Amazon .
1	 We own II determine of these -LRB- ignominious -RRB- and I am very pleased with the performance of the these bundle verbalizer , especially at the scummy price these sell for here on Amazon .
1	 We own two solidifying of these -LRB- black-market -RRB- and I am very pleased with the functioning of the these thick loudspeaker , especially at the broken price these sell for here on Amazon .
0	i find the lack of entertaining games on this phone quite disturbing . 
0	i find the lack of entertaining game on this sound quite disturbing . 
0	i see the lack of entertaining games on this phone quite distressful . 
0	I no longer use it as a plunge router, only as a stationary or table mounted router.
0	I no recollective utilise it as a plunge router, only as a stationary or table mount router.
0	I no retentive apply it as a engross router, only as a stationary or table mounted router.
1	after some consideration i chose the 40gb nomad zen xtra from creative , and i have not been disappointed . 
1	after some condition i prefer the 40gb nomad pane xtra from creative , and i have not been disappointed . 
1	after some consideration i opt the 40gb nomad battery-acid xtra from creative , and i have not been discomfited . 
1	 Oops , easy to go online , and adjust it there .
1	 Oops , easy to cristal online , and adjust it there .
1	 Oops , easy to function online , and adjust it there .
0	Buttons size is OK for me, my wife, but not my grany.
0	button size is Oklahoma for me, my wife, but not my grany.
0	release size is okay for me, my wife, but not my grany.
1	easy to use , small form factor , and looks good to boot . 
1	easy to use , small form factor , and smell secure to boot . 
1	well-to-do to use , small form constituent , and looks good to boot . 
0	4) Buttons are quite small and is really a pain exp if one is fond of text messaging.
0	quadruplet) Buttons are quite belittled and is really a pain exp if one is tender of text messaging.
0	quadruplet) Buttons are quite small and is very a pain exp if unrivalled is fond of text messaging.
0	the sound is not loud enough when i play back the video clips on the camera. 
0	the intelligent is not loud enough when i caper back the video clip on the camera. 
0	the sound is not tacky enough when i bid back the video clip on the camera. 
0	I am giving a zero star to symantec for this version!
0	I am giving a cypher star to symantec for this rendering!
0	I am handsome a zero whiz to symantec for this version!
1	it is small , unlike my canon slr , so it easily fits in my pocket . 
1	it is modest , unlike my canon slr , so it easily tantrum in my pocket . 
1	it is pocket-size , unlike my canon slr , so it easily tantrum in my pocket . 
1	Picture quality's great for still and video with sound.
1	Picture quality's great for even and video with sound.
1	figure quality's great for still and video with sound.
0	Ultimately you will learn just how bad Nokia is, and why their recent loss of market share is so utterly deserved.
0	Ultimately you will hear just how defective Nokia is, and why their recent passing of marketplace share is so utterly deserved.
0	Ultimately you will memorise just how bad Nokia is, and why their recent passing of grocery portion is so utterly deserved.
1	 These speakers have great sound but they will buzz if you leave them on with the sound turned up .
1	 These speakers have great voice but they will buzz if you leave them on with the legal rick up .
1	 These verbalizer have great voice but they will buzz if you result them on with the sound turned up .
0	The only downside to this is that it can get pretty stinky long before the pail is full.
0	The only downside to this is that it can acquire pretty stinky retentive before the pail is full-of-the-moon.
0	The only downside to this is that it can contract passably stinky retentive before the pail is full.
1	 I am a big fan of iTunes, simply because it is terribly fast and convenient - IF you are buying the songs from the iTunes site.  
1	 I am a bountiful fan of iTunes, simply because it is abysmally tight and convenient - IF you are purchasing the strain from the iTunes site.  
1	 iodine am a great devotee of iTunes, merely because it is terribly dissipated and convenient - IF you are buying the songs from the iTunes site.  
1	It looks sleek and modern. 
1	It expect sleek and modern. 
1	It spirit sleek and modern. 
0	3 ) it does not work automatically like a hard drive when you connect it to your computer , like some players 
0	3 ) it does not mold automatically like a severe motor when you connect it to your estimator , like some players 
0	trio ) it does not operate automatically like a grueling drive when you connect it to your computer , similar some players 
1	It took me about an hour to set up a wireless environment in her townhouse and she hasn't called me yet with any problems. 
1	It need me about an hr to coiffe up a wireless environment in her townhouse and she hasn't address me yet with any problems. 
1	It take me about an hour to ready up a tuner environment in her townhouse and she hasn't called me yet with any trouble. 
1	 For the price there 's nothing better .
1	 For the price there 's nothing break .
1	 For the price there 's nothing respectable .
1	anyway, my wife got this for me for my birthday and I love the thing. 
1	anyways, my wife cause this for me for my birthday and I dear the thing. 
1	anyways, my wife go this for me for my birthday and ace love the thing. 
1	very cool features... great camera with zoom...cool quality pictures... great ringtones... bluetooth feature is great....
1	very cool features... great camera with soar...cool quality pictures... cracking ringtones... bluetooth feature is nifty....
1	very cool lineament... great camera with zoom...cool quality see... majuscule ringtones... bluetooth feature is great....
1	seems to read most dvds fine , and reads quietly ( i had a pioneer player that had fairly loud disc spin noise ) . 
1	seems to scan most dvds ok , and reads softly ( i had a pioneer player that had passably loud disc spin noise ) . 
1	seems to translate most dvds delicately , and reads quietly ( i had a pioneer player that had fairly loud disk birl noise ) . 
0	so, right out of the box i had issue.
0	so, good out of the box i had issue.
0	so, mightily out of the box i had issue.
0	The depth adjustment was sloppy.
0	The depth adjustment was marshy.
0	The profoundness adjustment was sloppy.
1	 I am very happy with this monitor .
1	 I am very glad with this monitor .
1	 I am very well-chosen with this monitor .
1	( he had owned two apex dvd players , and was pleased with both of them . ) 
1	( he had owned two apex DVD thespian , and was pleased with both of them . ) 
1	( he had owned two vertex dvd musician , and was pleased with both of them . ) 
1	 I am using JBL N38 II as surround left & right , which is again a very nice excellent speaker set .
1	 I am using JBL N38 II as ring will & decent , which is again a very nice excellent speaker set .
1	 single am using JBL N38 II as surround will & right , which is again a very nice excellent speaker adjust .
1	 I just set it up manually , which is very easy .
1	 I just localise it up manually , which is very well-off .
1	 i just fit it up manually , which is very easy .
1	The Phone offers a 32 Mb MMC card and I think that is certainly the most exciting feature.
1	The Phone go a 32 Mb MMC card and I recollect that is certainly the most energise feature.
1	The Phone offers a 32 MiB MMC card and iodin think that is certainly the most exciting have.
0	* does not provide enough volume when connected to larger headphones , or external receivers ( car radio ). 
0	* does not provide enough volume when connected to orotund phone , or external receivers ( railcar radio ). 
0	* does not provide enough volume when unite to great headphone , or external receivers ( car radio ). 
0	there is no way the battery supplied lasts 14 hours ! 
0	there is no mode the barrage supplied lasts 14 hours ! 
0	there is no way the battery furnish conclusion 14 hours ! 
0	the one and most major thing that i was dissapointed with , in this player , is the battery life . 
0	the unity and most major thing that i was dissapointed with , in this participant , is the battery living . 
0	the unmatchable and most major thing that i was dissapointed with , in this player , is the bombardment lifetime . 
1	other plusses : changable battery , loads of presets for environments , decent construction , still quite small and light despite being slightly bigger than an ipod . 
1	other plusses : changable battery , payload of presets for environments , decent construction , tranquil rather small and clean despite being slightly bigger than an ipod . 
1	other plusses : changable battery , stretch of presets for environments , decent construction , nevertheless quite humble and sparkle despite being slightly bigger than an ipod . 
1	So for the money it costs for one of those top-of-the-line models I've got a good router & a nice table to put it in & I like that.
1	So for the money it be for one of those top-of-the-line models I've gravel a good router & a nice remit to order it in & iodine like that.
1	So for the money it costs for one of those top-of-the-line mould I've get a goodness router & a nice prorogue to arrange it in & I like that.
1	 I have been dealing with wireless routers and access points for a long time -LRB- most recently with Cisco\/Linksys -RRB- and this was the easiest most efficient setup I 've ever experienced .
1	 I have been dealing with wireless router and access stage for a prospicient metre -LRB- most recently with Cisco\/Linksys -RRB- and this was the easy most efficient setup ace 've ever experienced .
1	 I have been share with wireless routers and approach steer for a retentive time -LRB- most recently with Cisco\/Linksys -RRB- and this was the comfortable most efficient setup I 've ever see .
0	Even the "shorter" battery life, though, has not impaired my positive experience with the Zen Micro in any way. 
0	Even the "poor" battery life, though, has not impaired my positivistic experience with the Zen Micro in any fashion. 
0	evening the "forgetful" battery life, though, has not impaired my overconfident experience with the Zen Micro in any way. 
1	 they were easy to install and ended up using 300 feet of cable .
1	 they were prosperous to install and ended up using 300 groundwork of cable .
1	 they were tardily to install and ended up habituate 300 feet of cable .
0	this camera has a major design flaw . 
0	this camera has a major contrive flaw . 
0	this camera has a major purpose flaw . 
0	So I e-mailed the online tech support with that simple question, and got a reply which was totally unresponsive (it looked as though they didn't actually read the e-mail and just sent back a few boilerplate paragraphs).
0	indeed one e-mailed the online tech support with that simple interrogative, and experience a reply which was totally unresponsive (it wait as though they didn't actually read the e-mail and just institutionalise spine a few boilerplate paragraphs).
0	sol I e-mailed the online tech endorse with that simple doubt, and stick a reply which was totally unresponsive (it expect as though they didn't actually read the e-mail and just station indorse a few boilerplate paragraphs).
1	a ) the picture quality ( color and sharpness of focusing ) are so great , it completely eliminated my doubt about digital imaging --- how could one eat rice one grain at a time : - ) ) 
1	a ) the picture timber ( discolour and acuteness of focusing ) are so peachy , it completely eliminated my doubt about digital imaging --- how could one eat rice one ingrain at a meter : - ) ) 
1	a ) the render quality ( vividness and sharpness of centering ) are so neat , it all eliminated my doubt about digital imaging --- how could one corrode rice one grain at a time : - ) ) 
1	i 've only had it a week , but so far , everything about this camera is making me happy . 
1	i 've only had it a hebdomad , but so Interahamwe , everything about this camera is micturate me happy . 
1	i 've only had it a week , but so Interahamwe , everything about this camera is hit me felicitous . 
0	Hard drive screws up occasionally
0	Hard drive jazz up occasionally
0	laborious drive screws up occasionally
0	purchased the ad-2600 about a month ago and have had numerous problems with it . 
0	purchase the ad-2600 about a month ago and have had numerous job with it . 
0	purchased the ad-2600 about a month agone and have had legion problems with it . 
1	The wood can be pushed thru fast or slow with little bog.
1	The Wood can be pushed thru fast or slow with small bog.
1	The wood can be advertize thru fast or dim with little bog.
0	- Not compatible with Audible.com books.  
0	- Not compatible with audible.com books.  
0	- not compatible with Audible.com books.  
1	this is by far the nicest one , in so many ways . 
1	this is by ALIR the decent one , in so many ways . 
1	this is by far the nicest unitary , in so many way . 
1	In short, the Nokia 6600 is an evolution but not a revolution.
1	Indiana shortsighted, the Nokia 6600 is an evolution but not a revolution.
1	in shortly, the Nokia 6600 is an evolution but not a revolution.
1	- great value 40gb vs 10 gb ipod for the price 
1	- great measure 40gb vs 10 GiB ipod for the price 
1	- great measure 40gb vs 10 gibibyte ipod for the price 
1	the pc sync feature is superb that comes with nokia pc suite software ( with data cable or infrared port or bluetooth ) . 
1	the pc sync feature is superb that follow with nokia pc cortege software ( with information cablegram or infrared port or bluetooth ) . 
1	the pc sync lineament is superb that derive with nokia pc suite software ( with data cablegram or infrared embrasure or bluetooth ) . 
1	the buttons and interface are very easy to use . 
1	the buttons and interface are very well-heeled to use . 
1	the buttons and interface are very well-situated to use . 
0	2) The delay from the time you fully depress the shutter to the time the picture is taken is too long and may yield some fuzzy shots. 
0	2) The delay from the metre you fully demoralise the shutter to the time the picture is strike is too long and may soften some fuzzy pellet. 
0	II) The delay from the time you amply depress the shutter to the time the see is taken is too long and may pay some fuzzy jibe. 
1	Outside of the T-Mobile service area the phone seamlessly jumped onto AT&T Wireless and various other services where the T-Mobile service was unavailable.
1	outdoor of the T-Mobile help orbit the call seamlessly jumped onto AT&T Wireless and various other services where the T-Mobile service was unavailable.
1	remote of the T-Mobile service expanse the phone seamlessly parachute onto AT&T Wireless and various other services where the T-Mobile servicing was unavailable.
0	Apple's iPod battery replacement service costs $100! 
0	Apple's iPod battery replacement service cost $100! 
0	Apple's iPod battery replacement service price $100! 
1	 Wire runs through the body of the stand - giving it a very clean look .
1	 Wire runs through the body of the brook - commit it a very clean look .
1	 Wire runs through the body of the stand - big it a very sporting look .
1	I did not conduct a rigorous test, but just took some identical shots in identical lighting with both cameras, and the Canon won hands down. 
1	I did not doings a rigorous trial, but just lease some identical shots in very ignite with both cameras, and the Canon won hands down. 
1	iodin did not deportment a strict examine, but just demand some identical shots in identical lighting with both cameras, and the Canon won hands down. 
0	I mean, they're short!
0	I mean, they're inadequate!
0	i mean, they're short!
1	i bought this slick phone and i am very happy with it . 
1	i buy this tricky phone and i am very happy with it . 
1	i purchase this slick telephone and i am very happy with it . 
1	i particularly like the way it aids me in taking my macro shots . 
1	i particularly like the way it aids me in remove my macro jibe . 
1	i particularly like the way it help me in consider my macro shots . 
1	i selected the 4300 right away and have gotten high quality pictures every time . 
1	i selected the 4300 powerful away and have baffle high quality pictures every time . 
1	i selected the 4300 right away and have perplex high quality figure every time . 
0	Even though I have the parental controls off it constantly starts updating them then freezes my computer.
0	Even though I have the parental ascendance off it constantly beginning updating them then frost my computer.
0	Even though one have the parental contain off it constantly offset updating them then freezes my computer.
1	the picture is perfect , although i 'm not watching on an hdtv . 
1	the characterization is perfect , although i 'm not determine on an hdtv . 
1	the pic is gross , although i 'm not watching on an hdtv . 
1	It's cheaper, holds more songs and is smaller.      
1	It's cheaper, obligate more songs and is smaller.      
1	It's cheaper, wait more songs and is smaller.      
1	The setup works awesome, as with any tool I look closely at the individual tool for it's merits, and not just the company as a whole.
1	The setup play awful, as with any tool 1 flavour closely at the individual tool for it's merits, and not just the accompany as a whole.
1	The setup workplace awesome, as with any tool ane aspect closely at the person creature for it's merits, and not just the company as a whole.
1	It's still one of the smallest 2MP digital cameras on the market, and absolutely one of the best-built most stylish cameras ever.
1	It's calm unmatchable of the smallest 2MP digital cameras on the commercialise, and absolutely ane of the best-built most stylish cameras ever.
1	It's silence one of the lowly 2MP digital cameras on the market, and absolutely peerless of the best-built most stylish cameras always.
1	A great camera, but here are some points which I don't notice in most of the reviews here, which may be of concern especially to the more advanced amatuer:
1	A corking camera, but here are some gunpoint which ane don't find in most of the reviews here, which may be of concern especially to the more raise amatuer:
1	a great camera, but here are some target which 1 don't placard in most of the reviews here, which May be of concern especially to the more advanced amatuer:
1	first let me say that it is much smaller than it looks on the web and it also looks better . 
1	first let me enounce that it is much smaller than it flavour on the web and it likewise looks serious . 
1	initiative let me say that it is much smaller than it tone on the web and it also feel easily . 
1	i thought the software was decent enough - it was n't complicated to learn at all . 
1	i cerebration the software was seemly enough - it was n't rarify to learn at all . 
1	i persuasion the software was nice enough - it was n't complicated to check at all . 
1	I had a Casio unit, which had given great service, and would have been happy to get another one, but was tempted by the iPod's sleek design, storage capacity, connection options- - firewire and USB, and its integration with iTunes.   
1	I had a Casio unit, which had give keen service, and would have been happy to arrest another unrivalled, but was influence by the iPod's sleek intention, entrepot capacity, connection options- - firewire and USB, and its integration with iTunes.   
1	I had a Casio unit, which had throw bang-up service, and would have been happy to produce another one, but was tempt by the iPod's sleek design, store capacity, connective options- - firewire and USB, and its integrating with iTunes.   
1	The menus are easy to scroll through; they are laid out naturally, and make sense. 
1	The carte are light to scroll through; they are laid out naturally, and attain sense. 
1	The menus are well-fixed to scroll through; they are pose out naturally, and cook sense. 
1	This is my fourth Linksys product and, aside from the rough start, I'm very satisfied with this router.     
1	This is my fourth Linksys product and, apart from the harsh startle, I'm very satisfied with this router.     
1	This is my fourth Linksys product and, aside from the uncut originate, I'm very meet with this router.     
0	I just wished that it didn't fill up so fast!
0	I just care that it didn't fill up so loyal!
0	I just wished that it didn't filling up so loyal!
1	The instruction manuals and documentation are excellent so that the learning curve will be much less steep.
1	The instruction manuals and documentation are excellent so that the learning curvature will be lots less exorbitant.
1	The instruction manuals and documentation are first-class so that the scholarship curve will be much less unconscionable.
0	and the battery life is bad !
0	and the battery life is regretful !
0	and the battery sprightliness is bad !
1	It uses the extendable MMC memory, it is perfect for storing videos, pictures and mp3s.
1	It function the extendable MMC memory, it is everlasting for storing videos, visualize and mp3s.
1	It uses the extendable MMC remembering, it is perfect for storing video, visualise and mp3s.
1	i did n't think i would find this quality and ease of use for under $ 1500 - i 'm thrilled with my purchase ! 
1	i did n't think i would find this character and allay of utilisation for under $ 1500 - i 'm beatify with my purchase ! 
1	i did n't think i would find this quality and relieve of habit for under $ 1500 - i 'm shudder with my leverage ! 
1	I have been absolutely, completely satisfied with the product and its capabilities.
1	I have been absolutely, all satisfied with the product and its potentiality.
1	I have been absolutely, totally fulfill with the product and its capabilities.
1	i felt better with this one since it had the shuffle feature and i 'm not too keen on www.ipodsdirtysecret.com. 
1	i feel unspoiled with this peerless since it had the shuffle feature and i 'm not too cutting on www.ipodsdirtysecret.com. 
1	i matt-up full with this ace since it had the shuffle feature and i 'm not too smashing on www.ipodsdirtysecret.com. 
1	reviews for sound quality are generally ( but not universally ) positive . 
1	follow-up for effectual quality are generally ( but not universally ) positive . 
1	reviews for intelligent quality are generally ( but not universally ) confirming . 
1	Their website had a download that helped remove those, although I had to manually remove a good number of files from the "Programs" directory.
1	Their website had a download that facilitate remove those, although I had to manually transfer a respectable enumerate of files from the "Programs" directory.
1	Their website had a download that help remove those, although I had to manually hit a honorable number of files from the "curriculum" directory.
1	This phone has a nice blend of features without going overboard.
1	This phone has a decent blend of characteristic without going overboard.
1	This phone has a nice blend of have without choke overboard.
1	If you are looking for an upgrade, this is definitely the phone for you.
1	If you are await for an upgrade, this is definitely the call for you.
1	If you are count for an ascent, this is definitely the phone for you.
1	i have had the phone for 1 week , the signal quality has been great in the detroit area ( suburbs ) and in my recent road trip between detroit and northern kentucky ( cincinnati ) i experienced perfect signal and reception along i-75 , far superior to at &#38; t 's which does not work along several long stretches on that same route . 
1	i have had the phone for 1 week , the indicate calibre has been majuscule in the detroit area ( suburbs ) and in my recent road jaunt between detroit and northern kentucky ( Cincinnati ) i experienced complete indicate and reception along i-75 , far master to at &#38; t 's which does not cultivate along several hanker stretching on that same route . 
1	i have had the ring for 1 week , the signalise prime has been smashing in the detroit area ( suburbs ) and in my Recent road tripper between detroit and northern kentucky ( cincinnati ) i experienced perfect signal and reception along i-75 , far master to at &#38; t 's which does not influence along several yearn stretchiness on that same itinerary . 
1	the light auto-correction is awesome . 
1	the ignite auto-correction is awesome . 
1	the lightheaded auto-correction is awesome . 
1	i also liked the fact that you can save custom playlist you made on the player not just the computer ! 
1	i also care the fact that you can economise custom playlist you shit on the player not just the figurer ! 
1	i likewise liked the fact that you can save tradition playlist you attain on the player not just the reckoner ! 
0	however , the calls constantly drop in my area and i experince mega-static , to the point where i 'd have to dial numbers 6-7 times to get a clear line . 
0	however , the calls constantly drip in my area and i experince mega-static , to the signal where i 'd have to dial numbers 6-7 times to scram a crystalise occupation . 
0	however , the calls invariably throw in my area and i experince mega-static , to the point where i 'd have to dial act 6-7 times to grow a crystalise line . 
1	this phone has a very cool and useful feature -- the speakerphone . 
1	this earpiece has a very cool and useful sport -- the speakerphone . 
1	this phone has a very assuredness and utile feature -- the speakerphone . 
0	second , the menu system and controls are poorly designed . 
0	2nd , the menu system and controls are poorly designed . 
0	secondly , the menu system and controls are poorly designed . 
1	 I have no problem at all recommending these stands .
1	 I have no problem at all recommending these abide .
1	 I have no problem at all recommending these fend .
1	also , it was only $ 39.99 ( after rebate ) with free shipping and no tax so overall it is a decent player . 
1	likewise , it was only $ thirty-nine.99 ( after rebate ) with innocent ship and no tax so overall it is a decent player . 
1	too , it was only $ 39.99 ( after rebate ) with relieve shipping and no tax so overall it is a adequate participant . 
1	 The price was the lowest I 'd seen in my research -LRB- Best Buy , Office Depot -RRB- .
1	 The price was the low I 'd seen in my explore -LRB- outdo Buy , Office Depot -RRB- .
1	 The terms was the lowest I 'd seen in my research -LRB- beneficial Buy , spot Depot -RRB- .
0	This version of Internet Security 2004, is beyond hope.
0	This interpretation of Internet Security 2004, is beyond hope.
0	This version of internet Security 2004, is beyond hope.
1	A call to customer support (got to a live person within a couple of minutes) helped me tweak a couple of the settings to streamline performance.  
1	A vociferation to customer hold (gravel to a live person within a couple of arcminute) helped me tweak a couple of the settings to streamline functioning.  
1	a call to customer documentation (got to a unrecorded person within a couple of minutes) helped me tweak a twain of the context to streamline performance.  
1	finding a particular song ( s ) or album on the nomad jukebox is fast and easy . 
1	feel a particular Sung ( s ) or album on the nomad jukebox is tight and easy . 
1	find a exceptional song ( s ) or album on the nomad jukebox is fast and slow . 
0	when talking the voice is not very clear . 
0	when talking the spokesperson is not very clear . 
0	when talking the voice is not very earn . 
1	overall it is the best camera on the market . 
1	overall it is the sound camera on the market . 
1	overall it is the unspoilt camera on the market . 
1	What impressed me most was the sound.  
1	What impressed me most was the effectual.  
1	What impressed me most was the levelheaded.  
1	This camera is great if you're used to a high-end SLR.
1	This camera is dandy if you're utilise to a high-end SLR.
1	This camera is heavy if you're expend to a high-end SLR.
1	it is exceedingly simple to navigate around in this device . 
1	it is exceedingly round-eyed to voyage around in this device . 
1	it is exceedingly unproblematic to navigate round in this device . 
1	Despite a critical start, this phone deserves four stars because it accomplishes what it sets out to do (which is pretty lofty)... does more than most... does it well... is dependable.
1	Despite a critical start, this phone deserve four lead because it accomplishes what it determine out to do (which is reasonably rarified)... does more than most... does it swell... is dependable.
1	Despite a critical starting, this phone deserves four-spot lead because it accomplishes what it sic out to do (which is pretty lofty)... does more than most... does it advantageously... is honest.
0	Too bad the product is cumbersome and intertwined trying to do so much at one time.
0	Too badly the product is inept and intertwined prove to do so much at one time.
0	too bad the product is cumbersome and interlace trying to do so much at one meter.
1	Builtin microphone is great for recording short voice notes. 
1	Builtin microphone is great for read short voice notes. 
1	Builtin microphone is great for show short voice notes. 
1	The included earphones are pretty good - my advice? 
1	The included earphones are pretty honest - my advice? 
1	The included earphones are pretty secure - my advice? 
0	d ) software is another great misfortune -- hard to operate , crashes frequently , screwed my music library up , doesnt work with mp4s , the list goes on and on 
0	d ) software is another great misfortune -- unvoiced to lock , doss frequently , screwed my music library up , doesnt exploit with mp4s , the list sound on and on 
0	d ) software is another large misfortune -- grueling to control , clangoring frequently , screwed my music library up , doesnt work with mp4s , the list whirl on and on 
1	All in all it hasn't been a bad product.
1	completely in all it hasn't been a bad product.
1	wholly in all it hasn't been a bad product.
1	if you haven't noticed, they designed it so that you can also take vertical pictures when you do the self-timer. 
1	if you haven't detect, they plan it so that you can also return vertical fancy when you do the self-timer. 
1	if you haven't mark, they designed it so that you can too exact vertical depict when you do the self-timer. 
1	 Very sturdy and strong.
1	 Very sturdy and substantial.
1	 very sturdy and strong.
0	 However , since I am in an office , I normally keep them at a pretty low volume , and at low volumes , they sound a little weak .
0	 However , since I am in an office , single normally celebrate them at a pretty humbled volume , and at low volume , they healthy a little weak .
0	 yet , since I am in an situation , I normally keep them at a pretty low volume , and at blue volumes , they sound a lilliputian infirm .
1	I like it's shape and it's keypad and joystick.
1	I alike it's shape and it's keypad and joystick.
1	I like it's conformation and it's keypad and joystick.
1	i didnt get ipod because i dont especially like itunes (no music i want, but thats just me) and the creative product was cheaper; and i needed to be able to use WMA files.  
1	i didnt mother ipod because i dont especially same itunes (no music i lack, but thats just me) and the creative product was punk; and i needful to be able to apply WMA files.  
1	i didnt stupefy ipod because i dont especially like itunes (no medicine i deprivation, but thats just me) and the creative product was tawdry; and i postulate to be able to role WMA files.  
1	nokia was my first nonflip phone , and i 'm glad i decided to go with them . 
1	nokia was my 1st nonflip phone , and i 'm glad i distinct to proceed with them . 
1	nokia was my initiative nonflip phone , and i 'm gladiola i decided to move with them . 
1	i can recommend this phone to anyone , anytime . 
1	i can commend this phone to anyone , anytime . 
1	i can recommend this earpiece to anyone , anytime . 
1	 I have this monitor for a month now and I 'm very pleased with it .
1	 1 have this admonisher for a month now and ace 'm very pleased with it .
1	 1 have this proctor for a month now and i 'm very pleased with it .
1	The panorama modes are wonderful.
1	The panorama modes are grand.
1	The vista modes are wonderful.
0	this model does have the traditional key arrangement , it 's just that they are really close to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it takes a big getting used to for someone like me with big hands . 
0	this mannequin does have the traditional key arrangement , it 's just that they are really unaired to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it conduct a full-grown produce used to for someone like me with vauntingly workforce . 
0	this model does have the traditional central arrangement , it 's just that they are really finis to one another , and have unconventional contour , so it engage a swelled have victimised to for someone like me with big hands . 
0	The disadvantages of this camera is it has been having some trouble with its autofocus on a few occasional pictures, especially quick candid shots where you start up and shot as quick as you can. 
0	The disadvantages of this camera is it has been having some ail with its autofocus on a few occasional characterisation, peculiarly quick outspoken shots where you kickoff up and stroke as quickly as you can. 
0	The disadvantages of this camera is it has been having some disoblige with its autofocus on a few periodic impression, especially straightaway free-spoken stab where you start up and film as quick as you can. 
0	i bought 2 of this model for christmas presents and neither one of them work ! 
0	i bought 2 of this mannequin for Christmastime presents and neither ace of them work ! 
0	i bought two of this model for christmas acquaint and neither one of them study ! 
0	I downloaded this set from Norton, and within minutes my Internet connection failed and my PC was almost dead due to registry problems from the download.
0	1 downloaded this do from Norton, and within proceedings my Internet joining failed and my PC was almost suddenly due to registry problems from the download.
0	iodine downloaded this located from Norton, and within minutes my net connection neglect and my PC was well-nigh dead due to registry problems from the download.
1	 Connection to the device is so easy .
1	 Connection to the device is so comfortable .
1	 Connection to the device is so slow .
0	If you experience problems with installation, you can visit symantec's website, click the support tab, click the 'home or home office support' and there is an automated support assistant that can scan the Norton program files on your computer and it will tell you what is not working right and how to fix it.
0	If you experience problems with installation, you can visit symantec's website, click the back tablet, tick the 'home or base office support' and there is an automated stand assistant that can read the Norton program files on your computer and it will recount you what is not operate aright and how to prepare it.
0	If you experience problems with installation, you can visit symantec's website, click the corroborate tablet, click the 'national or internal bureau support' and there is an automated living assistant that can scan the Norton program files on your computer and it will enjoin you what is not knead decent and how to unsex it.
0	 Be prepared for a long wait -LRB- 30-45 minutes -RRB- , but the wait was worth it .
0	 Be train for a long delay -LRB- 30-45 bit -RRB- , but the wait was worth it .
0	 comprise educate for a long wait -LRB- 30-45 min -RRB- , but the wait was worth it .
1	The Micro has an impressive array of very nice features and a well designed user interface. 
1	The Micro has an telling array of very gracious boast and a well designed user interface. 
1	The micro has an impressive array of very nice sport and a wellspring designed user interface. 
1	this is an excellent player , especially for the price , with features that are comparable to and even excel the ipod . 
1	this is an excellent histrion , specially for the price , with features that are corresponding to and tied excel the ipod . 
1	this is an excellent musician , especially for the toll , with characteristic that are comparable to and level excel the ipod . 
0	BLUETOOTH DOES NOT WORK ON THIS PHONE.
0	BLUETOOTH DOES NOT WORK ON THIS earphone.
0	BLUETOOTH DOES NOT knead ON THIS PHONE.
0	Second might be a problem I might have with my PC but not too sure, when the player is connected on the USB and I start playing on it and also using the windows explorer, it sometimes pauses by itself and tries to synchronise with the PC during play, which is a bit irritating.     
0	Second mightiness be a trouble I might have with my PC but not too sure, when the thespian is affiliated on the USB and I commence encounter on it and also victimisation the windows explorer, it sometimes pauses by itself and assay to synchronise with the PC during diddle, which is a piece irritating.     
0	instant might be a trouble I might have with my PC but not too indisputable, when the player is connected on the USB and iodine start bet on it and also utilise the windows Explorer, it sometimes pauses by itself and effort to synchronise with the PC during wager, which is a bit painful.     
0	also , the lens cap design is flawed . 
0	also , the lens crown design is flawed . 
0	also , the lens roof design is flawed . 
1	 The full sized keyboard is sweet not to mention the aquamarine color .
1	 The full sized keyboard is scented not to mention the aquamarine colourize .
1	 The total sized keyboard is odorous not to mention the aquamarine color .
1	 This monitor works great .
1	 This monitor deeds great .
1	 This monitor exploit great .
1	this thing is great , i like to use it to pick up tough stains on my countertop and also to listen to my old 8-track records . 
1	this thing is bully , i like to utilisation it to pick up toughened grease on my countertop and also to listen to my old 8-track record . 
1	this thing is groovy , i like to employment it to plectrum up rowdy defile on my countertop and also to listen to my old 8-track records . 
1	i love this camera . 
1	i bed this camera . 
1	i dear this camera . 
0	Warning! The Windows "remove program" feature does not do a good job of this, and neither does Norton's own removal program.
0	Warning! The Windows "take program" characteristic does not do a beneficial speculate of this, and neither does Norton's own removal program.
0	monition! The Windows "murder program" feature does not do a honest speculate of this, and neither does Norton's own removal program.
0	also , the carrying case that came with mine covers up the display , so even though the side controls are reachable , i have to open it up to see the display . 
0	also , the carrying case that fare with mine cover up the display , so yet though the side restraint are reachable , i have to outdoors it up to understand the display . 
0	also , the conduct face that came with mine shroud up the display , so even though the side control are reachable , i have to capable it up to experience the display . 
1	If you are using Linux, and you want to use GPRS to connect to the net, I suggest this phone along with a Belkin USB Bluetooth adapter.
1	If you are habituate Linux, and you desire to use GPRS to relate to the network, ace suggest this phone along with a Belkin USB Bluetooth adapter.
1	If you are using Linux, and you wish to habituate GPRS to connect to the lucre, ane evoke this phone along with a Belkin USB Bluetooth adapter.
0	typically , the problem is the headphone jack -- it was for me and many others . 
0	typically , the job is the headphone diddly-squat -- it was for me and many others . 
0	typically , the job is the headphone diddlysquat -- it was for me and many others . 
0	They didn't know what the problem could be.
0	They didn't cognise what the problem could be.
0	They didn't jazz what the problem could be.
1	bottom line ... great product , unbeatable price . 
1	bottom billet ... great product , unbeatable price . 
1	bottom line ... majuscule product , unbeatable price . 
1	the mobile text messaging , chat , picture sharing etc. other nicities , that you would enjoy . 
1	the mobile text messaging , chat , image sharing etc. other nicities , that you would revel . 
1	the mobile text messaging , confab , exposure sharing etc. other nicities , that you would enjoy . 
0	Long reboots due to Norton taking FOREVER  to boot.
0	Long reboots due to Norton exact FOREVER  to boot.
0	Long reboots due to Norton taking eternally  to boot.
0	  * You can't turn the volume up very high, but I think this might be for health reasons. *
0	  * You can't ferment the volume up very heights, but I think this might be for health ground. *
0	  * You can't sprain the volume up very high-pitched, but I remember this might be for health reasons. *
0	One drop from a pocket or desktop, and it'd be a goner.  
0	single dip from a pocket or desktop, and it'd be a goner.  
0	unity dismiss from a pocket or desktop, and it'd be a goner.  
1	THIS ITEM IS EXCEPTIONAL I like the ease of use and it held the odor in great.
1	THIS ITEM IS EXCEPTIONAL I care the easiness of use and it arrest the odor in great.
1	THIS ITEM be EXCEPTIONAL I like the ease of habituate and it support the odor in great.
1	 As for iTunes, I don't find it to be as good as the Windows Media Player as a computer mp3 player, but it is good enough. 
1	 adenine for iTunes, I don't determine it to be as salutary as the Windows Media instrumentalist as a computer mp3 player, but it is soundly enough. 
1	 arsenic for iTunes, one don't witness it to be as good as the Windows Media Player as a computer mp3 participant, but it is dependable enough. 
1	 Pros: Large Hard Drive for the $$-- 20GB and 40GB are both affordable. 
1	 Pros: Large heavy repel for the $$-- 20GB and 40GB are both affordable. 
1	 Pros: Large intemperate force for the $$-- 20GB and 40GB are both affordable. 
0	My main complaints are that it should be deeper or wider as it doesn't even fit a smaller sized garbage bag.
0	My main complaints are that it should be deeper or spacious as it doesn't fifty-fifty agree a small sized garbage bag.
0	My primary complaints are that it should be cryptic or broad as it doesn't level fit a smaller sized garbage bag.
1	 The windows 7 premium is good -LRB- do n't recommend starter -RRB- and user friendly .
1	 The windows 7 premium is beneficial -LRB- do n't urge newbie -RRB- and user friendly .
1	 The windows 7 premium is well -LRB- do n't recommend entrant -RRB- and user favorable .
1	it seems to be working fine , but we 've not used it all that much . 
1	it look to be sour fine , but we 've not utilize it all that much . 
1	it seems to be knead okay , but we 've not practice it all that much . 
1	digital zoom is clear too...say you used all 3x optical zoom, try to do digital zoom then...just try not to shake the camera at all and you'll still get a clear good quality picture
1	digital zoom is readable too...say you used all 3x visual zoom, assay to do digital surge then...just try not to sway the camera at all and you'll tranquillise draw a clear good quality picture
1	digital zoom is sack too...say you victimized all 3x optical zoom, endeavor to do digital zoom then...just try not to shingle the camera at all and you'll hush stimulate a crystallize good quality picture
1	 An excellent product with excellent and typically superb Logitech production values .
1	 An excellent merchandise with fantabulous and typically superb Logitech production values .
1	 An excellent production with excellent and typically superb Logitech production appraise .
1	 As a final comment I am happy with the D-Link DIR-655 so far and my home wireless connections are smooth whether I 'm using my ASUS netbook or Apple iPad .
1	 angstrom a final comment I am happy with the D-Link DIR-655 so ALIR and my abode wireless connectedness are liquid whether I 'm habituate my ASUS netbook or Apple iPad .
1	 arsenic a last comment I am felicitous with the D-Link DIR-655 so far and my family wireless connections are tranquil whether I 'm using my ASUS netbook or apple iPad .
1	the signal to noise ratio ( the ratio of detectable , useful data to unusable garbage in , say , a radio wave ; a larger stn ratio is better ) is nice and high at 98 decibles , and it should be noted that apple refuses to release the stn ratio of any of the ipods . 
1	the signal to noise ratio ( the proportion of detectable , useful data to unserviceable garbage in , enunciate , a wireless waving ; a turgid stn ratio is considerably ) is gracious and high at 98 decibles , and it should be notice that apple refuses to unfreeze the stn ratio of any of the ipods . 
1	the signalize to randomness ratio ( the proportion of detectable , useful data to unusable garbage in , say , a radio flourish ; a declamatory stn ratio is right ) is courteous and richly at 98 decibles , and it should be noted that apple decline to spill the stn ratio of any of the ipods . 
1	Mine installed no problem (but I DID uninstall my Norton Anti-Virus 2002 & Personal Firewall 2002 first).
1	Mine establish no problem (but I serve uninstall my Norton Anti-Virus 2002 & Personal Firewall 2002 kickoff).
1	Mine installed no problem (but iodin fare uninstall my Norton Anti-Virus 2002 & Personal Firewall 2002 firstly).
0	3 ) the case hides the display - you have to open it to see what you are doing . 
0	3 ) the event hides the display - you have to opened it to hear what you are doing . 
0	3 ) the suit hides the exhibit - you have to open it to envision what you are doing . 
1	It has a cardboard slip cover with a nice layered box casing inside.  
1	It has a cardboard slip underwrite with a skillful layered box casing inside.  
1	It has a cardboard solecism screen with a nice layered box casing inside.  
0	I have overall been disappointed with Nokia in the past, finding that Samsung and Motorola tended to have better quality phones.
0	1 have overall been disappointed with Nokia in the past, discover that Samsung and Motorola tend to have better prize phones.
0	I have overall been disappointed with Nokia in the by, finding that Samsung and Motorola tended to have secure timbre call.
0	Symantec should give us all a refund and apology!
0	Symantec should devote us all a refund and apology!
0	Symantec should sacrifice us all a refund and apology!
1	I can keep one hand on my baby and dump the diaper at the same time, it is that simple.
1	I can livelihood one handwriting on my infant and dump the diaper at the same time, it is that unproblematic.
1	I can retain ane hand on my child and dump the diaper at the same time, it is that unproblematic.
1	sound : exceptional , though i can 't really compare it to the ipod . 
1	sound : prodigious , though i can 't genuinely compare it to the ipod . 
1	voice : exceptional , though i can 't really compare it to the iPod . 
0	the two limitations i knew i would have to deal with are the very long lag time before it focus-locks ( even in bright light ) , and the unsatisfactory light quality of the built-in flash . 
0	the two limitations i knew i would have to deal with are the very recollective meanwhile time before it focus-locks ( fifty-fifty in bright luminosity ) , and the unsatisfactory lightheaded quality of the built-in newsflash . 
0	the two limitations i knew i would have to mickle with are the very long incarcerate metre before it focus-locks ( even in bright loose ) , and the unsatisfactory spark quality of the built-in heartbeat . 
1	silverish color really adds a special touch . 
1	silverish color really ADD a special touch . 
1	silverish color really adds a special spot . 
0	the only thing i do n't like about this is the cover does suck . 
0	the only thing i do n't comparable about this is the cover does breastfeed . 
0	the only thing i do n't like about this is the track does breastfeed . 
1	the phone is very light weight . 
1	the earpiece is very light weight . 
1	the phone is very unaccented weight . 
0	you 're going to need to buy new headphones , the stock ones suck 
0	you 're going to need to bargain new headphones , the gunstock ones suck 
0	you 're going to need to bargain new headphones , the stockpile ones suck 
1	just want a wireless router for home or your very small business, you can just get a WRT54G from here and configure it. 
1	just want a tuner router for internal or your very small clientele, you can just scram a WRT54G from here and configure it. 
1	just wish a wireless router for menage or your very small byplay, you can just drive a WRT54G from here and configure it. 
1	i am very pleased with this product and the price to match and have n't had any problems . 
1	i am very please with this product and the terms to mates and have n't had any problems . 
1	i am very pleased with this product and the toll to pit and have n't had any problem . 
1	the canon g3 gives tons of control for photo buffs but still has an " auto " mode that makes it very easy for the novice to use . 
1	the canon g3 gift tons of control for pic buffs but tranquillize has an " auto " mode that earn it very tardily for the novice to use . 
1	the canon g3 gives tons of control for photo furbish but relieve has an " auto " mode that ca-ca it very loose for the novice to practice . 
1	But it; you won't regret it.     
1	But it; you won't repent it.     
1	But it; you won't rue it.     
1	you can create playlists , drag & drop songs and playlists to your player , and rip directly from cd to your player . 
1	you can create playlists , draw & drib songs and playlists to your player , and rip directly from CD to your histrion . 
1	you can create playlists , draw & flatten Sung and playlists to your player , and rip directly from cd to your thespian . 
0	apex sucks ! 
0	apex draw ! 
0	apex wet-nurse ! 
0	 material is on the cheap side .
0	 material is on the flash side .
0	 material is on the tinny side .
1	the menus are easy to navigate and the buttons are easy to use . 
1	the carte are leisurely to navigate and the buttons are easy to use . 
1	the menus are sluttish to navigate and the buttons are sluttish to use . 
0	i gave it only 3 stars due to the fact that the 1st one broke when i dropped it from a fairly short distance ( less than 2 ft ) . 
0	i make it only ternary stars due to the fact that the 1st unrivalled damp when i unload it from a fairly short distance ( less than 2 ft ) . 
0	i return it only 3 stars due to the fact that the 1st matchless give when i dropped it from a moderately curt distance ( less than 2 ft ) . 
1	Getting the router setup in a "vanilla" configuration that works for 99% of users was very easy, and I was able to do this no problem.
1	arrest the router setup in a "vanilla" constellation that employment for 99% of users was very wanton, and single was able to do this no problem.
1	bring the router setup in a "vanilla" configuration that act for ninety-nine% of users was very easily, and I was able to do this no trouble.
1	I enjoy getting use to the touch pad. 
1	I enjoy dumbfound use to the touch pad. 
1	I enjoy getting use to the disturb pad. 
1	The size is tiny, which I love.
1	The size is midget, which I love.
1	The sizing is tiny, which I love.
0	The best thing to do with this version, is to leave it on the store shelf. It doesn't work, and will cost you an enormous amount of your time, not to mention your hard earned dollars.
0	The good thing to do with this variation, is to will it on the store shelf. It doesn't operate, and will cost you an enormous measure of your time, not to mention your tough garner dollars.
0	The proficient thing to do with this edition, is to exit it on the fund shelf. It doesn't lick, and will cost you an enormous amount of your time, not to note your concentrated earned dollars.
0	this makes no sense and sort of defeats the purpose of audio bookmarks .. . 
0	this build no sense and sort of defeats the aim of audio bookmarks .. . 
0	this build no sense and sort of defeats the purport of audio bookmarks .. . 
1	For a sleeker, smaller and more "average" MP3 player the Nitrus is great but the iPod blows it out of the water - the interface is great and the design is wonderful.
1	For a sleeker, lowly and more "mean" MP3 musician the Nitrus is great but the iPod spoil it out of the piss - the interface is gravid and the design is wonderful.
1	For a sleeker, smaller and more "mediocre" MP3 player the Nitrus is keen but the iPod boast it out of the irrigate - the interface is capital and the intention is wonderful.
0	My last simpler Nokia started right up and was immediately ready for use.
0	My last elementary Nokia go right up and was immediately ready for use.
0	My utmost simpler Nokia jump right up and was immediately ready for use.
1	but , then again , the ringer can be so loud that i heard it ringing inside my office , when i was already out on the street .. . 
1	but , then again , the ringer can be so aloud that i listen it reverberate indoors my agency , when i was already out on the street .. . 
1	but , then again , the toller can be so brassy that i heard it plangency privileged my spot , when i was already out on the street .. . 
0	They are a royal pain to install, and don't function properly once finally installed -- if you can install them at all.
0	They are a imperial annoyance to install, and don't function decent once finally install -- if you can install them at all.
0	They are a royal botheration to install, and don't subroutine properly once last instal -- if you can install them at all.
1	It's easy to use (just a flip of the lid, and the diaper is gone!).
1	It's easy to utilisation (just a riff of the lid, and the diaper is bygone!).
1	It's light to use (just a sky of the lid, and the diaper is lead!).
0	8mb for a camera like this is a joke . 
0	8mb for a camera corresponding this is a joke . 
0	8mb for a camera wish this is a joke . 
1	I must say, I think this is the coolest camera I've ever  owned!
1	I moldiness say, I think this is the coolest camera I've ever  own!
1	I must say, I opine this is the coolest camera I've always  owned!
1	A Sony Ericcson may be the phone for you... but good luck finding one w/ all the features & such a competitive price.
1	A Sony Ericcson may be the phone for you... but adept luck regain unmatched w/ all the features & such a competitory price.
1	ampere Sony Ericcson may be the phone for you... but upright luck encounter one w/ all the characteristic & such a competitive price.
1	the software is great . 
1	the software is big . 
1	the software is enceinte . 
0	i have excellent hearing but the volume level on this phone is especially quiet . 
0	i have excellent hearing but the volume raze on this phone is especially smooth . 
0	i have first-class hearing but the volume level on this ring is especially quiet . 
1	You won't need to update your firewall and antivirus separately or install two disks.
1	You won't need to update your firewall and antivirus separately or instal 2 disks.
1	You won't take to update your firewall and antivirus separately or instal two disks.
1	for the most part this is a good dvd player . 
1	for the most division this is a sound dvd player . 
1	for the most part this is a good DVD instrumentalist . 
1	The camera and video functionality is decent, I can't see myself wasting my time with it, but some people will.
1	The camera and video functionality is decent, I can't examine myself macerate my meter with it, but some masses will.
1	The camera and video functionality is decent, ane can't find myself neutralise my time with it, but some citizenry will.
1	overall : small , sounds great , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod ! 
1	overall : modest , sounds gravid , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod ! 
1	overall : small , vocalise heavy , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod ! 
1	speaker phone quality is good, and poping in a 512mb MMC card, it rocks !
1	speaker phone timbre is soundly, and poping in a 512mb MMC card, it rocks !
1	speaker telephone quality is honest, and poping in a 512mb MMC card, it rocks !
0	the main problem with the nomad jukebox zen xtra 30 gb is the software . 
0	the main trouble with the nomad jukebox zen xtra 30 gibibyte is the software . 
0	the master problem with the nomad jukebox zen xtra 30 G is the software . 
1	 The computer direct processing and shipping was outrageously fast .
1	 The computer direct processing and send was outrageously fast .
1	 The computer place processing and shipping was outrageously fast .
0	they have a whole bunch of devices that all have the same-sounding name ( and they are long ) . 
0	they have a totally bunch of devices that all have the same-sounding diagnose ( and they are foresightful ) . 
0	they have a unanimous caboodle of devices that all have the same-sounding name ( and they are retentive ) . 
1	I take a lot of pictures and this camera is my first choice. 
1	I aim a lot of flick and this camera is my first choice. 
1	I take a lot of pictures and this camera is my world-class prize. 
1	what this plug-in reveals is the truly stunning quality of the raw g3 hardware . 
1	what this board reveals is the genuinely stunning quality of the raw g3 hardware . 
1	what this plug-in divulge is the truly stunning timbre of the raw g3 hardware . 
1	it has many great features and very few bad ones . 
1	it has many great features and very few uncollectible ace . 
1	it has many great features and very few unfit ace . 
1	it does have a lense cap , but it wo n't let you take pics with it on which is real good . 
1	it does have a lense cap , but it wo n't allow you ingest pics with it on which is literal practiced . 
1	it does have a lense hood , but it wo n't Lashkar-e-Toiba you fill pics with it on which is real serious . 
1	working for 10 hours with it on " shuffle " totally rocks ! ! 
1	act for 10 hours with it on " shuffle " totally rock'n'roll ! ! 
1	wreak for 10 hours with it on " shuffle " whole rocks ! ! 
1	 Things are much more distinct , and I do n't have to strain my eyes and squint when I am trying to read something on the screen -LRB- like I had to do with my clunky old monitor -RRB- .
1	 Things are much more distinct , and I do n't have to melody my eyes and squint when single am hear to register something on the screen -LRB- like iodin had to do with my ungainly sometime monitor -RRB- .
1	 Things are much more trenchant , and I do n't have to strain my centre and squint when I am strain to interpret something on the screen -LRB- wish iodine had to do with my ungainly old monitor -RRB- .
1	A distinct IPod relation is evident with white colored cables, power plug and the very nice Zen case with a white rubber inside covering.  
1	A distinct IPod relation is evident with ashen colored cablegram, power plug and the very skillful Zen case with a flannel rubber inside covering.  
1	A distinct IPod relation is evident with white distort cables, mogul plug and the very nice Zen caseful with a ovalbumin rubber inside covering.  
1	The speed is the same as dail up, where i live we do not have wifi everywhere so this is my version of it until we catch up.
1	The amphetamine is the same as dail up, where i live we do not have WiFi everyplace so this is my interpretation of it until we watch up.
1	The hie is the same as dail up, where i alive we do not have WLAN everywhere so this is my translation of it until we enamor up.
1	I, as many others, have waited for many years for the convergence of price, features, size and ease of use to hit that happy center point.
1	1, as many others, have waited for many years for the convergence of damage, features, size and ease of enjoyment to striking that happy eye point.
1	ace, as many others, have expect for many years for the convergence of price, features, size and ease of manipulation to hit that happy heart maneuver.
1	Also If you want a device that does soo much more than the Ipod mini but is at the same price, this is the player for you. 
1	also If you desire a gimmick that does soo lots more than the Ipod mini but is at the same toll, this is the player for you. 
1	too If you deficiency a device that does soo practically more than the Ipod mini but is at the same cost, this is the thespian for you. 
1	SOUND QUALITY: The iPod's sound quality is pretty good.
1	SOUND QUALITY: The iPod's level-headed quality is pretty good.
1	level-headed QUALITY: The iPod's sound quality is pretty good.
0	5 ) this apex model 2600 will not work with my universal remote control . 
0	5 ) this acme model 2600 will not work with my universal remote moderate . 
0	pentad ) this apex model 2600 will not work with my universal remote curb . 
1	No need to pay for the special refills that the other brands require!
1	No need to devote for the special refills that the other trademark require!
1	No pauperism to pay for the special refills that the other brands expect!
1	I highly recommend this!
1	1 highly recommend this!
1	single highly recommend this!
0	 WITHOUT having to go through the netgear genie tool through the ISP and taking all the extra steps would be far better .
0	 WITHOUT having to extend through the netgear genie tool through the ISP and convey all the surplus steps would be far skillful .
0	 WITHOUT having to run through the netgear genie pecker through the ISP and taking all the extra footfall would be far unspoilt .
1	extremely convenient . 
1	extremely commodious . 
1	super convenient . 
0	because the "engineers" at Creative screwed up the design of the headphone jack. 
0	because the "engineers" at Creative bonk up the design of the earpiece jack. 
0	because the "engineers" at Creative screw up the pattern of the headphone jack. 
0	also the feature to automatically put in the song information is n't always accurate . 
0	also the feature to automatically assign in the song information is n't invariably accurate . 
0	too the feature to automatically put in the song information is n't constantly accurate . 
1	The package also comes with a USB cable, an AC adapter, a pair of headphones (they're okay until you get a better pair), a stand, and a microfiber pouch to carry your Zen Touch in.  
1	The package also come with a USB cable, an AC adapter, a geminate of headphones (they're okay until you nonplus a proficient twosome), a stand, and a microfiber pouch to carry your Elvis adjoin in.  
1	The package also comes with a USB cable, an AC arranger, a pair of headphones (they're okay until you vex a right duo), a stand, and a microfiber pouch to transport your battery-acid jot in.  
1	I am very pleased with my purchase.
1	ane am very pleased with my purchase.
1	i am very pleased with my purchase.
1	 The color is red and is so attractive !!
1	 The color is violent and is so attractive !!
1	 The colorise is red and is so attractive !!
1	the phone book is very user-friendly and the speakerphone is excellent . 
1	the call script is very user-friendly and the speakerphone is excellent . 
1	the phone record is very user-friendly and the speakerphone is first-class . 
0	some of the higher pitched rings are very easy to hear , but not easy to listen to . 
0	some of the higher pitched reverberate are very well-heeled to hear , but not sluttish to listen to . 
0	some of the higher pitched rings are very easily to hear , but not slowly to heed to . 
1	Everything else about the ipod is great, the click wheel is very easy to use and so is the software that comes with it.
1	Everything else about the ipod is outstanding, the click wheel is very well-fixed to utilise and so is the software that hail with it.
1	Everything else about the ipod is peachy, the dawn wheel is very easily to use and so is the software that number with it.
1	what got me to buy was the reviewer that said it would play dvd-rs fill of files ( e. , mp3s ) . 
1	what got me to buy was the reviewer that aforesaid it would playact dvd-rs fill of files ( E. , mp3s ) . 
1	what stupefy me to bargain was the reviewer that said it would play dvd-rs fill of charge ( e. , mp3s ) . 
1	this is quite simply the best you can ask for . 
1	this is quite simply the full you can need for . 
1	this is quite simply the ripe you can postulate for . 
0	Another problem is that the latest 2.0 firmware upgrade moves you into Windows Media Player 10 which seems to be very, very slow for downloads.  charging[-2] ##Also note that it doesn't seem to charge when connected to the PC, only when plugged into an AC socket even though they both connect to the single USB port on the player, so you have to charge the battery separately from downloading music.     
0	Another problem is that the latest 2.cipher firmware promote run you into Windows metier Player 10 which seems to be very, very slacken for downloads.  accuse[-2] ##Also note that it doesn't seem to load when associate to the PC, only when plug into an AC socket eventide though they both connect to the unmarried USB port on the histrion, so you have to file the battery singly from downloading music.     
0	Another problem is that the up-to-the-minute 2.0 firmware upgrade move you into Windows sensitive Player 10 which seems to be very, very slow for downloads.  point[-2] ##Also remark that it doesn't appear to cathexis when colligate to the PC, only when plugged into an AC socket eventide though they both unite to the I USB larboard on the player, so you have to blame the shelling separately from downloading music.     
0	This phone doesn't include Phone card calling.
0	This phone doesn't include Phone card career.
0	This phone doesn't include Phone wag calling.
1	if you use software correctly , put in all the id3 tags , you will get an awesome database collection , from which you can easily access your songs . 
1	if you employment package correctly , put in all the id3 dog , you will incur an amazing database collection , from which you can easily access your songs . 
1	if you utilization software correctly , put in all the id3 tags , you will aim an awesome database aggregation , from which you can easily approach your strain . 
0	Its size makes holding it steady for long a bit of a challenge (not enough camera body to grip with more than your finger tips).
0	Its size makes belongings it stabilise for tenacious a bit of a challenge (not decent camera body to suitcase with more than your finger tips).
0	Its size pretend keeping it steady for long a bit of a challenge (not enough camera trunk to clutch with more than your finger backsheesh).
1	Perhaps I bought the Micro to be different, the cheaper price tag (from Amazon), the design, or avoiding the high iPod theft in NYC subways. 
1	Perhaps I bought the Micro to be different, the sleazy price tag (from Amazon), the figure, or quash the mellow iPod stealing in NYC subways. 
1	peradventure ane bribe the Micro to be different, the cheaper cost tag (from Amazon), the design, or avert the high iPod theft in NYC subways. 
1	So far I have no complaints with this player. 
1	So FAR I have no complaints with this player. 
1	So far ane have no complaints with this player. 
0	the remote is okay , but i am not a fan of remotes with tiny buttons . 
0	the outside is approve , but i am not a fan of remotes with bantam buttons . 
0	the remote is OK , but i am not a winnow of remotes with tiny clitoris . 
0	 I unplugged it , plugged it back in , and the power supply failed .
0	 I unplugged it , plugged it back in , and the king provide failed .
0	 I unplugged it , plugged it backward in , and the power provision failed .
1	i 'm really happy with this purchase . 
1	i 'm real happy with this purchase . 
1	i 'm truly happy with this purchase . 
1	i am extremely satisfied with this camera . 
1	i am extremely fill with this camera . 
1	i am extremely quenched with this camera . 
1	The dual anteanna is a plus and the design is slick.   
1	The dual anteanna is a plus and the conception is slipperiness.   
1	The dual anteanna is a plus and the invention is sleek.   
1	3 it is very compact but the controls are so well designed that they 're still easy to use . 
1	3 it is very compact but the ascertain are so well intentional that they 're tranquillise easy to use . 
1	iii it is very compact but the controls are so good designed that they 're still easy to usage . 
0	This fixes some glitches such as the player freezing.    
0	This desex some glitches such as the player freezing.    
0	This prepare some glitches such as the player freezing.    
0	 The hard drive I had attached to the USB port was sometimes accessible , sometimes not .
0	 The heavily drive I had attach to the USB port was sometimes approachable , sometimes not .
0	 The toilsome aim I had connected to the USB port was sometimes accessible , sometimes not .
0	Otherwise, get a smaller single speed router, which will be much easier to use freehand and is all you need for smaller diameter bits.
0	Otherwise, drive a smaller single hurry router, which will be much easier to use freehand and is all you involve for smaller diameter bit.
0	Otherwise, pose a smaller single hotfoot router, which will be much easier to role freehand and is all you require for smaller diameter bits.
0	Like most of their solutions (which first blame other applications for errors), the tech persons line was that this was probably a Microsoft error - it was NOT.
0	Like most of their solutions (which world-class charge other application for errors), the tech persons parentage was that this was probably a Microsoft error - it was not.
0	Like most of their solvent (which beginning charge other applications for errors), the tech somebody wrinkle was that this was probably a Microsoft error - it was NOT.
1	9 ) wake-up feature that allows you to set up the player to wake up and play selected music at a specified time . 
1	9 ) wake-up feature that allows you to prepare up the histrion to wake up and maneuver selected music at a assign time . 
1	9 ) wake-up feature that let you to adjust up the player to rouse up and play selected music at a specialize time . 
1	getting files onto it is quick and painless . 
1	generate files onto it is quick and painless . 
1	getting files onto it is immediate and painless . 
0	It barely holds anything and mine just puts a bunch of thread fuzzies all over the player, because the bag is cheap and seems to be coming apart.  
0	It barely harbour anything and mine just place a bunch of thread fuzzies all over the player, because the suitcase is bum and appear to be coming apart.  
0	It barely take anything and mine just puts a bunch of ribbon fuzzies all over the musician, because the bag is sleazy and seems to be do apart.  
0	 Assembly is a little awkward because the drawings are n't that great .
0	 Assembly is a fiddling unenviable because the drawings are n't that great .
0	 Assembly is a little inapt because the drawings are n't that slap-up .
1	With one of the most intuitive user-interfaces around, seamless bluetooth sync with Microsoft Outlook, support for thousands of applications for the Symbian platform which this phone runs on (I own the IR Remote, ICQ and a few others), the Nokia 6600 is all of the above - one of the few phones from T-Mobile that can claim such a distinction.
1	With peerless of the most intuitive user-interfaces around, seamless bluetooth sync with Microsoft mind-set, subscribe for thousands of lotion for the Symbian chopine which this ring melt on (unity own the IR outback, ICQ and a few others), the Nokia 6600 is all of the above - unrivalled of the few phones from T-Mobile that can take such a distinction.
1	With unmatched of the most intuitive user-interfaces around, seamless bluetooth sync with Microsoft mentality, sustain for chiliad of application for the Symbian platform which this phone endure on (iodin own the Ir outback, ICQ and a few others), the Nokia 6600 is all of the above - nonpareil of the few phones from T-Mobile that can take such a distinction.
0	 halfway through the firmware upgrade progress bar , the infamous browser `` Page not found '' screen replaced most of the router 's interface .
0	 halfway through the firmware upgrade advance banish , the infamous browser `` Page not receive '' sort replaced most of the router 's interface .
0	 middle through the firmware upgrade progress prevention , the infamous browser `` Page not institute '' covert replaced most of the router 's interface .
0	- no propietary headset jack 
0	- no propietary headset diddly 
0	- no propietary headset jackstones 
1	 I do n't want to be a sensationalist but this computer is incredible .
1	 I do n't lack to be a sensationalist but this computer is unbelievable .
1	 i do n't deprivation to be a sensationalist but this computer is incredible .
1	The accesories that come with the player are great. 
1	The accesories that come with the participant are great. 
1	The accesories that come with the player are peachy. 
1	i just purchased this phone and i think this is the coolest phone i ever had . 
1	i just purchased this earphone and i intend this is the nerveless phone i ever had . 
1	i just purchased this headphone and i intend this is the coolest phone i always had . 
1	I just upgraded to the Linksys WRT54G Wireless-G router last month and I am very happy with the quality of the product.  
1	I just elevate to the Linksys WRT54G Wireless-G router last month and ane am very well-chosen with the select of the product.  
1	ane just advance to the Linksys WRT54G Wireless-G router lowest month and I am very happy with the lineament of the product.  
1	I've owned many Norton products in my time, and for the most part, I've been pleased with their performance.
1	I've own many Norton products in my clip, and for the most function, I've been pleased with their performance.
1	I've owned many Norton production in my metre, and for the most break, I've been pleased with their performance.
1	I could probably use a trash can and be ok at this point, but this prduct seems to work very well so far.
1	I could probably use a tripe can and be ok at this channelize, but this prduct seems to workplace very advantageously so far.
1	ane could probably function a trash can and be ok at this taper, but this prduct seems to ferment very well so far.
1	Whether you are using disposable or cloth diapers, this is the truly the only diaper pail to get!
1	Whether you are using disposable or cloth diapers, this is the really the only diaper pailful to induce!
1	Whether you are using disposable or cloth diapers, this is the rightfully the only diaper pailful to grow!
1	- sound quality : excellent , everything you would expect from this company . 
1	- good quality : excellent , everything you would expect from this party . 
1	- sound quality : first-class , everything you would expect from this party . 
1	in all fairness , customer reps are very nice , and they ( most of them ) try hard to answer your questions . 
1	in all equity , customer reps are very nice , and they ( most of them ) hear hard to respond your questions . 
1	in all fairness , customer reps are very nice , and they ( most of them ) endeavour heavy to do your questions . 
1	so far the software for the pc works easily . 
1	so Interahamwe the software for the pc works easily . 
1	so far the software for the pc turn easily . 
0	Sometimes a suite is not a good deal and all you get is a bundle of headaches.
0	Sometimes a cortege is not a good administer and all you bring is a bundle of headaches.
0	Sometimes a suite is not a good mickle and all you flummox is a cluster of headaches.
1	when i 1st tried it i found that it had no problem playing the more expensive dvd - r media disc 's that other players would play but to my surprise was able to play cheep media that i had burned that i could n't get to work before in anything but the dvd burner itself that i had made the disc with . 
1	when i 1st strain it i bump that it had no problem playacting the more expensive videodisk - r spiritualist disc 's that other players would wager but to my surprise was able to dally cheep media that i had sunburn that i could n't perplex to mould before in anything but the dvd burner itself that i had produce the saucer with . 
1	when i 1st try it i constitute that it had no job play the more expensive DVD - r media disc 's that other players would spiel but to my storm was able to gaming cheep media that i had burned that i could n't acquire to wreak before in anything but the dvd burner itself that i had induce the record with . 
1	with a quick spin of the dial you can select shutter priority ( for high speed subjects ) , aperture priority ( for focal length ) or full program mode where the camera selects both for ideal photo quality . 
1	with a flying tailspin of the dial you can prize shutter priority ( for high hotfoot subjects ) , aperture priority ( for focal length ) or full program mode where the camera selects both for paragon photo timber . 
1	with a prompt spin of the dial you can select shutter priority ( for high swiftness subjects ) , aperture priority ( for focal length ) or good curriculum style where the camera selects both for ideal picture quality . 
1	longer battery life , greater accessibility to online music services , and pc compatibility are the sensibilities . 
1	farsighted battery life , outstanding accessibility to online music overhaul , and pc compatibility are the sensibilities . 
1	longer battery life-time , smashing approachability to online music services , and pc compatibility are the sensibilities . 
0	When I finally got it working, it only worked properly for many a month.
0	When 1 finally produce it working, it only worked properly for many a month.
0	When I finally make it exercise, it only worked properly for many a month.
1	 The woofer is much larger .
1	 The woofer is much bombastic .
1	 The woofer is often larger .
1	I was an early purchaser of the WRT54G, and had a few problems with stability and speed - finally, the March 03 firmware update has resulted in an excellent product!
1	1 was an early purchaser of the WRT54G, and had a few problems with stability and hurrying - last, the marchland 03 firmware update has leave in an excellent product!
1	iodine was an early purchaser of the WRT54G, and had a few problems with stability and amphetamine - finally, the process 03 microcode update has resulted in an excellent intersection!
0	 Its annoying when you pay $ 100 + for a router and it does n't work as it is supposed straight out of the box !
0	 Its annoy when you devote $ 100 + for a router and it does n't knead as it is think straight out of the box !
0	 Its vexing when you pay $ 100 + for a router and it does n't cultivate as it is think straightaway out of the box !
0	although i find it more convenient to use 1-touch dialing , this phone does not have voice dialing . 
0	although i discover it more convenient to utilise 1-touch dialing , this phone does not have vocalization dialing . 
0	although i uncovering it more commodious to exercise 1-touch dialing , this phone does not have voice dialing . 
0	i just bought one and returned it as defective for good reason . 
0	i just bought one and recall it as defective for dear reason . 
0	i just bought single and returned it as defective for beneficial reason . 
0	Solid food poop is VERY STINKY and this diaper pail doesn't really contain the smell.
0	Solid nutrient poop is real STINKY and this diaper pail doesn't very contain the smell.
0	square food poop is VERY ill-smelling and this diaper pail doesn't real contain the smell.
1	the sound quality is very good . 
1	the level-headed quality is very good . 
1	the sound quality is very skilful . 
1	The Ipod is a fine cousin to the early macs and current offerings from Jobs and Company. 
1	The Ipod is a hunky-dory cousin to the early mac and current offerings from task and Company. 
1	The iPod is a fine cousin to the early macs and flow offerings from chore and Company. 
0	It's perfect for those who aren't planning on storing tons of music. 
0	It's perfect for those who aren't planning on storing scads of medicine. 
0	It's stark for those who aren't planning on storing lots of music. 
0	it is more than 90 days and it does not show the picture no matter what i do . 
0	it is more than 90 days and it does not shew the word-painting no thing what i do . 
0	it is more than 90 daytime and it does not evince the pic no matter what i do . 
0	the scroll button is overly sensitive at times ; not sensitive enough at others . 
0	the gyre button is overly sensitive at meter ; not sensitive enough at others . 
0	the scroll button is overly sensible at metre ; not sensitive enough at others . 
1	this camera is closest to perfect than any other digicam that is 4-5 megapixel . 
1	this camera is skinny to utter than any other digicam that is 4-5 megapixel . 
1	this camera is unaired to double-dyed than any other digicam that is 4-5 megapixel . 
0	3) The lack of an intermediate resolution setting, as other reviewers have suggested, is a problem, but that problem is meaningless with a larger CompactFlash memory card
0	3) The lack of an average solving localise, as other reviewers have propose, is a problem, but that problem is meaningless with a larger CompactFlash memory add-in
0	III) The lack of an intermediate declaration plant, as other reviewers have intimate, is a problem, but that problem is meaningless with a great CompactFlash memory card
1	it is a great phone , if you are traveling all over the world , packed with wonderful features . 
1	it is a big phone , if you are traveling all over the earth , carry with wonderful features . 
1	it is a large phone , if you are traveling all over the planetary , jam with wonderful features . 
1	even viewed cds full of jpgs . 
1	regular viewed cds full of jpgs . 
1	still viewed cds full of jpgs . 
0	Even when I set it to low, it's still very hard for me to adjust the player to where and what I want it to do.  
0	Even when iodin coif it to blue, it's still very tough for me to adjust the player to where and what one want it to do.  
0	level when I solidifying it to broken, it's unruffled very grueling for me to adjust the player to where and what I want it to do.  
0	 Since it would not work as advertised I called support .
0	 Since it would not mold as advertised I called living .
0	 Since it would not work as advertised iodine squall support .
1	i think , apex is the best dvd player you can get for the price . 
1	i suppose , apex is the best dvd player you can acquire for the price . 
1	i think , apex is the respectable dvd player you can generate for the price . 
1	Long live Apple, long live Macs, and long live the Ipod!     
1	Long live Apple, recollective live Macs, and long resilient the Ipod!     
1	long live Apple, long live Macs, and retentive live the Ipod!     
1	with all its complicated features , the menus are easily accessible and the quality of the features is great . 
1	with all its complicated characteristic , the menus are easily accessible and the choice of the features is smashing . 
1	with all its complicated features , the menus are well accessible and the prime of the features is gravid . 
1	feels solid in hand . 
1	feel solid in hand . 
1	flavor solid in hand . 
1	this is wonderful to have for your first dvd player . 
1	this is wonderful to have for your first videodisk participant . 
1	this is wonderful to have for your low DVD player . 
0	door broke after a month . 
0	door burst after a month . 
0	door unwrap after a month . 
0	on several different occasions it has displayed " no disc " with a disc inside . 
0	on several different occasions it has displayed " no disc " with a saucer inner . 
0	on several unlike occasions it has displayed " no disc " with a disc inner . 
0	the dynamic playlists ( " now playing " , i belive creative calls it ) feels very awkward at times and some menus simply take to long to get to and operate .. . 
0	the dynamic playlists ( " now playing " , i belive creative holler it ) sense very awkward at metre and some menus simply take to recollective to bring to and operate .. . 
0	the dynamic playlists ( " now playing " , i belive originative yell it ) feels very awkward at metre and some menus but take to long to scram to and operate .. . 
1	We empty ours every day and we have never had an odors from it!
1	We empty ours every day and we have ne'er had an odour from it!
1	We empty ours every daylight and we have never had an odour from it!
1	 The speakers themselves sound really good .
1	 The speakers themselves sound really honorable .
1	 The speakers themselves sound really proficient .
1	 Though it does n't have quite the screen real estate , it 's an excellent monitor and crystal clear at a resolution of 1920x1080 .
1	 Though it does n't have quite the covert veridical estate , it 's an excellent monitor and crystal sack at a firmness of 1920x1080 .
1	 Though it does n't have quite the test veridical acres , it 's an fantabulous monitor and crystal clear at a resolution of 1920x1080 .
1	And also, since it is tri band and since it uses SIM-card, you can just use it in Europe and many other parts of the world, wherever GSM exists.
1	And also, since it is tri striation and since it uses SIM-card, you can just apply it in Europe and many other voice of the planetary, wherever GSM exist.
1	And also, since it is tri stripe and since it utilization SIM-card, you can just practice it in Europe and many other share of the reality, wherever GSM exists.
1	it has a beautiful design , lots of features , very easy to use , very configurable and customizable , and the battery duration is amazing ! 
1	it has a beautiful design , allot of features , very light to purpose , very configurable and customizable , and the battery duration is awesome ! 
1	it has a beautiful design , slews of features , very slowly to use , very configurable and customizable , and the shelling duration is puzzle ! 
0	We also had a problem with diaper wipes getting caught when the top was flipped.
0	We also had a problem with diaper wipes come enchant when the height was flipped.
0	We also had a problem with diaper wipes engender caught when the pinch was flip-flop.
1	1. Record around 1 hour of video with Phillips Camcorder Pro.
1	1. Record around one hour of telecasting with Phillips Camcorder Pro.
1	1. read around ane hour of video with Phillips Camcorder Pro.
0	software - the software is crap . 
0	software - the software is bullshit . 
0	software - the software is stool . 
0	 You ca n't , that `` upgrade '' is irreversible .
0	 You California n't , that `` upgrade '' is irreversible .
0	 You ca n't , that `` raise '' is irreversible .
1	i use it for ripping cds , which it does a pretty good job of . 
1	i use it for ripping cadmium , which it does a pretty well job of . 
1	i use it for ripping cds , which it does a reasonably good speculate of . 
0	when the player was working it was great ,but . 
0	when the player was mould it was great ,but . 
0	when the player was process it was great ,but . 
1	Not only is it much more cost effective (you can use regular trash bags rather than Refills at $5 a pop), it is easier to use and clean, and has a larger capacity.
1	Not only is it much more cost effective (you can practice habitue trash bag rather than Refills at $5 a pop), it is easier to habit and uncontaminating, and has a bombastic capacity.
1	Not only is it much more cost effective (you can use regular ice pocket rather than Refills at $5 a tonic), it is comfortable to use and clean-living, and has a heavy capacity.
1	considering the price and specs , this might be the best buy out there for a large memory mp3 player . 
1	considering the price and specs , this mightiness be the better buy out there for a declamatory memory mp3 player . 
1	take the cost and specs , this might be the considerably buy out there for a large memory mp3 player . 
1	 The switch negotiated the speed just fine and presented the router with a GigE link .
1	 The flip negotiated the rush just okay and presented the router with a GigE link .
1	 The switching negotiated the speed just fine and confront the router with a GigE liaison .
1	The Zen plays mp3, wma and wave formats, which makes it more versatile than the Ipod. 
1	The Zen bid mp3, wma and Wave formats, which prepare it more versatile than the Ipod. 
1	The dot represent mp3, wma and wave formats, which attain it more versatile than the Ipod. 
0	1 ) fragile ( i broke the 1st one within 10 days ) 
0	1 ) fragile ( i part the 1st I within 10 days ) 
0	one ) fragile ( i recrudesce the 1st one within 10 days ) 
1	 Sharp , crisp images .
1	 Sharp , crisp fancy .
1	 needlelike , crisp images .
1	 This item was the most inexpensive 17 inch monitor available to me at the time I made the purchase .
1	 This item was the most inexpensive 17 inch Monitor available to me at the time unity stimulate the purchase .
1	 This item was the most inexpensive 17 inch admonisher available to me at the time unity earn the purchase .
1	i experimented with online print ordering with the two major us brick and mortar retailers , and they both delivered great results . 
1	i experiment with online print ordering with the two major uranium brick and mortar retailers , and they both extradite smashing results . 
1	i experimented with online print ordain with the two major us brick and mortar retailer , and they both save keen results . 
0	 The backlight will periodically fail , the first time it happened I sent it in for warranty repair .
0	 The backlight will periodically fail , the first time it bechance I transport it in for warranty fixture .
0	 The backlight will periodically neglect , the maiden time it happened iodin sent it in for warranty repair .
0	 USB Network storage - `` supposedly '' it 's slow .
0	 USB Network storage - `` supposedly '' it 's tedious .
0	 USB Network storage - `` supposedly '' it 's tiresome .
0	i 've tried the belkin fm transmitter unit with it & it worked well when i set it on top of a portable radio , but was awful trying to use in the car which is somewhat of a disappointment . 
0	i 've tried the belkin fm transmitter unit with it & it exploit substantially when i mark it on top of a portable radio , but was frightening test to usance in the auto which is somewhat of a disappointment . 
0	i 've well-tried the belkin fermium sender unit with it & it act well when i primed it on top of a portable radio , but was awful judge to utilise in the car which is somewhat of a disappointment . 
1	I installed, activated and registered NIS 2004 without issue.
1	I installed, activated and registered NIS 2004 without number.
1	I installed, activated and registered NIS 2004 without take.
0	3 ) folders cannot be created for the audio files . 
0	ternion ) folders cannot be created for the audio files . 
0	tierce ) folders cannot be created for the audio files . 
1	we hardly ever have to charge them , get great reception ( live in chicago ) , and the customization and applications are awesome . 
1	we hardly ever have to consign them , develop outstanding reception ( go in chicago ) , and the customization and applications are awesome . 
1	we hardly ever have to thrill them , nonplus dandy reception ( live in chicago ) , and the customization and covering are awesome . 
1	It powers up quickly, so you won't miss that quick shot. 
1	It powers up quickly, so you won't miss that nimble iridescent. 
1	It superpower up quickly, so you won't miss that immediate shot. 
1	3 band and you can just change the SIM card in it to be able to use it in Europe with another service provider.
1	III banding and you can just change the SIM card in it to be able to practice it in Europe with another servicing provider.
1	iii isthmus and you can just change the SIM add-in in it to be able to manipulation it in Europe with another service provider.
1	There is no comparison, the chanp is easy and smell free, the genie was difficult to use one handed (which is absolutly vital if you have a little one on a changing pad) and there was a deffinite odor eminating from the genie plus we found that the quick tie garbage bags where the ties are integrated into the bag work really well because there isn't any added bulk around the sealing edge of the champ.
1	There is no comparison, the chanp is slow and odor liberal, the genie was difficult to use one handed (which is absolutly critical if you have a little unrivalled on a vary tablet) and there was a deffinite aroma eminating from the genie plus we chance that the quick tie-up drivel udder where the attach are integrated into the bag work very well because there isn't any summate bulk around the sealing edge of the champ.
1	There is no comparison, the chanp is well-fixed and odour destitute, the genie was difficult to habit unrivalled handed (which is absolutly lively if you have a little unity on a changing domiciliation) and there was a deffinite odour eminating from the genie plus we encounter that the quick tie scraps bags where the ties are structured into the bag work really good because there isn't any added bulk around the sealing border of the chomp.
1	it's a great looking, easy-to-use device but it's the sound quality which is truly amazing -- far better than my Sony mini-disc player.  
1	it's a capital looking, easy-to-use device but it's the effectual quality which is truly awe-inspiring -- far best than my Sony mini-disc player.  
1	it's a cracking looking, easy-to-use device but it's the vocalise lineament which is truly astonish -- far better than my Sony mini-disc player.  
1	file transfers are fast , nearly a song per second via usb 2.0 . 
1	file transfers are degraded , nearly a birdsong per second via usb 2.0 . 
1	file transfers are fast , closely a call per second via usb 2.0 . 
0	Unfortunately I was wrong.  
0	Unfortunately iodine was wrong.  
0	Unfortunately one was wrong.  
0	unit worked great for 3 weeks then video output failed . 
0	unit sour great for 3 weeks then video output betray . 
0	unit worked cracking for 3 week then video output failed . 
0	 The next day , I turned on my laptop and it connected to the network , but no internet connection .
0	 The next day , I sprain on my laptop and it affiliated to the meshing , but no internet connection .
0	 The next day , one turned on my laptop and it machine-accessible to the network , but no cyberspace connection .
1	great picture quality - in automatic mode, quality is great. 
1	great picture quality - in automatic mode, calibre is great. 
1	great picture quality - in reflex mode, quality is great. 
1	the infrared is a blessing if you have a previous nokia and want to transfer your old phone book to this phone , saved me hours of re-entering my numbers . 
1	the infrared is a approving if you have a previous nokia and want to carry-over your old phone reserve to this earpiece , saved me minute of re-entering my numbers . 
1	the infrared is a boon if you have a previous nokia and want to transferee your sure-enough phone book to this call , saved me hours of re-entering my act . 
0	i know the saying is " you get what you pay for " but at this stage of game dvd players must have better quality than this - there is no excuse . 
0	i know the saying is " you gravel what you earnings for " but at this stage of game dvd histrion must have undecomposed quality than this - there is no exempt . 
0	i recognise the saying is " you incur what you devote for " but at this represent of game DVD players must have better quality than this - there is no excuse . 
1	So far it has been very durable (other than the little pads on the earbuds), but those aren't really necessary as I find them comfortable on their own. 
1	indeed far it has been very durable (other than the little trudge on the earbuds), but those aren't very necessary as I breakthrough them easy on their own. 
1	then far it has been very durable (other than the piffling launchpad on the earbuds), but those aren't really necessary as I encounter them well-off on their own. 
0	This is due to the unusually slow autofocus system.
0	This is due to the unusually dim autofocus system.
0	This is due to the unusually dull autofocus system.
1	after using it for about a month , i can state unequivocably that this nikon definitely delivers a huge bang for the buck . 
1	after using it for about a month , i can DoS unequivocably that this nikon definitely cede a huge bonk for the horse . 
1	after using it for about a month , i can state unequivocably that this nikon emphatically surrender a huge smasher for the sawhorse . 
0	 I called the tech support and they helped me install new firmware , but this did not solve the problem .
0	 I bid the tech accompaniment and they helped me install new firmware , but this did not solve the trouble .
0	 ane forebode the tech substantiate and they helped me install new firmware , but this did not solve the problem .
0	i did not managed to make creative nomad explorer to work . 
0	i did not managed to micturate creative nomad explorer to operate . 
0	i did not managed to seduce creative nomad explorer to ferment . 
1	the lcd screen was very large and readable . 
1	the lcd screen was very enceinte and readable . 
1	the lcd screen was very prominent and readable . 
1	i didnt have any installation problems; and the touch pad is fine, even if it is sort of inaccurate.  
1	i didnt have any initiation problems; and the touch tablet is fine, tied if it is sort of inaccurate.  
1	i didnt have any installation problems; and the touching lard is fine, still if it is sort of inaccurate.  
1	 A + + + + + + product and very well built for apple users in mind ... ... oh yeah theres a usb port in the back for you droid people .
1	 A + + + + + + intersection and very advantageously build for apple users in intellect ... ... oh yeah theres a usb port in the back for you droid people .
1	 A + + + + + + product and very well built for apple users in mind ... ... OH yea theres a usb port in the binding for you droid citizenry .
0	No inbox accessories-- An arm strap, belt strap, case, or anything would be nice, but nope... Moveable parts-- This makes me almost want to keep my 3rd gen over a 4th; with moveable parts, its easy to damage an iPod at a gym, so this is for more casual listeners; note the iPod Mini doesn't have moveable parts and is made of titanium.
0	No inbox accessories-- An arm strap, rap slash, typeface, or anything would be nice, but nope... Moveable parts-- This cause me almost need to livelihood my 3rd gen over a 4th; with moveable break, its easy to scathe an iPod at a gym, so this is for more cursory listeners; observe the iPod Mini doesn't have moveable disunite and is pee-pee of titanium.
0	no inbox accessories-- An arm slash, whack strap, case, or anything would be nice, but nope... transferable parts-- This makes me almost want to sustenance my 3rd gen over a 4th; with moveable constituent, its comfortable to wrong an iPod at a gymnasium, so this is for more cursory listeners; greenback the iPod Mini doesn't have moveable parts and is have of titanium.
1	the nomad explorer provide most of the functionality offered by 3rd party programs like notmad . 
1	the nomad explorer cater most of the functionality provide by 3rd party programs ilk notmad . 
1	the nomad explorer leave most of the functionality proffer by 3rd party programs similar notmad . 
0	If the plunging action is critical to your work, look elsewhere.
0	If the immerse action is critical to your function, look elsewhere.
0	If the plunging action is decisive to your work, front elsewhere.
0	Not so nice things: - a bit too much weight and power for easy handheld use - spindle lock makes for awkward bit changing (outside of a table) - the 1/4" chuck sleeve requires MUCH tightening to keep bits from slipping
0	Not so nice things: - a act too much weight and power for easy handheld use - spindle lock makes for bunglesome bit changing (outdoors of a table) - the 1/quaternary" spew sleeve requires MUCH constrain to keep bits from sneak
0	Not so nice things: - a bit too much weight and power for easy handheld role - spindle interlock establish for bunglesome minute changing (international of a tabularise) - the 1/4" chuck sleeve requires MUCH tightening to keep bits from slipping
1	I love the Bluetooth; easy to use with a wireless Jabra headset.
1	I bonk the Bluetooth; easy to practice with a wireless Jabra headset.
1	iodine love the Bluetooth; easy to role with a wireless Jabra headset.
0	this thing is trash . 
0	this thing is folderol . 
0	this thing is glass . 
1	The panorama setting is unbelieveable !
1	The panorama background is unbelieveable !
1	The panorama coiffe is unbelieveable !
1	Pertaining to the speed issue: I got 54Mps while I was in the same room. 
1	Pertaining to the speed issuing: ane puzzle 54Mps while I was in the same room. 
1	Pertaining to the speed yield: I amaze 54Mps while 1 was in the same room. 
1	 All the latest Acer stuff is top notch !
1	 All the latest Acer glut is top notch !
1	 All the latest Acer stuff is crown notch !
1	for instance , i made several back-ups of my dvd movies using dvd-r ( w ) and + r ( w ) and it plays the dvds . 
1	for instance , i take several back-ups of my dvd movies utilize dvd-r ( westward ) and + r ( watt ) and it plays the dvds . 
1	for instance , i wee several back-ups of my videodisc movies use dvd-r ( w ) and + r ( w ) and it maneuver the dvds . 
1	It works great, i am usually at the full 54 mbps, although every now and then that drops to around 36 mbps only because i am 2 floors below where the router is. 
1	IT work majuscule, i am usually at the fully 54 mbps, although every now and then that degenerate to some 36 mbps only because i am 2 floors below where the router is. 
1	It study bully, i am usually at the fully fifty-four mbps, although every now and then that drip to around 36 mbps only because i am two floors below where the router is. 
0	I would imagine this is a problem with any camera of a compact nature. 
0	I would imagine this is a trouble with any camera of a bundle nature. 
0	I would imagine this is a trouble with any camera of a covenant nature. 
0	i was willing to live with the larger size ( inconvenient on the road ) but the durability was a big zero . 
0	i was volition to live with the larger size ( inconvenient on the road ) but the enduringness was a freehanded aught . 
0	i was will to live with the declamatory size ( inconvenient on the road ) but the durability was a bragging zilch . 
1	c. i do love audio sync which allows a one-click synchronization between the player and the music collection on the computer . 
1	c. i do dearest audio sync which allows a one-click synchronism between the actor and the music appeal on the computer . 
1	coulomb. i do bonk audio sync which allows a one-click synchroneity between the player and the music collection on the figurer . 
1	noiseless , lightweight and oh yeah . 
1	noiseless , lightweight and OH yeah . 
1	noiseless , whippersnapper and oh yeah . 
1	This is the mp3 player with everything I need.  As long as it lasts me a good three years, I'm satisfied.        
1	This is the mp3 instrumentalist with everything I pauperism.  As hanker as it lasts me a skillful three years, I'm satisfied.        
1	This is the mp3 player with everything one need.  As long as it go me a practiced troika years, I'm satisfied.        
0	- the controls are much inferior to the simple ipod ones . 
0	- the ascendency are much inferior to the mere ipod ones . 
0	- the dominance are often inferior to the simple ipod ones . 
1	 THIS ROUTER IS AWESOM BUT IT WILL ONLY SUPPORT 1 XBOX WE HAVE 3 AND YOU CAN NEVER GET MORE THAN 1 TO HAVE A OPEN NAT TYPE THE OTHERS ARE USUALY MODERATE OR STRICT WHEN I CONTACED SUPPORT THEY WERE VERY NICE AND TRIED THRE BEST TO GET IT WORKING RIGHT BUT TO NO AVAIL BOTTOM LINE IF YOU JUST HAVE A COMPUTER A LAPTOP AND 1 360 YOU WILL BE FINE AND VERY SECURE THIS ROUTER IS WELL WORTH THE MONEY
1	 THIS ROUTER IS AWESOM BUT IT WILL ONLY patronize 1 XBOX WE birth trey AND YOU bathroom NEVER vex MORE THAN 1 TO sustain A OPEN NAT case THE OTHERS ARE USUALY MODERATE OR STRICT WHEN I CONTACED SUPPORT THEY represent VERY nice AND tried THRE just TO come IT make RIGHT BUT TO NO AVAIL BOTTOM LINE IF YOU JUST possess A COMPUTER A LAPTOP AND 1 360 YOU WILL BE FINE AND VERY fix THIS ROUTER exist WELL WORTH THE MONEY
1	 THIS ROUTER IS AWESOM BUT IT WILL lonesome funding 1 XBOX WE HAVE 3 AND YOU tin NEVER catch MORE THAN 1 TO make A receptive NAT TYPE THE OTHERS ARE USUALY contain OR STRICT WHEN I CONTACED patronize THEY WERE VERY NICE AND try THRE right TO dumbfound IT WORKING compensate BUT TO NO AVAIL BOTTOM draw IF YOU JUST HAVE A COMPUTER A LAPTOP AND 1 360 YOU WILL BE FINE AND VERY strong THIS ROUTER constitute considerably WORTH THE MONEY
0	for example , i tried playing my new " pirates of the carribean " extra features dvd , but this dvd player can not read it . 
0	for case , i tried recreate my new " commandeer of the carribean " extra features dvd , but this dvd player can not say it . 
0	for model , i tried dally my new " pirates of the carribean " extra features dvd , but this videodisk thespian can not read it . 
1	Both the on/off switch (soft start) and the depth lock are within easy reach of the right hand.
1	Both the on/off exchange (soft showtime) and the depth lock are within easy reach of the good hand.
1	Both the on/off switch (soft start) and the depth lock are within soft reach of the powerful reach.
0	 I guess that `` limited lifetime warranty '' means it may take a lifetime to collect on the warranty .
0	 I approximate that `` limited lifetime warranty '' substance it may aim a lifetime to collect on the warranty .
0	 I guess that `` limited lifetime warrantee '' means it may fill a lifetime to garner on the warranty .
1	 The colors are clear , also .
1	 The colour are clear , also .
1	 The tinge are clear , also .
1	i highly recommend this camera to anyone looking for a good digital camera that takes great pictures yet does n't take weeks to figure out how to operate . 
1	i highly recommend this camera to anyone look for a good digital camera that conduct great show however does n't contract weeks to figure out how to operate . 
1	i highly recommend this camera to anyone looking for a well digital camera that study bang-up pictures even does n't take weeks to figure out how to lock . 
1	With Bluetooth off the phone last almost twice as long.
1	With Bluetooth off the phone finis almost twice as farsighted.
1	With Bluetooth off the sound go almost twice as long.
1	I purchased this over the Ipod Mini because it had several nice features: extra 1G storage, WMA support, replaceable battery, and especially that it wasn't an Apple product with their proprietary architecture.  
1	I purchased this over the Ipod Mini because it had various prissy have: redundant 1G storehouse, WMA confirm, replaceable battery, and especially that it wasn't an Apple product with their proprietary architecture.  
1	i purchased this over the Ipod Mini because it had respective nice have: redundant 1G storage, WMA stand, replaceable bombardment, and especially that it wasn't an Apple product with their proprietary architecture.  
1	The Hitachi has plenty of power, runs smooth, and cuts effortlessly through maple (with Freud bits!)
1	The Hitachi has mint of might, runs smooth, and sheer effortlessly through maple (with Freud bits!)
1	The Hitachi has muckle of power, rivulet smooth, and excision effortlessly through maple (with Freud bits!)
1	I upgraded both my card and router and really had no problems with installation on my Sony VAIO laptop (XP operating system).  
1	I upgrade both my scorecard and router and really had no job with installation on my Sony VAIO laptop (XP manoeuvre system).  
1	iodine upgraded both my wit and router and very had no problems with installation on my Sony VAIO laptop (XP operate system).  
1	price , along with the replaceable battery ( which i understand apple charges a small fortune to replace - as well as the hassle of returning it ) were the two main factors on why i picked the nomad . 
1	price , along with the replaceable battery ( which i realise apple mission a low chance to replace - as well as the chivvy of yield it ) were the two main element on why i picked the nomad . 
1	price , along with the replaceable bombardment ( which i realize apple burden a diminished fortune to replace - as comfortably as the rough-and-tumble of give it ) were the two main factors on why i picked the nomad . 
1	It films 10 second video, for crying out loud.
1	It films 10 moment video, for crying out loud.
1	It shoot 10 second video, for crying out loud.
1	the included earpiece is very comfortable and easy to use . 
1	the included earphone is very comfortable and easy to usance . 
1	the included earpiece is very prosperous and easy to utilise . 
1	many people have written about the software being its one downfall , personally i have n't had a single problem with the software , i 'm running windows me . 
1	many masses have written about the package being its 1 downfall , personally i have n't had a unity problem with the software , i 'm persist windows me . 
1	many people have scripted about the software being its matchless ruin , personally i have n't had a 1 problem with the software , i 'm ply windows me . 
1	you can also slow a song down & speed it up , which is cool too . 
1	you can also slacken a Song down & speed it up , which is cool too . 
1	you can also sluggish a song down & speed it up , which is poise too . 
1	5 ) the cheap , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from creative ) is a great advantage over the ipod 's battery which costs $ 100 to replace . 
1	Phoebe ) the gaudy , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from creative ) is a corking advantage over the ipod 's battery which costs $ 100 to interchange . 
1	quintuplet ) the cheap , user-replaceable battery ( $ fifty from creative ) is a groovy advantage over the ipod 's battery which costs $ 100 to exchange . 
0	i have tried many times to get a hold of apex who does n't seem to answer their emails and telephone number is constantly busy as ( i believe ) the one lonely customer service rep is probably extremely overworked . 
0	i have prove many sentence to pose a reserve of apex who does n't seem to answer their emails and telephone number is constantly busy as ( i trust ) the one solitary customer Service rep is probably extremely overworked . 
0	i have taste many clock to generate a retain of apex who does n't seem to answer their emails and telephone number is constantly engaged as ( i believe ) the ace alone customer service rep is probably extremely overworked . 
1	 I was surprised how good the sound was and I especially like to use it when I am listening to audio books .
1	 I was surprised how good the legal was and iodin especially like to consumption it when I am hearing to audio books .
1	 I was surprised how goodness the sound was and I peculiarly alike to use it when ace am listening to audio books .
1	it does well in all aspects of internet browsing . 
1	it does well in all scene of internet browsing . 
1	it does well in all view of internet browsing . 
1	I never get dropped calls.
1	I never father dropped calls.
1	I never get spend calls.
1	 For me its perfect and the quality for games and word docs is more than acceptable .
1	 For me its perfect and the timbre for stake and word Commerce is more than acceptable .
1	 For me its pure and the quality for games and countersign Dr. is more than acceptable .
1	 Worked fine .
1	 Worked ok .
1	 act fine .
0	the quick sync is n't any good becuase it either needs to be configured properly or just is n't very useful . 
0	the fast sync is n't any respectable becuase it either take to be configured decently or just is n't very useful . 
0	the spry synchronise is n't any commodity becuase it either motive to be configured properly or just is n't very useful . 
0	i tried calling the support number for a week , several times a day , and always got a busy signal . 
0	i tried calling the support number for a workweek , several times a Day , and always fetch a busy signal . 
0	i tried vocation the bear number for a week , several times a day , and always stimulate a busy signal . 
1	the screen is bright , easy to see in the daylight , with nice colors . 
1	the screen is bright , well-to-do to reckon in the daylight , with nice colors . 
1	the sieve is bright , easy to visit in the daylight , with nice colors . 
1	 Hooked it worked like a charm , great picture , bright colors and very light weight .
1	 Hooked it worked like a charm , great icon , bright colors and very light-colored weight .
1	 rob it worked like a charm , great picture , bright colors and very wanton weight .
1	the machine is very light and slim and fits nicely into my tv stand . 
1	the automobile is very light and slim and fits nicely into my tv bear . 
1	the machine is very lighting and slight and fits nicely into my tv stand . 
1	The greatest thing about the software (in my humble) is that it reads your CD info. 
1	The great thing about the package (in my humble) is that it register your CD info. 
1	The greatest affair about the package (in my small) is that it reads your CD info. 
1	I purchased this camera before it went on sale, and while I wouldn't have minded keeping the extra $$$, it was definitely worth it.
1	I purchase this camera before it belong on sale, and while I wouldn't have tending keep the extra $$$, it was definitely worth it.
1	I purchased this camera before it last on sale, and while I wouldn't have given save the special $$$, it was definitely worth it.
1	4mp , 4x optical zoom , takes absolutely beautiful photos with detail that challenges all of the above 5mp cameras , easy to understand and use ( has a great swivel lcd screen ) , a lot of features and add-on options , comes with great software ( not to be overlooked ) , and last but by far not least , received my fiance 's stamp of approval ( two thumbs up ! ) 
1	4mp , 4x optic zoom , make absolutely beautiful photos with detail that challenges all of the above 5mp cameras , easy to understand and utilise ( has a majuscule swivel lcd screen ) , a lot of have and addition selection , total with expectant package ( not to be overlooked ) , and conclusion but by far not least , received my fiance 's emboss of approval ( two thumbs up ! ) 
1	4mp , 4x visual zoom , engage absolutely beautiful photos with contingent that challenges all of the above 5mp cameras , prosperous to realise and utilize ( has a cracking swivel lcd cover ) , a plenty of features and add-on options , do with great software ( not to be overlooked ) , and last-place but by far not least , invite my fiance 's stamp of approval ( two thumbs up ! ) 
0	 For my work this panel is unusable .
0	 For my ferment this panel is unusable .
0	 For my wreak this panel is unusable .
1	Photos are pretty darned good!
1	Photos are moderately darned good!
1	Photos are pretty darned respectable!
1	 Absolutely love it and cant beat the price !
1	 Absolutely love it and buzzword beat the price !
1	 Absolutely love it and cant quiver the price !
0	 The router failed today -LRB- completely dead -RRB- , when I need to work from home due to heavy snow !
0	 The router failed today -LRB- completely dead -RRB- , when I motive to work from domicile due to ponderous snow !
0	 The router go today -LRB- completely dead -RRB- , when I need to process from home due to heavy bamboozle !
1	 I love this little speaker .
1	 I love this little verbaliser .
1	 I love this picayune speaker .
1	i have it for a week now , and this camera has exceeded my expectations . 
1	i have it for a hebdomad now , and this camera has pass my expectations . 
1	i have it for a week now , and this camera has overstep my outlook . 
1	for the money apex machines have good features . 
1	for the money apex machines have good boast . 
1	for the money apex machines have soundly features . 
1	third , creative software allows you to keep two windows open to look at both the content on the player and the computer . 
1	3rd , creative software admit you to keep two windows open to bet at both the content on the participant and the computer . 
1	third , creative package appropriate you to save two windows open to face at both the content on the player and the computer . 
0	 What I do n't like is that at lower volume music listening , tonal qualities are very poor .
0	 What 1 do n't like is that at blue volume music listening , tonal qualities are very miserable .
0	 What I do n't wish is that at glower volume music listening , tonal qualities are very inadequate .
1	small size . 
1	low size . 
1	pocket-size size . 
0	It would work fine for a while then as the motor warmed up it would die.
0	It would act ok for a while then as the motor warmed up it would choke.
0	It would sour finely for a while then as the motor warmed up it would decease.
1	it has fm radio option and i can listen to music anytime . 
1	it has fm radio option and i can hear to euphony anytime . 
1	it has fm radio selection and i can listen to euphony anytime . 
1	it looks great - and is loaded with features . 
1	it looks bang-up - and is loaded with features . 
1	it looks great - and is loaded with sport . 
1	great camera , i have been using this for several months and got excellent results , simple friendly usage , in many scenes indoor , outdoor , snow , close up macro etc. 
1	great camera , i have been employ this for several months and got splendid results , simple friendly use , in many scenes indoor , outdoor , Snow , end up macro etc. 
1	great camera , i have been using this for several months and incur excellent results , simple-minded well-disposed usage , in many shot indoor , outdoor , coke , close up macro etc. 
1	- Great sound! I was very impressed, I encode at 192 kbps and the audio quality is great, especially with the better headphones. 
1	- Great heavy! I was very move, I encode at 192 kbps and the audio quality is heavy, especially with the ripe headphones. 
1	- bang-up phone! I was very impressed, I encode at 192 kbps and the audio quality is dandy, especially with the right headphones. 
1	sure , this thing is definitely more cost-effective than an ipod . 
1	certainly , this matter is definitely more cost-effective than an ipod . 
1	surely , this affair is definitely more cost-effective than an ipod . 
1	the player 's software is very easy to use and very good . 
1	the histrion 's software is very sluttish to use and very good . 
1	the player 's software is very prosperous to utilisation and very good . 
1	I've yet to find the limitation for this Hitachi (my only Hitachi tool, by the way) and quite frankly, I don't know that I have the muscle to push this machine any harder.
1	I've yet to find the limitation for this Hitachi (my only Hitachi tool, by the way) and quite candidly, I don't acknowledge that 1 have the muscle to labor this automobile any operose.
1	I've yet to rule the limit for this Hitachi (my only Hitachi tool, by the room) and quite frankly, I don't love that I have the muscle to advertise this machine any severe.
1	the pics can be touched up in photoshop, and be printed at 4x6 and they look great!
1	the pic can be affected up in photoshop, and be printed at 4x6 and they look capital!
1	the pics can be partake up in photoshop, and be printed at 4x6 and they flavour big!
0	The biggest problem is the installation.
0	The biggest problem is the facility.
0	The large problem is the installation.
0	it can be frustrating and messy when you put that last diaper in before realizing the unit is full.
0	it can be foil and messy when you order that survive diaper in before realizing the unit is full.
0	it can be frustrative and messy when you lay that finish diaper in before realizing the unit is full.
1	Cuts are easy and smooth.
1	Cuts are slow and smooth.
1	cut are easy and smooth.
0	but after 10 days , the sound worked , but the video quit working . 
0	but after 10 days , the fathom shape , but the video quit working . 
0	but after 10 days , the reasoned worked , but the video quit process . 
0	The only knock I have is that the flash is underpowered. 
0	The only knock iodin have is that the scud is underpowered. 
0	The only roast unity have is that the flash is underpowered. 
0	Basically, I ate the cost of the renewal and ate the cost of the Tech Help.
0	Basically, one ate the cost of the replenishment and ate the cost of the Tech aid.
0	Basically, single ate the cost of the renewal and rust the cost of the Tech service.
0	some dvd 's i rented would not play . 
0	some dvd 's i rented would not flirt . 
0	some dvd 's i rented would not manoeuvre . 
1	 It has very good range -- much better than the Linksys router it replaced .
1	 It has very good range -- much ameliorate than the Linksys router it replace .
1	 It has very good vagabond -- much practiced than the Linksys router it replaced .
1	 Pros : Competitive Cost Win 7 Home premium HDMI port -LRB- I could watch the Amazon instant videos on my HDTV and its delivering great .
1	 Pros : Competitive Cost Win 7 dwelling premium HDMI port -LRB- I could sentinel the Amazon twinkling videos on my HDTV and its birth great .
1	 Pros : Competitive Cost Win 7 menage agio HDMI port -LRB- I could catch the Amazon instant videos on my HDTV and its rescue great .
1	with 40gb of storage i have about 7,500 songs on the player ( everything music file i have is on there ) with room for about 2,500 more . 
1	with 40gb of memory i have about 7,D Song on the player ( everything music file i have is on there ) with way for about two,500 more . 
1	with 40gb of repositing i have about 7,D song on the player ( everything music file i have is on there ) with room for about deuce,D more . 
1	We just buy the smaller bags that come like 250 to a roll and are sented and they are like $6.00 and they work great.
1	We just buy the smaller pocket that come same 250 to a pluck and are sented and they are like $VI.00 and they influence great.
1	We just buy the smaller suitcase that seed like 250 to a wave and are sented and they are like $6.00 and they mould nifty.
1	operating its many features is easy and often obvious - i 'm no annie lebovitz , but i was able to figure out most of its abilities just messing around with it at a camera store . 
1	operating its many feature is slowly and often obvious - i 'm no annie lebovitz , but i was able-bodied to shape out most of its abilities just mess around with it at a camera storage . 
1	operational its many characteristic is loose and oftentimes obvious - i 'm no annie lebovitz , but i was able to trope out most of its power just messing around with it at a camera store . 
1	I love the features on the iPod and the many things you can do with it. 
1	I bang the have on the iPod and the many affair you can do with it. 
1	I fuck the boast on the iPod and the many affair you can do with it. 
1	The controls are easy to understand and big enough that they are easy to see and use.
1	The ensure are easy to realise and big enough that they are tardily to see and use.
1	The operate are well-to-do to understand and big enough that they are easy to escort and use.
1	4. The Build is just right.
1	4. The Build is just right-hand.
1	tetrad. The Build is just right.
1	The Canon is very small, definitely pocket size, but still easy to hold firmly. 
1	The Canon is very small, decidedly pocket size, but tranquillise easy to hold firmly. 
1	The Canon is very small, definitely pocket size, but still easy to declare hard. 
1	- bright , visible screen 
1	- bright , visible test 
1	- promising , visible screen 
1	The diaper champ turns the smelly diaper into "what diaper smell" in less time than that.
1	The diaper champ crook the foetid diaper into "what diaper smack" in less time than that.
1	The diaper champ reverse the foul diaper into "what diaper feel" in less time than that.
1	The setup software did everything. 
1	The apparatus software did everything. 
1	The setup package did everything. 
0	As of October, 2004, these products are NOT working and I'm ready to demand a refund from Symantec.
0	As of October, 2004, these production are NOT cultivate and I'm ready to ask a refund from Symantec.
0	axerophthol of October, 2004, these products are NOT play and I'm ready to postulate a refund from Symantec.
0	 I wished that they could make the volumn a little bit louder .
0	 I wished that they could puddle the volumn a little bit meretricious .
0	 i wished that they could make the volumn a little bite louder .
0	There is absolutely nothing useful at the Symantec/Norton site.
0	there is absolutely naught useful at the Symantec/Norton site.
0	thither is absolutely cipher useful at the Symantec/Norton site.
0	3 the picture editing software it came with is adequate , but not very robust . 
0	3 the ikon editing software it came with is adequate , but not very full-bodied . 
0	3 the impression blue-pencil software it came with is adequate , but not very robust . 
1	 I have n't really need any since the display have proven to be very intelligent when resizing different screen res 's and I can use the ATI drivers to adjust things like color temp and gamma .
1	 one have n't genuinely need any since the display have proven to be very intelligent when resizing different covert res 's and I can consumption the ATI drivers to correct matter like coloring temp and gamma .
1	 unity have n't really postulate any since the display have proven to be very level-headed when resizing different screen rhenium 's and I can manipulation the ATI drivers to adjust things same distort temp and gamma .
1	Exposure compensation in 1/3 stop increments (I leave it set on +1/3 stop to brighten up the default exposure, which goes a bit dark for my taste).
1	Exposure compensation in 1/3 hitch increments (I leave it readiness on +1/3 blockage to brighten up the default exposure, which goes a number disconsolate for my taste).
1	Exposure compensation in 1/trine stop increments (I leave it set on +1/3 stop to brighten up the default exposure, which cristal a act darkness for my mouthful).
1	 Had a JVC system that was 6 years old and I thought it was good , but the Onkyo sound is amazing !
1	 Had a JVC system that was 6 years one-time and I consider it was good , but the Onkyo intelligent is mystify !
1	 Had a JVC system that was sextuplet years old and one believe it was beneficial , but the Onkyo sound is amazing !
1	On the T-Mobile service I was able to take pics as we drove across I-70 and email them to family & friends once we reached a T-Mobile tzone (usually a major city).
1	On the T-Mobile service 1 was able to acquire photograph as we labour across I-70 and email them to class & friends once we strain a T-Mobile tzone (usually a major city).
1	On the T-Mobile service I was able to fill pics as we take across I-70 and email them to phratry & admirer once we touch a T-Mobile tzone (usually a major metropolis).
1	and it holds sooooo much music and audio files . 
1	and it bear sooooo much music and audio files . 
1	and it grasp sooooo much music and audio files . 
0	controls are a bit awkward . 
0	check are a bit awkward . 
0	controls are a chip awkward . 
0	 This model router has now failed me twice in the short span of time mentioned .
0	 This mannikin router has now break me twice in the short straddle of time mentioned .
0	 This model router has now bomb me twice in the short duet of time advert .
1	I downloaded a trial version of Computer Associates EZ Firewall and Antivirus and fell in love with a computer security system all over again.
1	I downloaded a trial interpretation of Computer link EZ Firewall and Antivirus and light in bonk with a computer security system all over again.
1	ane downloaded a trial version of Computer fellow EZ Firewall and Antivirus and shine in fuck with a computer security system all over again.
1	 This unit comes with the USB/firewire cable as a standard item now. 
1	 This unit comes with the USB/firewire cable as a banner particular now. 
1	 This unit cum with the USB/firewire cable as a criterion item now. 
1	 Much faster than my previous Acer One Netbook with single processor .
1	 Much dissipated than my previous Acer one Netbook with single processor .
1	 Much libertine than my previous Acer unrivalled Netbook with single processor .
1	This is an excellent router for the money.
1	This is an fantabulous router for the money.
1	This is an splendid router for the money.
1	connect the player to your computer ( via usb ) , open up mediasource , and you can listen to your stored mp3s as they stream directly from the xtra ! 
1	associate the player to your computer ( via usb ) , spread up mediasource , and you can mind to your store mp3s as they teem directly from the xtra ! 
1	join the histrion to your computer ( via usb ) , outdoors up mediasource , and you can listen to your stored mp3s as they pullulate straightaway from the xtra ! 
1	I've dropped it atleast a dozen times to my recolletion and it still works as good as ever.
1	I've dribble it atleast a dozen times to my recolletion and it allay mould as good as ever.
1	I've dropped it atleast a dozen times to my recolletion and it even wreak as dependable as ever.
0	Next, the big reason not to buy ANY Norton product:  If there's a problem with it, Norton charges $30 to even tell them about it.
0	Next, the grownup conclude not to buy any Norton product:  If there's a problem with it, Norton guardianship $30 to eventide tell them about it.
0	next, the heavy reason not to buy ANY Norton product:  If there's a problem with it, Norton consign $30 to eve state them about it.
0	For purposes of clarity, here is my review from that product,edited to be appropriate for this product, since, for the most part, they share many of the same problems.
0	For aim of clearness, here is my follow-up from that product,emended to be appropriate for this merchandise, since, for the most character, they share many of the same problems.
0	For use of uncloudedness, here is my review from that product,edited to be conquer for this merchandise, since, for the most break, they portion many of the same problems.
0	 I felt the system was slow so I purchased a 4gb ram from crucell and replaced the standard 2gb that came with the system .
0	 I felt the organisation was slowly so I purchased a 4gb ram from crucell and replace the standard 2gb that came with the organisation .
0	 I palpate the system was tiresome so iodin purchased a 4gb ram from crucell and supplant the standard 2gb that came with the system .
1	I just replaced my old Linksys router with this one, turned everything on in the right order, and it was up and running with no problems.  
1	I just interchange my old Linksys router with this unmatched, plow everything on in the correct order, and it was up and tend with no problems.  
1	ane just replaced my older Linksys router with this unrivaled, turned everything on in the rightfulness order, and it was up and bleed with no problems.  
1	it is small enough to fit easily in a coat pocket or purse . 
1	it is small enough to conniption easily in a coat sac or purse . 
1	it is small sufficiency to convulsion easily in a coat pocket or purse . 
1	i find all of the controls well-placed and not flimsy in the least . 
1	i find all of the assure well-placed and not onionskin in the least . 
1	i obtain all of the see well-placed and not flimsy in the least . 
1	but the sound is very good ( and loud ) and works well on my portable speakers . 
1	but the intelligent is very sound ( and loud ) and works well on my portable talker . 
1	but the sound is very skilful ( and loud ) and deeds fountainhead on my portable speakers . 
1	Remember, this phone uses an operating system - Symbian... and it's feature-rich w/ 65k colors.
1	Remember, this phone America an operating system - Symbian... and it's feature-rich w/ 65k colour.
1	Remember, this phone practice an function system - Symbian... and it's feature-rich w/ 65k colors.
1	The back of the player is nice too, with water ripples inside the clear white coating.  
1	The back of the player is Nice too, with water ripples within the clear blanched coating.  
1	The back of the player is nice too, with water ripples interior the discharge whiten coating.  
0	customer service and technical support are overloaded and nonresponsive - tells you about the quality of their products and their willingness to stand behind them . 
0	customer service and technical supporting are overload and nonresponsive - tells you about the quality of their products and their willingness to tie-up slow them . 
0	customer serving and technical underpin are overloaded and nonresponsive - tells you about the quality of their merchandise and their willingness to stand rear them . 
1	It's easy and really works, with some incredible range.  
1	It's easy and really works, with some incredible swan.  
1	It's tardily and really works, with some incredible range.  
0	Putting the Micro into your pocket could trigger just about anything (unless the hold feature is improved: it asks if you want to "unhold" for every button up press) Second, I'm worried about the durability of the player. 
0	Putting the Micro into your pocket could actuate just about anything (unless the concord feature is improved: it enquire if you neediness to "unhold" for every button up fight) moment, I'm worried about the durability of the histrion. 
0	frame the Micro into your scoop could trigger just about anything (unless the confine feature is improved: it ask if you desire to "unhold" for every button up iron) Second, I'm care about the durability of the player. 
1	 It came back working , and I was momentarily glad that the rumors I 'd heard about Acer tech support did n't turn out to be true in my case .
1	 It came back sour , and I was momentarily happy that the rumors I 'd discover about Acer tech patronize did n't sour out to be true in my case .
1	 It came rearward exercise , and I was momentarily glad that the rumors I 'd hear about Acer tech support did n't sprain out to be honest in my case .
1	but canon never fails to amaze . 
1	but canon never go to amaze . 
1	but canon never miscarry to amaze . 
1	It was so easy my toddler would dispose of her on diapers.
1	It was so easily my bambino would dispose of her on diapers.
1	It was so light my tot would dispose of her on diapers.
0	Finally, after about a week's use, the screen started to freeze on me.
0	Finally, after about a week's use, the blind protrude to freeze on me.
0	Finally, after about a week's utilise, the screen initiate to freeze on me.
1	it 's great to switch to spot metering and actually see it working on the lcd screen . 
1	it 's big to tack to spot metering and actually see it mould on the lcd screen . 
1	it 's keen to tack to distinguish metering and actually see it working on the lcd screen . 
1	this dvd player plays raw mpeg2 and mpeg1 videos , jpeg , wma , cdr / cdrw / dvdr / dvdrw , and of course plays dvd movies from uk. i love the aiff , progressive scan feature . 
1	this dvd musician manoeuvre tender mpeg2 and mpeg1 videos , jpeg , wma , cdr / cdrw / dvdr / dvdrw , and of course wager dvd movies from uk. i dear the aiff , progressive scan sport . 
1	this dvd player bring bare-assed mpeg2 and mpeg1 video , jpeg , wma , cdr / cdrw / dvdr / dvdrw , and of course flirt dvd movies from uk. i jazz the aiff , liberal scan feature . 
0	 When I bought the third one , I thought I can give D-link one more try , but now I regret my decision .
0	 When I bought the third unrivaled , one thought I can spring D-link ace more try , but now I regret my decision .
0	 When I buy the third one , I thought I can consecrate D-link unitary more test , but now I regret my decision .
1	Another great feature for me anyway is the ability to load .wav sounds as ringers.
1	Another large feature for me anyway is the ability to incumbrance .wav strait as ringers.
1	Another swell have for me anyway is the ability to load .wav strait as ringers.
1	i highly recommend a nokia 6610 . 
1	i highly commend a nokia 6610 . 
1	i highly urge a nokia 6610 . 
1	 There are no incompatibility problems and they work fine .
1	 There are no incompatibility problems and they function fine .
1	 There are no incompatibility problems and they go fine .
0	the customer service dept did not list a toll free number and it was a real hassle to get through on their regular line . 
0	the customer service dept did not list a toll relieve act and it was a real hassle to induce through on their regular describe . 
0	the customer service dept did not list a toll unloosen number and it was a real beset to vex through on their regular stemma . 
1	this is the best dvd player i 've purchased . 
1	this is the good dvd player i 've purchased . 
1	this is the well dvd player i 've purchased . 
0	The flaw is inside the Zen. 
0	The flaw is inside the superman. 
0	The flaw is within the Zen. 
1	Its the easiest thing to setup i thought, and i am only 16...So with all that said, BUY THE ROUTER!!!!     
1	IT the easiest thing to setup i remember, and i am only 16...So with all that aver, bargain THE ROUTER!!!!     
1	Its the comfortable thing to setup i reckon, and i am only 16...indeed with all that said, purchase THE ROUTER!!!!     
0	 Also, some other MP3 players such as the Nitrus allow you to play WMA (Windows Media Audio) files, whereas the iPod does NOT. 
0	 too, some other MP3 actor such as the Nitrus allow you to bet WMA (Windows Media Audio) files, whereas the iPod does non. 
0	 too, some other MP3 players such as the Nitrus permit you to gaming WMA (window Media Audio) files, whereas the iPod does NOT. 
1	i have not yet seen any of the usual problems with digital pictures ( purple fringing , etc ) so i am very pleased . 
1	i have not hitherto ensure any of the usual problems with digital photograph ( royal fringing , etc ) so i am very pleased . 
1	i have not yet escort any of the usual problem with digital pic ( purple fringing , etc ) so i am very delight . 
1	this player has worked flawlessly for me and at this price , you can 't go wrong . 
1	this actor has turn flawlessly for me and at this price , you can 't start wrong . 
1	this player has influence flawlessly for me and at this terms , you can 't belong wrong . 
1	really happy with this little camera . 
1	actually happy with this little camera . 
1	really happy with this footling camera . 
1	The depth adjustment and bit changing is much easier on the M12V than it was on my old router.
1	The depth adaption and turn changing is much gentle on the M12V than it was on my old router.
1	The depth adjustment and scrap changing is practically loose on the M12V than it was on my old router.
1	am i ever glad that i decided on this camera ! 
1	am i ever gladiola that i adjudicate on this camera ! 
1	am i ever happy that i decide on this camera ! 
1	I have really enjoyed the camera on this phone.
1	I have really bask the camera on this phone.
1	I have really enjoyed the camera on this earphone.
1	However after playing with it for three weeks now, I'm convinced, the Zen Micro is superior. 
1	However after recreate with it for ternary weeks now, I'm convinced, the Zen micro is superior. 
1	However after toy with it for 3 weeks now, I'm convince, the Zen Micro is superior. 
1	 In short , if you 're just someone that 's a little afraid of technology , and you just want a router to get online , do basic networking and play mafiawars and browse myspace all day , this router is great for you .
1	 indium short , if you 're just someone that 's a niggling afraid of engineering , and you just desire a router to bring online , do staple networking and gambol mafiawars and browse myspace all day , this router is dandy for you .
1	 inward forgetful , if you 're just mortal that 's a lilliputian afraid of technology , and you just desire a router to come online , do canonic networking and play mafiawars and browse myspace all daytime , this router is great for you .
0	 There are limitations to what you can do with frequency adjustments because of the built-in speaker crossovers .
0	 There are limitations to what you can do with oftenness allowance because of the built-in speaker crossing .
0	 there are limitations to what you can do with frequency modification because of the built-in speaker crossover .
0	to address two previous somewhat negative reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel does obstruct part of the lower left corner in the lens viewfinder ; however , the lcd viewfinder is rather stunning and i find myself rarely using the lens viewfinder . 
0	to address two former somewhat negative reexamine : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel does obstruct split of the scummy allow corner in the lens viewfinder ; however , the lcd viewfinder is rather stun and i see myself rarely using the Lens viewfinder . 
0	to address two old somewhat negative reviews : ( i ) yes , the lens cask does obstruct component of the lower forget tree in the lens viewfinder ; however , the lcd viewfinder is rather stun and i find myself rarely victimisation the lens viewfinder . 
0	You'll do that because the keys are tightly packed in and your fingers will likely press two keys at once.
0	You'll do that because the keys are tightly tamp in and your digit will likely conjure two Key at once.
0	You'll do that because the samara are tightly packed in and your fingers will likely weigh deuce identify at once.
0	I tried the CD setup program without any luck.  
0	I stress the CD setup program without any luck.  
0	unity tried the CD setup program without any luck.  
1	as i mentioned before , the creative mediasource software is actually really robust despite what others have said , though notmad may still work better . 
1	as i mentioned before , the creative mediasource software is actually truly robust despite what others have said , though notmad may notwithstanding ferment estimable . 
1	as i note before , the creative mediasource software is actually genuinely robust despite what others have read , though notmad may still bring better . 
1	the battery is replaceable ( a real plus ) and there is a leather case ( another real plus ) . 
1	the barrage is replaceable ( a real plus ) and there is a leather instance ( another genuine plus ) . 
1	the battery is replaceable ( a actual plus ) and there is a leather shell ( another tangible plus ) . 
1	the keys are laid out normal so there is no guessing . 
1	the keys are laid out convention so there is no approximate . 
1	the name are repose out normal so there is no guessing . 
1	i 'm not one who uses web browsing , so this phone easily met and surpassed my needs . 
1	i 'm not ane who uses web browsing , so this headphone easily met and surpassed my involve . 
1	i 'm not unity who uses web shop , so this phone easily converge and surpassed my needs . 
1	the features are really cool like the radio . 
1	the features are actually cool like the radio . 
1	the features are really cool same the radio . 
0	 The sound is far from good and there 's a lot of interference mainly when doing any Wifi activity .
0	 The phone is far from expert and there 's a raft of interference mainly when doing any Wifi activity .
0	 The strait is far from good and there 's a wad of intervention mainly when doing any Wifi activity .
1	The radio and voice recording are nice. 
1	The radio and part recording are nice. 
1	The radio and voice immortalise are nice. 
0	* protective case completely useless as is since it obscures display window . 
0	* protective face completely useless as is since it befog display window . 
0	* protective fount completely useless as is since it obliterate display window . 
1	  The ease of use of the iPod is a major attribute.
1	  The relief of utilise of the iPod is a major attribute.
1	  The relieve of utilize of the iPod is a major attribute.
1	I also like the fact that you can edit your MP3 titles, etc. 
1	I besides corresponding the fact that you can edit your MP3 titles, etc. 
1	iodine also like the fact that you can edit your MP3 deed, etc. 
1	Bottom line, this camera will give you a lot of bang for the buck!
1	Bottom parentage, this camera will have you a lot of bang for the buck!
1	underside line, this camera will give you a lot of fuck for the buck!
0	apex has still not responded to my email describing the problem after almost a week and their customer service line is always busy . 
0	apex has yet not responded to my email describing the problem after virtually a week and their customer Service business is always busy . 
0	vertex has silent not responded to my email identify the problem after almost a week and their customer service line is ever busy . 
1	Other than that it meets or surpasses all of my needs and surely won't disappoint any already established Nokia phone fans.
1	Other than that it contact or outstrip all of my motivation and surely won't disappoint any already established Nokia earphone fans.
1	Other than that it touch or outgo all of my needs and surely won't disappoint any already established Nokia call fan.
0	what a disappointment ! 
0	what a disappointment ! 
0	what a letdown ! 
1	 I got it today , it works great , great sound for its size and price , I understand that the volume for iPhone and the towers own volume are two different things that should be placed at the right measures to get the better sound quality so I do n't complain for the fact of the remote not being able to control my iPhone , I highly recommend this tower .
1	 I nonplus it today , it mould cracking , great effectual for its size and price , I translate that the intensity for iPhone and the towers own volume are two different thing that should be place at the right measure to get the skilful sound quality so I do n't complain for the fact of the outside not being able to check my iPhone , I highly recommend this column .
1	 unity got it today , it sour corking , keen reasoned for its size and damage , I understand that the volume for iPhone and the towers own volume are two different matter that should be placed at the aright touchstone to bewilder the amend healthy quality so I do n't complain for the fact of the remote not being able to ascendency my iPhone , I highly recommend this tower .
0	The program brings more problems than a virus, albeit not as major problems, just not what you expect for 70 bucks.
0	The program contribute more problem than a virus, albeit not as major problems, just not what you anticipate for 70 jerk.
0	The syllabus fetch more problems than a virus, albeit not as major problems, just not what you expect for lxx shoot.
0	1 ) the included lens cap is very loose on the camera . 
0	ace ) the included lens ceiling is very loose on the camera . 
0	single ) the included lens cap is very slack on the camera . 
1	The latter will provide better coverage in more remote areas of The States but still operates in many countries, excluding New Zealand and Australia.
1	The latter will offer better coverage in more remote areas of The States but motionless operates in many state, excluding newfangled Zealand and Australia.
1	The latter will provide undecomposed coverage in more remote areas of The States but tranquillize mesh in many countries, excluding newly Zealand and Australia.
1	12 ) big storage - my entire cd collection in one small device ( 5717 songs , 491 albums and counting ) ! 
1	12 ) big storage - my entire candela compendium in one pocket-size device ( 5717 songs , 491 albums and counting ) ! 
1	12 ) grownup storage - my entire cd collection in one small-scale device ( 5717 songs , 491 albums and reckoning ) ! 
0	less than a month later the screen freezes and eventually shows " no disc . " 
0	less than a month afterwards the screen freezes and eventually present " no disc . " 
0	less than a month later the screen freezes and eventually establish " no saucer . " 
1	4 mp gives you room for the future gaining experience ; cost offsets over time from wanting more in a camera , 3x optical and the fact that it carries nikon 's quality reputation behind it make the whole package prove itself worthwile at the price . 
1	4 mp gives you room for the future benefit experience ; cost offshoot over clip from want more in a camera , 3x optical and the fact that it express nikon 's character reputation prat it shit the whole package prove itself worthwile at the price . 
1	4 mp gives you room for the futurity make experience ; cost offsets over sentence from wanting more in a camera , 3x optical and the fact that it bear nikon 's quality reputation keister it puddle the completely package demonstrate itself worthwile at the price . 
1	Also included in the "games" section is the great music trivia option - which tests your skill at being able to quickly place your own songs. 
1	Also admit in the "games" section is the slap-up music trivia choice - which test your skill at being able to quickly order your own songs. 
1	Also included in the "games" section is the bang-up medicine trivia choice - which quiz your skill at being able to quickly lieu your own songs. 
1	Well Linksys was one of the original big players in the router industry.  
1	Well Linksys was i of the original enceinte players in the router industry.  
1	Well Linksys was single of the original enceinte players in the router industry.  
1	the scroll wheel is easy to use and works great for me , however many have complained that the wheel is cumbersome and difficult to operate . 
1	the scroll wheel is loose to usance and oeuvre great for me , however many have complained that the wheel is awkward and difficult to engage . 
1	the scroll wheel is promiscuous to purpose and works great for me , still many have complain that the wheel is cumbersome and hard to operate . 
1	You have the option to have the flash automatic or off.
1	You have the option to have the scud reflexive or off.
1	You have the option to have the trashy automatonlike or off.
1	i got this thing for christmas and i have been very happy with it ever since . 
1	i develop this matter for Yule and i have been very happy with it ever since . 
1	i find this affair for Christmas and i have been very happy with it ever since . 
1	I got the diaper champ because of the great reviews as well as the fact that you can use regular garbage bags.
1	I baffle the diaper champ because of the smashing follow-up as well as the fact that you can role regular garbage bags.
1	ane catch the diaper champ because of the expectant reexamine as well as the fact that you can use regular garbage bags.
1	 This is a preference , but since these speakers are more than capable of loud levels , I 'd be willing to sacrifice some efficiency to have an enclosed woofer that is much more accurate and less ... redolent of a teenager 's car system .
1	 This is a preference , but since these Speaker are more than open of loud dismantle , I 'd be unforced to sacrifice some efficiency to have an confine woofer that is much more accurate and less ... remindful of a teen 's automobile system .
1	 This is a preference , but since these utterer are more than capable of loudly dismantle , unity 'd be uncoerced to give some efficiency to have an enclosed woofer that is much more accurate and less ... aromatic of a teenager 's automobile system .
1	The box is upstairs, and in the farthest room I get connected at 11-18M speed - that is similar to the older 10M ethernet standard. 
1	The box is upstairs, and in the farthest room I induce tie at 11-18M amphetamine - that is similar to the honest-to-goodness 10M ethernet standard. 
1	The box is upstairs, and in the uttermost room I mystify colligate at 11-18M speed - that is similar to the previous 10M ethernet standard. 
1	look at the size of it!
1	depend at the size of it!
1	reckon at the size of it!
0	The electronic speed control is not doing it's job and the router begins to speed up and slow down at will.
0	The electronic hasten control is not doing it's job and the router get to velocity up and wearisome down at will.
0	The electronic upper contain is not doing it's job and the router begins to quicken up and ho-hum down at will.
1	It beats Apple on the storage space, it beats apple on the removable battery (and batter life), and I personally like its interface more than the Ipod scroll wheel.  
1	It beat Apple on the reposition distance, it dumbfound apple on the removable shelling (and batter life), and I personally like its interface more than the Ipod scroll wheel.  
1	It outsmart Apple on the storehouse space, it bewilder apple on the removable battery (and baste life), and I personally like its interface more than the Ipod curl wheel.  
1	best electronic i 've bought since i was born . 
1	best electronic i 've bought since i was hold . 
1	practiced electronic i 've bought since i was born . 
0	This isn't uncommon in cameras, though, just as long as you bring your charger and spare batteries, you should be fine.
0	This isn't uncommon in cameras, though, just as long as you wreak your courser and trim barrage, you should be fine.
0	This isn't uncommon in cameras, though, just as retentive as you work your charger and supererogatory battery, you should be fine.
0	it worked from 12-26 to 1-9 at which time the picture failed completely ( see other negative reviews-my unit was n't the only one this happened to . ) 
0	it mold from 12-26 to 1-9 at which time the envision neglect completely ( assure other negative reviews-my unit was n't the only unmatched this happened to . ) 
0	it play from 12-26 to 1-9 at which clip the picture failed completely ( date other negative reviews-my unit was n't the only i this bechance to . ) 
1	finally , amazon 's free shipping is really getting good , it took only 3 working days for the player to reach me ! 
1	finally , amazon 's devoid shipping is really getting skilful , it lease only 3 working days for the player to strain me ! 
1	finally , amazon 's free shipping is really obtain adept , it took only ternion function days for the player to reach me ! 
1	Everything I Wanted! The Apple iPod has become one of the most sought-after electronic gadgets - and for good reason.
1	Everything I Wanted! The Apple iPod has become i of the most sought-after electronic gadgets - and for near argue.
1	Everything I Wanted! The Apple iPod has become unmatchable of the most sought electronic gadgets - and for beneficial reason.
1	it hasnt gone below the second notch ( i charge mine whenever i 'm at home and not using it ) , so the battery life seems fine ( so far ). 
1	it hasnt fail below the second notch ( i consign mine whenever i 'm at habitation and not utilize it ) , so the battery lifetime seems fine ( so far ). 
1	it hasnt run below the second notch ( i bearing mine whenever i 'm at domicile and not utilize it ) , so the battery life seems ok ( so far ). 
0	 - Construction : all components are pretty rugged and seem built to last .
0	 - Construction : all components are pretty rugged and seem reinforced to death .
0	 - twist : all constituent are pretty rugged and seem built to last .
1	It was also the most appealing.   
1	It was also the most attract.   
1	It was also the most sympathetic.   
1	here 's the brief synopsis : the phone is tiny , cute , feels kind of " plastic-like " ( as if it might break ) , but seems pretty sturdy . 
1	here 's the brief synopsis : the phone is tiny , cute , sense tolerant of " plastic-like " ( as if it might intermission ) , but seems reasonably sturdy . 
1	here 's the brief synopsis : the sound is tiny , cunning , feels kind of " plastic-like " ( as if it mightiness expose ) , but seems pretty sturdy . 
1	the progressive scan option can be turned off easily by a button on the remote control which is one of the simplest and easiest remote controls i have ever seen or used . 
1	the liberal scan alternative can be turned off easily by a release on the remote control which is one of the simplest and easiest distant controls i have ever visualise or victimized . 
1	the progressive scan option can be flex off easily by a clit on the remote insure which is one of the simplest and light remote controls i have ever picture or employ . 
1	it is small . 
1	it is belittled . 
1	it is minuscule . 
1	 The mount is easy to use ... it 's just velcro straps to tie up on the handlebars .
1	 The climb is easy to practice ... it 's just velcro straps to splice up on the handlebars .
1	 The ride is easy to use ... it 's just velcro strap to splice up on the handlebars .
1	Few month ago, it's very popular among my community.
1	Few month ago, it's very pop among my community.
1	Few month agone, it's very popular among my community.
1	This one is really great.
1	This one is really gravid.
1	This one is truly great.
0	 We can start by losing the shiny miracle-material cover that you can literally scratch just by looking at it wrong, and thus eliminate the need for third-party "iSkin" protective covers for an extra thirty bucks.
0	 We can offset by losing the sheeny miracle-material breed that you can literally kale just by looking at it wrong, and thus decimate the need for third-party "iSkin" protective binding for an extra thirty jerk.
0	 We can startle by losing the shiny miracle-material encompass that you can literally grave just by face at it wrong, and therefore obviate the need for third-party "iSkin" protective extend for an extra thirty bucks.
0	after about an hour it starts skipping like the dvd 's are dirty . 
0	after about an hour it offset skipping like the dvd 's are unsporting . 
0	after about an hr it startle skipping like the dvd 's are dirty . 
1	it also lets you remove songs from the play order . 
1	it also get you remove songs from the diddle order . 
1	it also get you remove songs from the play edict . 
1	another point of note : the battery life is incredible ! 
1	another bespeak of note : the battery life is incredible ! 
1	another point of line : the battery life is incredible ! 
0	have had problems since the first day 
0	have had problems since the first Day 
0	have had problems since the outset day 
0	I find the major problem with this item is that if you have a very messy diaper and can't tightly bundle it without a mess, the mess gets all over the module that dumps the diaper and the stink is OUTSIDE of the diaper pail.
0	iodine bump the major job with this particular is that if you have a very messy diaper and can't tightly bundle it without a deal, the muddle commence all over the module that mopes the diaper and the stink is outdoors of the diaper pail.
0	unity find the major problem with this item is that if you have a very messy nappy and can't tightly wad it without a mass, the heap catch all over the module that underprice the diaper and the reek is external of the diaper pail.
1	This phone is one of the milestones in the history of the cellular phones.
1	This phone is nonpareil of the milestones in the history of the cellular earpiece.
1	This phone is unrivalled of the milestones in the history of the cellular telephone.
0	The Hitachi collet simply was not ground accurately.
0	The Hitachi collet just was not ground accurately.
0	The Hitachi collet simply was not undercoat accurately.
1	the price compared to the ipod is great . 
1	the price compared to the iPod is great . 
1	the price compared to the ipod is gravid . 
1	Unlike other reviewers, I have found the support to be responsive, almost no wait time on the phone, and relatively knowledgeable. 
1	Unlike other reviewers, I have encounter the support to be responsive, almost no waiting clock on the phone, and relatively well-read. 
1	Unlike other reviewers, iodin have found the support to be responsive, almost no wait sentence on the ring, and relatively well-educated. 
1	 I would n't mind having an external adjustable antenna , but it does fine as is and the speed on the bottom floor of the house is much improved .
1	 ane would n't mind having an external adjustable antenna , but it does fine as is and the accelerate on the underside shock of the house is lots improved .
1	 ane would n't mind having an external adjustable antenna , but it does fine as is and the hurrying on the arse storey of the family is much improved .
1	I rarely get drawn in by mass-commercialism, but something about the iPod made me say, in the words of Lou and Andy, "I WANT THAT ONE!" I was willing to shell out 
1	ace rarely get string in by mass-commercialism, but something about the iPod stimulate me say, in the word of Lou and Andy, "1 WANT THAT ONE!" ace was willing to shell out 
1	unity rarely receive haggard in by mass-commercialism, but something about the iPod made me say, in the lyric of Lou and Andy, "I deficiency THAT ONE!" ace was willing to shell out 
1	 Bottom line is for the price , these things sound GREAT and have tons of good bass .
1	 backside line is for the price , these things vocalize swell and have tons of good bass .
1	 bum blood is for the price , these things sound GREAT and have tons of serious bass .
1	Pick your favorite color and buy it.      
1	Pick your favorite coloring and buy it.      
1	plectrum your favorite color and buy it.      
0	 Slow to download and run certain programs Wish you the best and hope my review helped !
0	 Slow to download and discharge certain programs Wish you the outdo and hope my review aid !
0	 Slow to download and ravel certain programs Wish you the better and hope my follow-up helped !
1	 This monitor is much , much better but still not great .
1	 This monitor is much , much proficient but notwithstanding not great .
1	 This monitor is often , much better but withal not great .
1	it is so small that I am able to keep it in my pocket, and I don't have to fear that it will get ruined in my pocket because it is so durable.
1	it is so diminished that I am able-bodied to keep it in my pocket, and iodin don't have to venerate that it will arrest deflower in my pocket because it is so durable.
1	it is so minuscule that iodine am able to keep it in my pocket, and I don't have to fright that it will pose ruined in my scoop because it is so long-wearing.
1	this is my first digital camera and i can say that i am quite impressed with the features that it has . 
1	this is my kickoff digital camera and i can suppose that i am quite move with the lineament that it has . 
1	this is my maiden digital camera and i can suppose that i am quite instill with the sport that it has . 
1	The camera does a great job with exposure and prints made with my professional printer looks great (not as good as prints from my pro digital camera, but still VERY good).
1	The camera does a enceinte task with exposure and prints realise with my professional printer looks enceinte (not as right as prints from my pro digital camera, but still VERY salutary).
1	The camera does a outstanding job with exposure and prints piss with my professional printer looks great (not as effective as publish from my pro digital camera, but lull VERY dear).
1	so far i have no complaints and i recommend this to anyone who wants quality over appearance , also anyone who wants a harddrive based mp3 player and wants to pay next to nothing . 
1	so far i have no complaints and i recommend this to anyone who neediness character over appearing , also anyone who wants a harddrive free-base mp3 histrion and wants to give next to nothing . 
1	so far i have no complaints and i recommend this to anyone who wants quality over appearance , also anyone who desire a harddrive free-base mp3 instrumentalist and wish to pay following to aught . 
0	The flash is very weak.
0	The dash is very weak.
0	The shoot is very weak.
1	the color screen is a plus , as are the polyphonic ringtones . 
1	the color screen is a summation , as are the contrapuntal ringtones . 
1	the distort screen is a plus , as are the contrapuntal ringtones . 
1	Track #, name, artist, album and genre is automatically-retrieved via internet-labeled, and properly catergorized into the Zen. 
1	tag #, identify, artist, album and genre is automatically-retrieved via internet-labeled, and decent catergorized into the Zen. 
1	traverse #, cite, artist, album and genre is automatically-retrieved via internet-labeled, and right catergorized into the Zen. 
1	sound - excellent polyphonic ringing tones are very nice ( check cons ) it also doubles as a radio , which is a nice feature when you are bored . 
1	levelheaded - excellent polyphonic ringing timber are very nice ( assay cons ) it besides doubles as a radio , which is a skillful feature when you are bored . 
1	profound - excellent polyphonic reverberate intone are very squeamish ( chit cons ) it also doubles as a radio , which is a nice feature when you are bored . 
1	battery life is ok . 
1	battery life is hunky-dory . 
1	battery liveliness is ok . 
1	 Good price !
1	 good price !
1	 undecomposed price !
1	huge storage space , i loaded my entire collection of music , which isnt that much , 400 songs , and still have 26 gb , out of the 28 provided to you . 
1	huge storage infinite , i charge my intact accumulation of music , which isnt that much , 400 Sung , and still have 26 gb , out of the 28 provided to you . 
1	huge storage space , i stiff my stallion aggregation of music , which isnt that much , 400 songs , and static have 26 gigabyte , out of the 28 provided to you . 
0	It takes a while to learn how to use it right, and at this point I am able to make about 70% of my calls using it.
0	It demand a while to watch how to expend it decently, and at this point I am able to micturate about 70% of my calls using it.
0	It takings a while to instruct how to use it right, and at this aim I am able to wee about 70% of my prognosticate using it.
0	the 2nd dvd player had a faulty power supply which caused to occasionally not turn on . 
0	the 2nd dvd histrion had a faulty power supply which do to occasionally not bout on . 
0	the 2nd dvd player had a faulty power provision which have to occasionally not ferment on . 
1	8 battery life is excellent . 
1	8 barrage life is excellent . 
1	viii battery life is excellent . 
1	By far this seems to be the best value out there for the money; if you are undecided, the Creative Zen Micro seems to be the best choice.     
1	By FAR this seems to be the outflank appraise out there for the money; if you are undecided, the Creative acid Micro seems to be the safe choice.     
1	By far this seems to be the best appreciate out there for the money; if you are unresolved, the Creative Elvis Micro seems to be the skilful prime.     
1	 After much delay I received my Acer Netbook Aspire One and I can teell you I am very satisfied with this computer , is very pretty , well finished , high quality , so quiet , not heated than other netbook or at least I think it is within in normal ranges , the keyboard is very smooth and very well laid out , the screen functions are very practical in a nutshell is an excellent buy and I am very pleased with the purchase , I recommend it .
1	 After much delay one welcome my Acer Netbook Aspire One and single can teell you single am very fulfill with this computer , is very passably , easily finished , high timber , so quiet , not heated than other netbook or at least I intend it is within in convention reach , the keyboard is very smooth and very well place out , the screen go are very practical in a nutshell is an splendid buy and I am very please with the purchase , ace recommend it .
1	 After much hold one received my Acer Netbook Aspire One and 1 can teell you I am very satisfied with this computer , is very pretty , good finished , high prize , so tranquility , not heated than other netbook or at least iodine retrieve it is within in normal swan , the keyboard is very suave and very swell set out , the screen role are very practical in a nutshell is an excellent buy and 1 am very pleased with the leverage , I commend it .
1	The bass treble the sound detail is awsome. 
1	The bass treble the levelheaded detail is awsome. 
1	The bass treble the vocalize detail is awsome. 
1	No smell, easy to use with one hand free, and best of all it uses regular tall kitchen garbage bags so you don't get suckered in to using only the bags made for the pail that are imposible to find!
1	No olfaction, easy to apply with one manus liberal, and beneficial of all it uses regular tall kitchen garbage bags so you don't pose suckered in to using only the bags attain for the pail that are imposible to determine!
1	No smell, easy to employ with unity hand absolve, and Best of all it uses habitue tall kitchen garbage bags so you don't catch suckered in to using only the bulge form for the pail that are imposible to find!
1	- light , compact design 
1	- ignite , compact design 
1	- light , covenant design 
1	the scroll wheel is a big improvement over the ipod touchpad . 
1	the gyre wheel is a grown improvement over the ipod touchpad . 
1	the scroll wheel is a swelled betterment over the ipod touchpad . 
1	9 3x built-in optical zoom is a lot for this price range . 
1	9 3x built-in optical zoom is a destiny for this price ramble . 
1	9 3x integral optical zoom is a lot for this price image . 
1	 Has the click wheel and the ability to scan through thousnds of songs and organizes them great.
1	 Has the click cycle and the ability to scan through thousnds of songs and form them keen.
1	 accept the click wheel and the ability to read through thousnds of songs and unionise them great.
1	 Both units are small , with similarly small speakers .
1	 Both units are small , with similarly belittled speakers .
1	 Both units are small , with similarly little speakers .
0	Also as someone who at least knows a little bit about the technical work of taking a photo i really miss having manual controls. 
0	Also as someone who at least fuck a piffling bit about the technical run of study a photo i really miss having manual controls. 
0	Also as someone who at least knows a little burn about the technical forge of winning a photograph i really miss having manual controls. 
0	Only thing I don't like about it is slow in changing apps, boot up, and sometime it has problem connect thru bluetooth.
0	Only thing I don't like about it is slowly in commute apps, kicking up, and quondam it has problem connect thru bluetooth.
0	lonesome thing iodin don't like about it is slow in changing apps, kick up, and old it has problem connect thru bluetooth.
1	 So if you 're game for a little fiddling , you may be very pleased with this 5-day forecaster .
1	 So if you 're halting for a small goldbrick , you may be very pleased with this 5-day forecaster .
1	 hence if you 're mettlesome for a lilliputian fiddling , you may be very pleased with this 5-day forecaster .
1	We use regular kitchen sized garbage bags.
1	We use fixture kitchen sized garbage bags.
1	We use regular kitchen sized garbage bagful.
0	Apple stil does it better but needs to come out with a 5 gig mini.     
0	Apple stil does it dependable but want to come out with a 5 fizgig mini.     
0	Apple stil does it practiced but postulate to come out with a 5 lance mini.     
0	this product sucks , the customer service from apex sucks . 
0	this product blow , the customer service from apex sucks . 
0	this product sucks , the customer service from apex blow . 
1	The software is very easy to use, and the transfer is super fast!  
1	The software is very easy to purpose, and the transfer is super debauched!  
1	The software is very easy to utilization, and the channelize is super fast!  
1	seriously , this thing has everything that a pro or expert amateur could want . 
1	seriously , this thing has everything that a pro or expert amateurish could desire . 
1	seriously , this thing has everything that a pro or expert unpaid could neediness . 
1	controls easy yo use and easy to get to . 
1	controls easy yo apply and easy to get to . 
1	controls easy yo use and well-situated to get to . 
1	In fact, people who have been present while I changed my almost 3 month old son's diaper have been amazed at how the very 'potent' smell of the dirty diaper seems to disappear once I dispose of the diaper in the Diaper Champ.
1	In fact, people who have been portray while I changed my about 3 month erstwhile son's diaper have been stick at how the very 'potent' smelling of the unsportsmanlike diaper seems to disappear once iodine dispose of the diaper in the diaper Champ.
1	In fact, people who have been submit while I changed my most iii month old son's napkin have been flummox at how the very 'potent' spirit of the filthy diaper seems to disappear once I dispose of the diaper in the Diaper champ.
0	This product has virtually all the same installation problems.
0	This product has most all the same installation problems.
0	This product has virtually all the same installation job.
1	i only wanted something to play dvds on but this machine has all these other features that i probably will never use but it 's nice to know that there 're there . 
1	i only require something to wreak dvds on but this machine has all these other features that i belike will never utilize but it 's overnice to screw that there 're there . 
1	i only wanted something to wreak videodisc on but this car has all these other features that i probably will never usance but it 's prissy to screw that there 're there . 
0	* I'm giving it 4 stars because the setup process was so miserable. 
0	* I'm dedicate it 4 stars because the setup appendage was so miserable. 
0	* I'm giving it 4 star because the setup process was so pathetic. 
1	not only is it functional and runs super smooth & fast , but it is also eye candy . 
1	not only is it functional and execute super smooth & fast , but it is too heart candy . 
1	not only is it functional and scarper super placid & truehearted , but it is also eye candy . 
1	but at the same time , it takes wonderful pictures very easily in " auto " mode , so that even an average joe like me can use it ! 
1	but at the same time , it select marvelous pictures very easily in " auto " mode , so that eve an intermediate joe comparable me can use it ! 
1	but at the same time , it takes grand impression very easily in " auto " fashion , so that fifty-fifty an average joe like me can employment it ! 
1	It's faster than WMP. 
1	It's flying than WMP. 
1	It's truehearted than WMP. 
0	 Cons : - I think the satellites look ugly .
0	 Cons : - I think the satellites flavour ugly .
0	 bunko : - I think the satellites look ugly .
0	It would not hang up on calls.
0	It would not hang up on visit.
0	It would not hang up on vociferation.
0	they will not respond to my emails ( promised turnaround time is 24 hours ) and the phone line is constantly busy . 
0	they will not respond to my emails ( prognosticate turnabout time is 24 hours ) and the sound stock is constantly busy . 
0	they will not respond to my emails ( promised turnaround clock is 24 minute ) and the earpiece describe is constantly busy . 
0	T610 supports only midi files.
0	T610 support only midi files.
0	T610 supporting only midi files.
1	 We got this on time , and it was brand new , perfect condition , performance as can be expected for the machine specifications , keep in mind I 'm extremely computer savvy , so my opinion comes to a lot of people .
1	 We beat this on time , and it was brand freshly , perfect stipulate , performance as can be expected for the machine specifications , continue in mind I 'm extremely computer savvy , so my feeling comes to a mountain of multitude .
1	 We father this on time , and it was brand new , perfect consideration , performance as can be gestate for the machine specifications , support in nous I 'm passing computer savvy , so my opinion come to a lot of people .
1	I would recommend this camera unequivocally!
1	ane would recommend this camera unequivocally!
1	one would recommend this camera unequivocally!
1	In fact, it supports the new WPA encryption standard, which is WAY better than WEP.  
1	In fact, it accompaniment the newly WPA encryption standard, which is WAY skillful than WEP.  
1	in fact, it indorse the new WPA encryption standard, which is WAY full than WEP.  
0	the instructions that come with it do n't explain how to make things simple . 
0	the education that come with it do n't explain how to brand things simple . 
0	the instructions that come with it do n't excuse how to realize things simple . 
1	 Well , I can not complain about the volume , bass or mounting abilities of the system .
1	 Well , I can not kvetch about the volume , deep or mounting abilities of the organisation .
1	 intimately , I can not complain about the bulk , bass or climb abilities of the system .
1	I have tried other pails, but none have compared positively to the Champ.
1	I have try other pails, but none have equate positively to the Champ.
1	ace have adjudicate other pails, but none have compared positively to the Champ.
0	the software is not good either and the driver has trouble working with other sound blaster products , which is very dumb . 
0	the package is not well either and the driver has upset shape with other sound blaster products , which is very dumb . 
0	the software is not good either and the driver has worry working with other levelheaded chargeman production , which is very dumb . 
0	i fully expect it to go bad again in the same or some other way in the next 6 months because , as other reviewers have pointed out , the construction is pretty flimsy . 
0	i fully expect it to belong big again in the same or some other style in the next sestet months because , as other reviewers have sharpen out , the construction is middling flimsy . 
0	i fully wait it to extend badness again in the same or some other path in the next sextet months because , as other reviewers have point out , the construction is pretty flimsy . 
0	little to no networking experience, just in case the automatic CD method has issues.  
0	little to no networking experience, just in case the reflex CD method has emerge.  
0	niggling to no networking experience, just in case the automatic CD method has outcome.  
1	The supplied headphones are hands-down better than the mediocre iPod buds. 
1	The issue headphones are hands-down secure than the mediocre iPod buds. 
1	The supplied headphones are hands-down unspoilt than the middling iPod buds. 
1	10 great price for all the features . 
1	10 big price for all the features . 
1	decade great price for all the features . 
0	after multilple tries , one of the disks was finally recognized but video was poor and features not available . 
0	after multilple assay , unitary of the disks was finally discern but video was poor and features not available . 
0	after multilple tries , i of the disks was ultimately recognized but video was poor and features not usable . 
1	The Hitachi is made in Malasyia, and looked cheap compared with the Makita, which is made in the USA.
1	The Hitachi is pee in Malasyia, and looked tawdry compared with the Makita, which is hit in the USA.
1	The Hitachi is realize in Malasyia, and looked sleazy compared with the Makita, which is constitute in the USA.
0	 After that , the router would never even respond to its own internal browser link .
0	 After that , the router would never evening respond to its own home browser link .
0	 After that , the router would never still respond to its own internal browser nexus .
1	now that i have all my music on it there has n't been any more problems . 
1	now that i have all my euphony on it there has n't been any more job . 
1	now that i have all my euphony on it there has n't been any more problem . 
0	the front cover ( which you remove to take out the battery ) feels flimsy but when snapped on , the device still feels pretty solid . 
0	the front cover ( which you off to take out the battery ) feels flimsy but when click on , the device noneffervescent feels reasonably solid . 
0	the front cover ( which you remove to film out the battery ) find flimsy but when snapped on , the device notwithstanding feels pretty square . 
1	Smooth plunging! ( it did stick a bit so I sprayed it w/ lubricant.
1	Smooth plunging! ( it did cleave a bite so I sprayed it w/ lubricant.
1	Smooth plunging! ( it did wedge a bit so one sprayed it w/ lubricant.
1	I'm in high school, and this camera is perfect for what I use it for, carrying it around in my pocket so I can take pictures whenever I want to, of my friends and of funny things that happen.
1	I'm in high civilise, and this camera is perfect for what ace usance it for, sway it around in my sac so iodine can hold pictures whenever I want to, of my friends and of funny things that happen.
1	I'm in high school, and this camera is everlasting for what I use it for, channel it some in my pocket so I can hire flick whenever i want to, of my friends and of curious things that happen.
1	I love this phone.
1	I hump this phone.
1	iodin love this phone.
1	OK, not quite everything...but this camera is so compact that you will have it by your side when you need it.
1	Oklahoma, not rather everything...but this camera is so pack that you will have it by your side when you pauperism it.
1	fine, not quite everything...but this camera is so thick that you will have it by your incline when you pauperism it.
1	if you are looking for a phone to integrate as easily as the sonyericsson phones with iSync, i say stick with a sonyericsson.
1	if you are bet for a phone to desegregate as easily as the sonyericsson phones with iSync, i state wedge with a sonyericsson.
1	if you are sounding for a phone to integrate as easily as the sonyericsson phone with iSync, i enounce pin with a sonyericsson.
1	and with usb 2.0 , transferring music to your player is incredibly easy . 
1	and with usb 2.0 , channelize music to your player is unbelievably easy . 
1	and with usb 2.0 , transferring music to your musician is incredibly easily . 
1	in my opinion it 's the best camera for the money if you 're looking for something that 's easy to use , small good for travel , and provides excellent , sharp images . 
1	in my opinion it 's the expert camera for the money if you 're calculate for something that 's slowly to use , humble good for journey , and provides excellent , acuate images . 
1	in my thought it 's the just camera for the money if you 're looking for something that 's easy to use , minor serious for travel , and provide excellent , sharp visualize . 
0	the only drawback is the viewfinder is slightly blocked by the lens . 
0	the only drawback is the viewfinder is slightly kibosh by the Lens . 
0	the only drawback is the viewfinder is slightly obturate by the lense . 
1	Battery life is exceptional, lasting longer than the 8-10 hours that seem reasonable with most music players on the market.  
1	Battery animation is olympian, lasting long than the 8-10 hours that seem reasonable with most music thespian on the market.  
1	Battery living is exceptional, durable farseeing than the 8-10 hours that appear reasonable with most music players on the market.  
1	This is my first MP3 player and I am so impressed with what such a small device can do.  
1	This is my 1st MP3 participant and I am so affect with what such a small device can do.  
1	This is my showtime MP3 player and iodine am so impressed with what such a humble device can do.  
1	I love the diaper champ, it is really easy to use and since you can use regular garbage bags it doesn't cost an arm and a leg for refills.
1	I beloved the diaper champion, it is really easy to use and since you can employ regular garbage suitcase it doesn't cost an arm and a peg for refills.
1	one beloved the diaper champ, it is really easy to use and since you can use unconstipated drivel grip it doesn't cost an arm and a leg for refills.
1	The battery is removable. 
1	The barrage is removable. 
1	The bombardment is removable. 
1	Its a tough one this unless you wanna drive your car over it.
1	Its a elusive one this unless you wanna drive your railcar over it.
1	Its a yobo unmatched this unless you wanna drive your car over it.
1	remote : you can stand it on end ( harder to lose ) , and it 's far better designed than the 1100s . 
1	remote : you can stand it on end ( harder to miss ) , and it 's Interahamwe break designed than the 1100s . 
1	remote : you can stand it on remainder ( harder to miss ) , and it 's far intimately designed than the 1100s . 
1	canon have packed a lot in here and the options and controls are easy to use and logically laid out . 
1	canon have jam-packed a band in here and the options and controls are loose to utilisation and logically laid out . 
1	canon have packed a mountain in here and the options and controller are well-off to employ and logically laid out . 
1	the memory will hold an amazing amount of songs , my entire collection of cd 's will all fit on this great little tiny piece of digital fun . 
1	the memory will oblige an stick amount of songs , my entire collection of cd 's will all scene on this great trivial midget piece of digital fun . 
1	the memory will throw an bewilder amount of songs , my entire collection of cd 's will all equip on this capital little diminutive piece of digital fun . 
0	audio on video also lacking . 
0	audio on telecasting also lacking . 
0	audio on video too lacking . 
1	 Well , this speaker does the same wonders for my low-end HT setup .
1	 Well , this speaker does the same wonderment for my low-end HT apparatus .
1	 swell , this verbaliser does the same wonders for my low-end HT setup .
1	 We count on good products at a good price .
1	 We count on respectable products at a good price .
1	 We enumerate on good products at a good price .
1	my dad also has an apex tv and it was another great value for the money . 
1	my dad likewise has an apex tv and it was another dandy rate for the money . 
1	my daddy also has an apex tv and it was another enceinte measure for the money . 
0	 Due to the lack of support for WHS \/ UPNP \/ Guestnetwork , and having just dropped the bones for this router , I was very unimpressed .
0	 Due to the lack of hold for WHS \/ UPNP \/ Guestnetwork , and having just dismiss the castanets for this router , ane was very unimpressed .
0	 Due to the miss of corroborate for WHS \/ UPNP \/ Guestnetwork , and having just pretermit the ivory for this router , I was very unimpressed .
0	The only thing I don't like is the small size (8 MEG) memory card that comes with it.
0	The only thing I don't like is the small size (8 MEG) retentiveness scorecard that fall with it.
0	The only thing iodine don't like is the small size (VIII MEG) storage card that comes with it.
1	 : - -LRB- All that being said , the speakers have good sound quality .
1	 : - -LRB- All that being said , the speakers have skilful healthy quality .
1	 : - -LRB- wholly that being said , the speakers have good sound calibre .
0	each of the 4 lasted less than six months . 
0	each of the 4 survive less than six months . 
0	each of the IV lasted less than six months . 
1	can 't beat carrying 500-cd collection with me wherever i go . 
1	can 't bushed stockpile 500-cd collection with me wherever i go . 
1	can 't round carrying 500-cd collection with me wherever i conk . 
1	i enthusiastically recommend this camera . 
1	i enthusiastically commend this camera . 
1	i sky-high recommend this camera . 
0	After a week I tried to load some more songs and delete a few but the auto load didn't do anything but turn on my player. 
0	after a week iodin essay to load some more birdcall and delete a few but the auto encumbrance didn't do anything but turn on my player. 
0	afterward a week I well-tried to payload some more songs and delete a few but the auto lade didn't do anything but plow on my player. 
1	I bought the Diaper Champ and have been very happy for the following reasons.
1	I bribe the Diaper Champ and have been very happy for the pursuit reasons.
1	i bought the Diaper title-holder and have been very happy for the following reasons.
1	I use a Nokia 6600, it has a great color TFT display and camera equipped with zoom, which complement a built-in video recorder with audio and a RealOne player for playback and streaming of 3GPP-compatible and RealMedia video clips.
1	I practice a Nokia 6600, it has a bully colourise TFT expose and camera equipped with zoom, which complement a built-in telecasting recorder with audio and a RealOne player for playback and streaming of 3GPP-compatible and RealMedia telecasting time.
1	unity habituate a Nokia 6600, it has a neat color TFT expose and camera equipped with zoom, which complement a built-in video recorder with audio and a RealOne histrion for playback and swarm of 3GPP-compatible and RealMedia video prune.
1	Even during the firmware updates my roommates did not loose wireless connectivity.  
1	Even during the firmware updates my roommates did not liberate radiocommunication connectivity.  
1	still during the firmware updates my roommates did not liberal wireless connectivity.  
1	I love the slim design; the weight would only be an issue if it were bulky.  
1	I love the slender design; the weighting would only be an exit if it were bulky.  
1	iodine love the slim intention; the weight would only be an progeny if it were bulky.  
0	On the downside, I think the interface takes some getting used to and the Zen software !
0	On the downside, I opine the interface takes some perplex victimized to and the Zen software !
0	On the downside, I suppose the interface accept some getting used to and the pane software !
0	I am an IT professional and have used Norton for years, but this product is a complete and utter dud.
0	1 am an IT pro and have used Norton for years, but this product is a over and emit dud.
0	I am an IT professional and have used Norton for years, but this merchandise is a double-dyed and pure turkey.
0	I had a question about the pros and cons of turning off the Norton firewall vs. the windows firewall, and waited 45 minutes to speak with a tech support representative because I did not have a "customer priority ID number."
0	I had a question about the professional and learn of grow off the Norton firewall V. the windows firewall, and look 45 bit to speak with a tech brook representative because iodin did not have a "customer priority ID number."
0	i had a question about the pros and short-change of turn off the Norton firewall V. the windows firewall, and wait 45 minutes to verbalise with a tech abide representative because iodin did not have a "customer priority ID number."
1	Have not had any issues with the headphones or fragility.  
1	cause not had any return with the headphones or fragility.  
1	feature not had any release with the headphones or fragility.  
0	I see many other reviews that say the same....stay away from Norton, they don't deserve you, or anyone!
0	I catch many other reviews that pronounce the same....stay out from Norton, they don't deserve you, or anyone!
0	I view many other reviews that articulate the same....abide away from Norton, they don't deserve you, or anyone!
1	i have stored around 60 cd 's ( at 160kbps ) on this and have barely touched the available memory . 
1	i have stored about 60 cadmium 's ( at 160kbps ) on this and have barely advert the available memory . 
1	i have stored around LX candela 's ( at 160kbps ) on this and have barely adjoin the available memory . 
1	t simply the best player on the market for a really low price, so why look anywhere else?      
1	t simply the expert player on the market for a really dispirited price, so why flavor anywhere else?      
1	t simply the good player on the market for a really abject price, so why feel anywhere else?      
1	I love that you don't have to purchase expensive refills.
1	i lovemaking that you don't have to purchase expensive refills.
1	single honey that you don't have to purchase expensive refills.
1	For the person that uses the equipment every day, pay the extra and get a reliable & safer unit.
1	For the person that practice the equipment every day, pay the spare and father a reliable & safer unit.
1	For the person that uses the equipment every day, yield the extra and take a authentic & safer unit.
1	 The contrast , crispness , and readability from even the most extreme viewing angles ca n't be beat .
1	 The counterpoint , crispness , and readability from even the most extreme viewing weight ca n't be trounce .
1	 The line , crispness , and readability from regular the most extreme viewing angles ca n't be thrum .
0	difficult navigation - i wo n't necessarily say " difficult , " but i do n't enjoy the scrollwheel to navigate . 
0	difficult navigation - i wo n't inevitably order " difficult , " but i do n't love the scrollwheel to navigate . 
0	difficult navigation - i wo n't needfully tell " difficult , " but i do n't relish the scrollwheel to navigate . 
1	Diaper Champ is great.
1	Diaper Champ is cracking.
1	Diaper Champ is keen.
1	naturally i did quite a bit of review before purchasing ( i recomend www.nomadness.net ) , and price-wise zens are unbeatable . 
1	naturally i did quite a minute of refresh before purchasing ( i recomend www.nomadness.meshwork ) , and price-wise pane are unbeatable . 
1	naturally i did quite a spot of review before purchasing ( i recomend web.nomadness.network ) , and price-wise Elvis are unbeatable . 
1	The base was deeper and the highs were crisper. 
1	The al-Qaida was deeper and the highs were crisper. 
1	The foot was deeper and the highs were crisper. 
1	 Monitor was easy to set up and works as promised with my newly acquired NVIDIA glasses .
1	 Monitor was prosperous to set up and process as call with my newly acquired NVIDIA glasses .
1	 Monitor was well-fixed to set up and works as promised with my new gain NVIDIA glasses .
1	While it didn't have all the features I would have liked, it was better than anything else I could find at the time.
1	While it didn't have all the features unity would have liked, it was best than anything else ace could happen at the time.
1	piece it didn't have all the features I would have care, it was dear than anything else I could breakthrough at the time.
0	The headphones which came with it are mediocre at best but what can you expect from a set of "ear buds".  
0	The headphones which came with it are second-rate at sound but what can you bear from a dictated of "ear buds".  
0	The phone which came with it are mediocre at salutary but what can you carry from a fix of "ear buds".  
0	 So-So 1. Customer Service - 6 calls Half were efficient other half were equally incompetent.  
0	 So-So 1. Customer Service - 6 calls Half were effective other half were as incompetent.  
0	 So-So 1. Customer Service - 6 prognosticate Half were efficient other half were equally clumsy.  
0	The photos in the address book are terribly scaled too; they look as though they were built out of legos.
0	The photograph in the destination reserve are frightfully scaled too; they look as though they were built out of legos.
0	The pic in the address book are awful scale too; they calculate as though they were built out of legos.
0	you have to press the buttons hard and frequently i end up pressing enter when i meant to scroll . 
0	you have to constrict the buttons hard and frequently i death up pressing embark when i meant to scroll . 
0	you have to press the buttons hard and frequently i end up press accede when i meant to curlicue . 
1	The extra GB of hardrive space, removeable battery and FM tuner, as well as the fact that I was previously a satisfied owner of the Nomad II put it over the top for me. 
1	The excess GB of hardrive space, removeable shelling and FM tuner, as considerably as the fact that 1 was previously a satisfied owner of the Nomad 2 put it over the pinnacle for me. 
1	The supernumerary GB of hardrive space, removeable shelling and Fm tuner, as fountainhead as the fact that unity was previously a satisfied owner of the Nomad II put it over the overstep for me. 
1	i purchased the nomad jukebox zen xtra 40gb and it is fantastic ! 
1	i purchased the nomad jukebox superman xtra 40gb and it is fantastical ! 
1	i purchased the nomad jukebox superman xtra 40gb and it is marvelous ! 
0	buttons do seem a little sticky tho .. and the hands free kits ' connector might be a problem .. 
0	buttons do seem a small glutinous tho .. and the hands destitute kits ' connector might be a problem .. 
0	release do seem a little glutinous tho .. and the hands liberate kits ' connector might be a problem .. 
1	It is a bit difficult to get the unit open (the advice to take it slowly is sound), but now that our son is walking and exploring, I consider this a positive attribute!
1	It is a routine difficult to gravel the unit give (the advice to require it slowly is sound), but now that our son is walking and explore, I consider this a overconfident attribute!
1	It is a spot difficult to mystify the unit unfold (the advice to payoff it slowly is sound), but now that our son is walking and exploring, i reckon this a positive attribute!
1	the sound quality with jazz and pop music is equally superior . 
1	the sound quality with wind and dada music is equally superior . 
1	the well-grounded quality with hump and pop music is equally superior . 
1	as often mentioned , the scroll tab is average , however , not difficult to use or horrible . 
1	as frequently note , the scroll tab is medium , however , not difficult to use or horrible . 
1	as much mention , the scroll tab is average , however , not difficult to exercise or horrible . 
0	3 . the pictures come out hazy if your hands shake even for a moment during the entire process of taking a picture . 
0	3 . the pictures come out bleary if your hands handclasp even for a moment during the entire procedure of select a picture . 
0	3 . the pictures come out hazy if your hands waggle even for a moment during the entire action of pickings a ikon . 
1	However, setting up using the quick start instructions was a breeze.  
1	However, determine up using the ready start instructions was a breeze.  
1	However, pose up using the quick get instructions was a breeze.  
0	 With it enabled , anytime we made changes to the router , we had to manually press the `` turn on radio '' button on the front of the router because the GUI one would n't work .
0	 With it enabled , anytime we cook transfer to the router , we had to manually press the `` plough on radio '' clit on the forepart of the router because the GUI unity would n't work .
0	 With it enabled , anytime we nominate changes to the router , we had to manually imperativeness the `` bend on radio '' button on the strawman of the router because the GUI i would n't wreak .
0	i am disappointed and looking elsewhere for something that can withstand the " rigor " of a business traveler . 
0	i am disappointed and front elsewhere for something that can withstand the " severity " of a concern traveler . 
0	i am frustrated and looking elsewhere for something that can withstand the " harshness " of a business traveller . 
1	i have only had this camera for one full day and i have to say that it is wonderful . 
1	i have only had this camera for matchless wide day and i have to say that it is wondrous . 
1	i have only had this camera for unitary entire day and i have to say that it is wondrous . 
1	After getting one for Christmas from Amazon, I'm now a believer:  The Digital Elph is truly the world's smallest digital camera that shoots great pictures.
1	After bewilder one for Yule from Amazon, I'm now a believer:  The Digital Elph is rightfully the world's smallest digital camera that snap great visualize.
1	After capture one for Christmas from Amazon, I'm now a believer:  The Digital Elph is sincerely the world's little digital camera that shoots peachy impression.
0	2. YOU STILL HAVE TO CLEAN THE THING!!
0	2. YOU even HAVE TO CLEAN THE THING!!
0	2. YOU tranquillise HAVE TO CLEAN THE THING!!
1	Im able to keep my phone on for about a week (mostly stand by) to three days (regular use)
1	Im able to keep my phone on for about a week (mostly support by) to leash daylight (regular use)
1	Im able to prevent my phone on for about a week (mostly bear by) to three days (regular usance)
1	Especially the LCD is big and the camera quality is among the very best around.
1	Especially the LCD is big and the camera timber is among the very good about.
1	Especially the LCD is vauntingly and the camera choice is among the very easily around.
1	I've connected the phone with two laptops and a iPaq 4155.
1	I've connected the ring with II laptops and a iPaq 4155.
1	I've machine-accessible the ring with two laptops and a iPaq 4155.
1	5 ) its focusing system is also very flexible . 
1	5 ) its focus system is also very flexible . 
1	5 ) its focusing organisation is also very flexible . 
1	 Great Sound .
1	 Great heavy .
1	 enceinte Sound .
1	Fits comfortably in my inside jacket pocket or in my pants pocket. 
1	accommodate comfortably in my inside cap pocket or in my pants pocket. 
1	gibe comfortably in my inside jacket pocket or in my pants scoop. 
1	although the supplied software can be annoying at times , on whole it is excellent . 
1	although the ply software can be pestering at times , on whole it is excellent . 
1	although the supplied software can be plaguy at multiplication , on whole it is excellent . 
0	so yes , as with all software bundled with creative products , it was useless and ugly . 
0	so yes , as with all software bunch with creative product , it was useless and unworthy . 
0	so yes , as with all software bundle with creative ware , it was useless and frightful . 
0	First, it failed whenever connecting to get updates.
0	First, it failed whenever connecting to stupefy updates.
0	showtime, it failed whenever connecting to get updates.
0	Also, the earbuds that came with it sound great but are uncomfortable (although my wife didn't have a problem), so I bought a pair of over-the-ear headphones.  
0	besides, the earbuds that follow with it legal cracking but are uncomfortable (although my wife didn't have a problem), so I bought a span of over-the-ear headphones.  
0	likewise, the earbuds that occur with it sound big but are uncomfortable (although my wife didn't have a problem), so ace bought a brace of over-the-ear headphones.  
1	the screen is large , defined , and easy to read , and the silver unit is naturally cool . 
1	the concealment is large , defined , and easy to study , and the silver unit is naturally sang-froid . 
1	the screen is large , defined , and easy to learn , and the argent unit is course cool . 
1	i chose the g3 because of its reputation for very high quality , clean images . 
1	i select the g3 because of its reputation for very high quality , clean visualise . 
1	i take the g3 because of its reputation for very high quality , sporting images . 
1	This one is full of features(has bluetooth).
1	This one is replete of features(has bluetooth).
1	This unrivalled is full of features(has bluetooth).
1	it plays just about any format ( check before you buy if it plays yours . ) 
1	it gaming just about any format ( check before you buy if it bet yours . ) 
1	it plays just about any format ( tick before you buy if it recreate yours . ) 
0	 The interface took a little getting used to.
0	 The interface took a little bewilder used to.
0	 The interface took a little getting secondhand to.
1	the mms technology is very well integrated with this phone , which you will enjoy . 
1	the mms technology is very easily integrated with this ring , which you will enjoy . 
1	the mms technology is very good integrated with this ring , which you will enjoy . 
1	 This is the best speaker mount I had so far .
1	 This is the honest speaker mount ane had so far .
1	 This is the skilful speaker mount I had so FAR .
1	i 'm staying with sprint , and though i fear that their csr is n't nearly as good as t-mobile 's , the clarity of their reception is exceptional . 
1	i 'm detain with sprint , and though i veneration that their csr is n't almost as commodity as t-mobile 's , the clarity of their reception is olympian . 
1	i 'm remain with sprint , and though i concern that their csr is n't near as respectable as t-mobile 's , the clarity of their reception is especial . 
1	this is a great camera for you ! 
1	this is a dandy camera for you ! 
1	this is a heavy camera for you ! 
0	some movies it played yesterday , it wo n't play today . 
0	some movies it playact yesterday , it wo n't sport today . 
0	some movies it spiel yesterday , it wo n't meet today . 
0	 D-Link does not provide Mac support for the adapter , however I was able to find a free third-party driver that is compatible .
0	 D-Link does not provide mackintosh livelihood for the adapter , however I was able to retrieve a liberate third-party driver that is compatible .
0	 D-Link does not render Mac indorse for the adapter , however one was able to regain a free third-party driver that is compatible .
1	if you strictly use the lcd and not the view finder , i highly recommend the camera . 
1	if you strictly use the LCD and not the sight viewfinder , i highly recommend the camera . 
1	if you stringently use the lcd and not the view viewfinder , i highly urge the camera . 
0	there was occasionally a lip-sync issue ( the lips were n't moving in time to the dialogue ) . 
0	there was occasionally a lip-sync consequence ( the lips were n't propel in time to the negotiation ) . 
0	there was occasionally a lip-sync payoff ( the lips were n't moving in clip to the dialog ) . 
0	 Problems with the sound quality were evident right away, but even I couldn't imagine they'd be that bad. 
0	 Problems with the sound character were evident right away, but still I couldn't reckon they'd be that bad. 
0	 Problems with the sound quality were unmistakable rectify away, but even one couldn't imagine they'd be that bad. 
1	If you use linux and want GRPS and/or want to use a handsfree bluetooth device, and want a decent camera -- this is the phone for you.
1	If you utilisation linux and want GRPS and/or neediness to manipulation a handsfree bluetooth device, and deficiency a decent camera -- this is the earphone for you.
1	If you utilization linux and need GRPS and/or want to utilisation a handsfree bluetooth device, and wish a decently camera -- this is the phone for you.
1	nice palm sized unit , somewhat bigger then the ipod but not an issue if you 're not going to try & jog with it or something . 
1	nice palm sized unit , passably gravid then the ipod but not an payoff if you 're not move to render & jog with it or something . 
1	skillful palm sized unit , somewhat bountiful then the ipod but not an outlet if you 're not leaving to judge & jog with it or something . 
0	my biggest complaint is the battery life or lack there of . 
0	my bragging complaint is the battery life-time or lack there of . 
0	my self-aggrandising complaint is the battery biography or lack there of . 
1	I was fortunate to get the packaging that still included all the accessories (desk stand/hard case, belt clip, wall charger, etc). 
1	I was fortunate to gravel the packaging that calm included all the accessories (desk stand/surd example, belt clip, wall charger, etc). 
1	I was golden to take the packaging that still included all the accessories (desk stand/hard character, belt dress, wall charger, etc). 
0	however , it does not play windows media and i can not get it to play any of my divx rips . 
0	however , it does not shimmer windows sensitive and i can not flummox it to frolic any of my divx rips . 
0	however , it does not turn windows medium and i can not capture it to drama any of my divx rips . 
0	poor visibility on the keys . 
0	pitiful visibility on the keys . 
0	poor visibility on the cay . 
1	It has one more resolution of 1024X768 and a "Normal" compression mode.  And, it has the 3X zoom.
1	IT has i more resolution of 1024X768 and a "Normal" concretion mode.  And, it has the 3X zoom.
1	It has unmatchable more answer of 1024X768 and a "normal" compression mode.  And, it has the 3X zoom.
0	one bad thing is that it comes with a pitiful 32mb compactflash card , and for most purposes , it is not enough . 
0	one high-risk thing is that it amount with a sad 32mb compactflash posting , and for most purposes , it is not enough . 
0	unitary bad thing is that it fare with a distressing 32mb compactflash placard , and for most purposes , it is not enough . 
0	while light , it will not easily go in small handbags or pockets . 
0	while low-cal , it will not easily die in small handbags or pockets . 
0	while swooning , it will not easily proceed in small handbags or pockets . 
1	2 it is easy enough for my grandmother to use . 
1	2 it is easily enough for my grandmother to utilisation . 
1	2 it is well-heeled enough for my grandmother to enjoyment . 
1	The plusses are the features, look, good signal and battery life, memory size and robustness.
1	The plus are the characteristic, bet, good signal and battery life, memory size and robustness.
1	The plusses are the features, await, proficient signal and battery aliveness, memory size and robustness.
1	Smooth plunging mechanism.
1	Smooth dunk mechanism.
1	smoothen plunging mechanism.
1	it still fits in the palm of your hand , and it 's not heavy . 
1	it hush fits in the palm of your hand , and it 's not wakeless . 
1	it quieten fits in the palm of your hand , and it 's not heavily . 
1	ORIGINAL REVIEW December 2004 I'm sorry to read about other people having problems with their Zen Micro, but mine has worked great! 
1	ORIGINAL critique December 2004 I'm sorry to read about other people having job with their Zen Micro, but mine has bring nifty! 
1	master recap December 2004 I'm distressing to read about other people having problems with their Zen Micro, but mine has worked big! 
1	 Easy to use with clear instructions contained in the install drive .
1	 Easy to use with earn instructions bear in the install drive .
1	 slow to use with clear instructions incorporate in the install drive .
1	The Nokia 660 runs the Symbian OS, which works pretty well for most standard phone fare, most of the stuff is not that intuitive, but if you actually learn how to use it all, there's plenty of neat tie-ins.
1	The Nokia 660 bunk the Symbian OS, which shape pretty considerably for most standard phone fare, most of the gourmandize is not that intuitive, but if you actually learn how to manipulation it all, there's mountain of bully tie-ins.
1	The Nokia 660 guide the Symbian oxygen, which wreak fairly wellspring for most standard phone fare, most of the overindulge is not that intuitive, but if you actually learn how to use it all, there's mint of neat tie-ins.
1	The Champ works great.
1	The Champ run great.
1	The Champ solve great.
0	overall , a very disappointing product . 
0	overall , a very disappoint product . 
0	overall , a very disappointing merchandise . 
1	 Features: click wheel to navigate; ability to work with Windows or Mac; optional backlighting (you can have it on all the time, or have it shut off to save battery power after 5, 10, or 20 seconds); ability to download PDA info; automatic or manual download from iTunes when iPod is plugged into your computer. 
1	 Features: click wheel to voyage; ability to form with window or mackintosh; optional backlighting (you can have it on all the metre, or have it shut off to spare battery superpower after v, 10, or 20 secondment); ability to download organizer info; reflex or manual download from iTunes when iPod is plugged into your computer. 
1	 boast: penetrate wheel to navigate; ability to exercise with Windows or Mac; optional backlighting (you can have it on all the clip, or have it shut off to relieve barrage index after V, 10, or 20 endorsement); ability to download PDA info; robotic or manual download from iTunes when iPod is plug into your computer. 
1	Smaller size, 1 gb of more space, radio, voice recording, removable battery, cooler look, all in one.  
1	low size, 1 GB of more space, radio, voice recording, removable battery, cooler expect, all in one.  
1	small size, 1 gb of more space, radio, voice recording, removable shelling, cooler aspect, all in one.  
1	 - If you want loud , boomy bass , this does the job very well for a computer speaker -LRB- no , these are n't going to hit as hard as larger power-guzzling woofers , but they perform as nice as or better than many home theater woofers I 've heard -RRB- .
1	 - If you need loud , boomy bass , this does the job very well for a figurer verbalizer -LRB- no , these are n't going to reach as hard as larger power-guzzling woofers , but they perform as dainty as or estimable than many household field woofers iodine 've heard -RRB- .
1	 - If you want garish , boomy bass , this does the job very substantially for a reckoner loudspeaker -LRB- no , these are n't going to remove as hard as tumid power-guzzling woofers , but they perform as nice as or expert than many home theater woofers iodin 've learn -RRB- .
0	I had a lot of problems setting it up, since the software given along with it is buggy. 
0	1 had a lot of problems specify it up, since the software given along with it is fruity. 
0	I had a stack of problems define it up, since the software given along with it is fruity. 
1	i love the continuous shot mode , which allows you to take up to 16 pix in rapid succession -- great for action shots . 
1	i honey the continuous germinate mode , which allows you to conduct up to 16 pix in rapid succession -- great for action nip . 
1	i love the continuous shooter mode , which allow you to select up to 16 pix in rapid succession -- groovy for action shots . 
0	STYLING/ERGONOMICS: The keys are small, which generally doesn't bother me if they are spaced because I can employ a little 'Braille,' but the keys run into each other, so careful attn. must be paid when dialing.
0	STYLING/ERGONOMICS: The cay are small, which broadly doesn't devil me if they are spaced because iodine can utilize a little 'Braille,' but the Key execute into each other, so careful attn. must be paid when dialing.
0	STYLING/ERGONOMICS: The keys are pocket-size, which generally doesn't fuss me if they are spaced because iodine can employ a petty 'Braille,' but the winder rill into each other, so careful attn. must be nonrecreational when dialing.
1	 That is surface stuff , but the speed and memory is very good .
1	 That is coat stuff , but the speed and memory is very serious .
1	 That is surface shove , but the quicken and memory is very good .
0	Overall, it does its basic function very well, but we expect more from the mp3 players today and the Zen Micro does not rise to the occassion.     
0	Overall, it does its basic work very well, but we ask more from the mp3 participant nowadays and the Zen Micro does not lift to the occassion.     
0	Overall, it does its canonic procedure very well, but we expect more from the mp3 actor today and the dose Micro does not ascent to the occassion.     
1	 The D-Link DIR-655 Extreme N Wireless Router works fine as a 802.11 n wireless router .
1	 The D-Link DIR-655 Extreme N Wireless Router play ok as a 802.11 n tuner router .
1	 The D-Link DIR-655 extreme N wireless Router mould fine as a 802.11 n wireless router .
1	Other than that, I love this camera.
1	Other than that, I bang this camera.
1	former than that, I love this camera.
1	And the video quality is amazing. 
1	And the video quality is flummox. 
1	And the video quality is pose. 
1	Sharper pictures. 
1	sharp-worded pictures. 
1	sharpie pictures. 
1	And the firewall came with a wizard which made it effortless to configure it to my LAN.
1	And the firewall amount with a mavin which throw it effortless to configure it to my LAN.
1	And the firewall fall with a virtuoso which pretend it effortless to configure it to my LAN.
0	the keys are close together , and the layout is a bit funky in relation to standard rectangular layout keypads , but it 's not too weird . 
0	the Key are stuffy unitedly , and the layout is a second stinking in relation to standard rectangular layout keypads , but it 's not too weird . 
0	the keystone are faithful together , and the layout is a fleck funky in intercourse to standard rectangular layout keypad , but it 's not too weird . 
1	Take quick pictures with excelent resolution
1	Take quick figure with excelent resolution
1	ask quick pictures with excelent resolution
1	well , it was nice while it lasted . 
1	advantageously , it was nice while it lasted . 
1	fountainhead , it was nice while it lasted . 
1	The PhotoStitch software is very cool if you want to do any 360 degree panorama shots.
1	The PhotoStitch software is very assuredness if you want to do any 360 degree cyclorama shot.
1	The PhotoStitch software is very cool if you wishing to do any 360 point panorama gibe.
1	whether you are a novice or an expert , its ease of use and functionality goes together . 
1	whether you are a beginner or an expert , its comfort of use and functionality function together . 
1	whether you are a novice or an adept , its ease of utilise and functionality pass together . 
1	It works great.
1	It mold great.
1	It works slap-up.
0	because of this , i am disappointed and would not recommend this product . 
0	because of this , i am disappoint and would not urge this product . 
0	because of this , i am foiled and would not recommend this production . 
1	Perhaps Semantic could work out the efficiency a little, but these reviews are highly exagerated... I would ask what else these people are running on their computers(?)
1	Perhaps Semantic could bring out the efficiency a short, but these followup are highly exagerated... I would require what else these people are move on their computers(?)
1	maybe Semantic could work out the efficiency a lilliputian, but these revaluation are highly exagerated... iodine would ask what else these people are bunk on their computers(?)
1	i was able to take great photos of the 4th of july fire works , and got some amazing shots of the kids playing with sparklers . 
1	i was able to payoff great photos of the 4th of july fire crop , and suffer some gravel shots of the kids recreate with sparklers . 
1	i was able to take great photos of the 4th of july fire forge , and grow some gravel shots of the fry bet with sparklers . 
1	After getting used to the M12 all the rest seemed lacking.
1	After getting employ to the M12 all the residuum seemed lacking.
1	after mystify used to the M12 all the rest seemed lacking.
1	I have a couple hundred contacts and the menu loads within a few seconds, no big deal.
1	I have a couple hundred adjoin and the fare loads within a few seconds, no big bargain.
1	iodine have a couple hundred contact and the menu loads within a few second, no big deal.
1	I really liked the price...
1	I actually liked the price...
1	I really like the price...
0	Once a depth is locked, it will jump off a little while working.
0	Once a depth is locked, it will parachute off a little while operative.
0	formerly a depth is locked, it will jump off a little while operate.
0	After some research on the Net, I discovered that there is indeed a flaw with the current WRT54G design (WRT54G, version 3, which Amazon currently sells).  
0	After some research on the meshing, I divulge that there is indeed a flaw with the current WRT54G design (WRT54G, edition triad, which virago currently sells).  
0	afterwards some explore on the profit, I discovered that there is indeed a flaw with the current WRT54G innovation (WRT54G, interpretation 3, which Amazon currently sells).  
0	unlike my 3 other mp3 players , this thing will only work properly if you have id3 tags on all of your tracks . 
0	unlike my tercet other mp3 players , this thing will only wreak properly if you have id3 ticket on all of your tag . 
0	unlike my tierce other mp3 instrumentalist , this thing will only operate properly if you have id3 tags on all of your runway . 
1	first i 'll start off by saying that this players hardware is pretty good .. . 
1	first i 'll start off by saying that this thespian hardware is pretty undecomposed .. . 
1	world-class i 'll start off by allege that this players hardware is pretty good .. . 
0	If this machine just stops on you, unplug it quickly and get out of the way!
0	If this car just halt on you, unplug it quickly and flummox out of the way!
0	If this machine just bar on you, unplug it promptly and receive out of the way!
0	Other than that pictures taken in the dark are not as nice as I'd like them,
0	Other than that characterization hire in the dreary are not as nice as I'd like them,
0	Other than that depict taken in the gloomy are not as nice as I'd wish them,
0	finally the software used to put all the songs into it is vastly inferior to itunes on two levels , first it is poorly integrated into the overall player and clunky to use especially with tagging and second the wma audio format sucks , flat out sucks in terms of sound quality compared with the vastly superior aac format the apple ipod uses and it sticks you with one of the sub par paid music services such as napster instead of allowing to use the itunes store , which , if you ever plan to pay for your music , is by far the best . 
0	finally the software used to put all the vocal into it is vastly inferior to itunes on two level , world-class it is ill integrated into the overall thespian and clunky to use especially with tagging and second the wma audio initialise breastfeed , two-dimensional out sucks in condition of sound timber compared with the vastly master aac format the apple ipod function and it nonplus you with unrivalled of the sub equivalence compensate medicine services such as napster instead of allowing to use the itunes store , which , if you always plan to devote for your music , is by far the dear . 
0	finally the software used to redact all the vocal into it is vastly inferior to itunes on two floor , low it is poorly integrated into the overall player and clunky to utilize particularly with trail and 2nd the wma audio formatting breastfeed , flavourless out breastfeed in damage of sound quality compare with the vastly superordinate aac format the apple ipod usance and it nonplus you with one of the sub par paid music help such as napster instead of allowing to role the itunes store , which , if you ever plan to pay for your music , is by far the dear . 
0	finally , i reiterate my thumbs-down rating for t-mobile as a carrier . 
0	eventually , i retell my thumbs-down rating for t-mobile as a carrier . 
0	lastly , i reiterate my thumbs-down value for t-mobile as a carrier . 
1	i would recommend this product to anyone . 
1	i would commend this product to anyone . 
1	i would recommend this intersection to anyone . 
1	7. Have a good chunk of my small MP3 to listen through the speaker phone.
1	7. experience a good chunk of my low MP3 to listen through the speaker sound.
1	7. have a good chunk of my little MP3 to listen through the speaker earphone.
0	 Exasperated at 3 AM , I called it quits and will be sending this awful , deceptive product back .
0	 Exasperated at 3 AM , I forebode it quits and will be transmit this awful , deceptive merchandise back .
0	 Exasperated at troika AM , single called it quits and will be sending this awful , deceptive product punt .
1	 However , the view angle on this thing is so big that you will see very clearly on any desk\/viewing situation you normally run across .
1	 nonetheless , the reckon angle on this thing is so great that you will see very clearly on any desk\/view situation you normally trial across .
1	 still , the view angle on this thing is so adult that you will catch very clearly on any desk\/wake situation you normally ladder across .
0	 First of all , I disagree with any suggestions that the bass on this system is boomy in a bad way .
0	 inaugural of all , single disagree with any suggestions that the basso on this system is boomy in a sorry way .
0	 world-class of all , unity disagree with any hint that the bass on this system is boomy in a spoilt way .
1	otherwise , it takes very good pictures ; shutter delay is n't so bad either . 
1	otherwise , it demand very respectable pictures ; shutter delay is n't so bad either . 
1	otherwise , it subscribe very good exposure ; shutter delay is n't so bad either . 
1	The battery has a long life. 
1	The battery has a hanker life. 
1	The battery has a long aliveness. 
1	the sound is great , and the volume is more than satisfactory for commutes and shutting out external noise . 
1	the fathom is large , and the volume is more than satisfactory for commutes and shutting out external disturbance . 
1	the sound is heavy , and the volume is more than satisfactory for commutes and exclude out external dissonance . 
1	 However the setup was easy and the results excellent .
1	 However the setup was easy and the answer excellent .
1	 However the setup was slow and the results excellent .
1	I never had a single problem.
1	I never had a individual problem.
1	single never had a single problem.
1	the design and construction are excellent -- as is the legendary quality of the nikon optics . 
1	the conception and construction are excellent -- as is the legendary tone of the nikon oculus . 
1	the invention and construction are excellent -- as is the legendary lineament of the nikon oculus . 
1	with this mp3 player you get much more memory for much less than an ipod . 
1	with this mp3 musician you suffer much more remembering for much less than an ipod . 
1	with this mp3 participant you drive much more remembering for much less than an ipod . 
1	(we wrap them nice and tight) *we use our regular kitchen trash bags--cheap!
1	(we wrap them nice and nasty) *we use our regular kitchen Methedrine bags--cheap!
1	(we wrap them prissy and pixilated) *we use our regular kitchen trash bags--cheap!
0	First thing I noticed was that the creative wasn't well made. 
0	First thing I noticed was that the creative wasn't intimately score. 
0	showtime thing unity noticed was that the creative wasn't well made. 
1	I hooked the Linksys wireless router up to a broadband connection which is running at a maximum of 700 plus Kilobytes on the download e!
1	I gazump the Linksys wireless router up to a broadband connection which is scarper at a maximum of 700 summation KB on the download Es!
1	I lift the Linksys radiocommunication router up to a broadband connexion which is pass at a maximal of 700 plus Kilobytes on the download e!
0	I thought this camera was awful and I did tons of research on CNET and other sites. 
0	I conceive this camera was terrible and I did piles of research on CNET and other sites. 
0	I recall this camera was awesome and I did wads of research on CNET and other sites. 
1	Even though you could get a cheap router these days, I'm happy I spent a little extra for the Linksys. 
1	Even though you could aim a flash router these days, I'm happy I fatigued a minuscule extra for the Linksys. 
1	tied though you could grow a cheap router these days, I'm happy I spent a small spare for the Linksys. 
1	I have had mine for about a year and use a third party firmware on mine and love it. 
1	i have had mine for about a year and employment a tierce party firmware on mine and love it. 
1	i have had mine for about a year and function a third party firmware on mine and bang it. 
0	It is buggy, slow and basically frustrates the heck out of the user.
0	It is daft, tiresome and basically frustrates the heck out of the user.
0	It is loony, deadening and basically frustrates the heck out of the user.
1	even at the " normal " setting , a 8x10 print ! shows not a single sign of visible rendering or pixels - you could never tell that the picture has been taken by a " digital " . 
1	eve at the " rule " circumstance , a 8x10 print ! indicate not a exclusive sign of visible rendering or pixels - you could never tell that the picture has been demand by a " digital " . 
1	regular at the " normal " setting , a 8x10 print ! demonstrate not a bingle sign of visible rendering or pixels - you could never order that the movie has been need by a " digital " . 
1	Picture and video quality is ok.
1	Picture and video timber is ok.
1	impression and video quality is ok.
0	it is a bit cumbersome , and i can 't get to the songs i want as quickly . 
0	it is a bite cumbersome , and i can 't get to the songs i wish as rapidly . 
0	it is a second cumbersome , and i can 't go to the songs i want as promptly . 
1	still , at least from my perspective , a great camera for the money , and i 'm a happy camper ! 
1	calm , at least from my view , a bang-up camera for the money , and i 'm a happy camper ! 
1	tranquil , at least from my position , a groovy camera for the money , and i 'm a happy camper ! 
0	the player kept displaying " no disc " , so i tried the disc in another machine and sure as @ # * ! 
0	the instrumentalist kept displaying " no disc " , so i render the disc in another automobile and sure as @ # * ! 
0	the instrumentalist kept displaying " no disc " , so i stress the disc in another machine and certain as @ # * ! 
0	remote buttons are small and closely spaced , especially with the menu buttons . 
0	outback buttons are pocket-size and closely spaced , especially with the menu buttons . 
0	remote buttons are diminished and closely spaced , especially with the carte buttons . 
1	i love the quality of the pictures . 
1	i love the lineament of the pictures . 
1	i love the quality of the exposure . 
1	Utility Its got a huge list of features including an FM Recorder a Calender and contacts list. 
1	Utility Its let a huge list of features including an FM Recorder a Calender and reach inclination. 
1	Utility Its scram a huge number of features including an FM Recorder a Calender and touch list. 
0	The only other problem with this router that I have encountered is the plunge action will start to stick, then it needs to be cleaned and lubricated.
0	The only other problem with this router that I have encountered is the dive action will kickoff to joystick, then it postulate to be cleaned and greased.
0	The only other problem with this router that I have encountered is the plunge execute will offset to amaze, then it demand to be pick and lubricated.
0	i have sent my ad2600 back to apex because it wo n't play certain disney and other dvd movies ( no disc message ) . 
0	i have institutionalise my ad2600 stake to apex because it wo n't represent certain disney and other dvd pic ( no disc message ) . 
0	i have post my ad2600 cover to peak because it wo n't bring certain disney and other dvd movies ( no disc message ) . 
0	also , their t-zones , although cheap ( $ 4.99 / mo. ) never works . 
0	also , their t-zones , although brassy ( $ 4.99 / mo. ) never operate . 
0	also , their t-zones , although punk ( $ 4.99 / mo. ) never shape . 
0	First of all, I've never been big on earbuds - they're just not that comfortable.
0	first of all, I've never been liberal on earbuds - they're just not that comfortable.
0	world-class of all, I've never been big on earbuds - they're just not that well-to-do.
0	when we tried to hook up the first one , it was broken - the motor would not eject discs or close the door . 
0	when we judge to hook up the world-class one , it was weaken - the motor would not exhaust discs or close the door . 
0	when we tried to abstract up the 1st one , it was rugged - the motor would not eject saucer or close the door . 
1	my music demands are pretty intense and this handles those demands without problems . 
1	my euphony demands are pretty vivid and this handles those demands without problems . 
1	my music exact are pretty intense and this palm those demands without problems . 
1	in the auto mode it functions basically as a point and click , the scene modes are very easy to use and produce good results . 
1	in the auto mode it functions basically as a point and click , the scene modes are very light to expend and produce dear event . 
1	in the auto mood it functions basically as a charge and click , the scene mode are very easy to use and produce secure results . 
1	the 6610 excels as a cell phone , thank god . 
1	the 6610 excels as a cell earphone , thank god . 
1	the 6610 excels as a cell sound , thank god . 
1	the 4300 is a very durable , compact package , and i find nikon to be a brand that i can trust . 
1	the 4300 is a very indestructible , contract package , and i notice nikon to be a stain that i can trust . 
1	the 4300 is a very perdurable , thick package , and i get nikon to be a brand that i can desire . 
1	Finally, compare the iPod to other players on a cost/Gb, and also consider ease of use. 
1	Finally, compare the iPod to other thespian on a cost/Gb, and also consider relief of practice. 
1	Finally, comparison the iPod to other actor on a cost/Gb, and also consider easiness of use. 
1	The phone is sturdy.
1	The headphone is sturdy.
1	The phone is stalwart.
1	 Affordable price , reliable item and excellent customer service .
1	 Affordable price , honest item and excellent customer service .
1	 Affordable price , reliable point and excellent customer service .
1	the zx boasts superior sound quality than the ipod , however it compromises a bit of the unit 's size in doing so . 
1	the zx boast higher-ranking sound timbre than the ipod , however it compromise a bit of the unit 's size in doing so . 
1	the zx self-praise higher-ranking reasoned quality than the ipod , however it compromises a second of the unit 's size in doing so . 
1	anted to rate the router higher than 1 star, due to its security, easy of use, etc.  
1	anted to grade the router higher than 1 hotshot, due to its security, easy of exercise, etc.  
1	anted to rate the router high than 1 star, due to its certificate, easy of employment, etc.  
0	The box included a little polyester, pull-string BAG, (yes, you read right a BAG, something a boy would carry ten marbles in) and tries to pass it off as the case. 
0	The box included a little polyester, pull-string bagful, (yes, you read proper a BAG, something a boy would run ten marbles in) and assay to die it off as the font. 
0	The box included a trivial polyester, pull-string BAG, (yes, you show right a pocket, something a boy would run ten marbles in) and tries to guide it off as the encase. 
1	i 've had it for a week now , do n't regret the purchase one bit , and i never leave home without it . 
1	i 've had it for a week now , do n't regret the purchase unmatched number , and i never leave-taking habitation without it . 
1	i 've had it for a week now , do n't repent the purchase one snatch , and i never allow household without it . 
1	i have found that the interface on the nomad is very easy to use if you have a basic knowledge of a computer . 
1	i have institute that the interface on the nomad is very gentle to enjoyment if you have a basic knowledge of a figurer . 
1	i have observe that the interface on the nomad is very loose to role if you have a basic noesis of a computer . 
1	 You can stop looking : This is the best n-router you will find today -LRB- I am writing this on 03 Nov 2011 -RRB- .
1	 You can check looking : This is the best n-router you will ascertain today -LRB- ane am composition this on 03 Nov 2011 -RRB- .
1	 You can occlusion front : This is the dear n-router you will obtain today -LRB- I am writing this on 03 Nov 2011 -RRB- .
1	The price is incredible with the bonus pack and Hitachi's $25 incentive ( you need the code ---go to Toolseeker.com and it tells you)
1	The price is incredible with the bonus pack and Hitachi's $25 incentive ( you pauperization the encipher ---become to Toolseeker.com and it order you)
1	The price is incredible with the incentive plurality and Hitachi's $XXV incentive ( you need the code ---proceed to Toolseeker.com and it tells you)
1	if you'll only read the whole manual, you'll find out even more cool features and you'll learn how to manipulate the quality you want to achieve and all those modes will make sense after reading 
1	if you'll only show the unhurt manual, you'll encounter out flush more cool features and you'll learn how to manipulate the quality you want to accomplish and all those modes will constitute sense after understand 
1	if you'll only translate the whole manual, you'll rule out yet more poise sport and you'll read how to manipulate the quality you want to achieve and all those modes will build sense after reading 
1	it is extremely light and dissapears in your pocket . 
1	it is extremely ignitor and dissapears in your pocket . 
1	it is extremely lite and dissapears in your pocket . 
1	I still can't believe how fast it starts up. 
1	I still can't believe how fast it first up. 
1	ane still can't believe how fast it starts up. 
1	Pros The Design is very nice, and the colors are too. 
1	pro The Design is very nice, and the colorise are too. 
1	professional The pattern is very nice, and the colors are too. 
0	I gave up and got a diaper Dekor.
0	I afford up and got a diaper Dekor.
0	I gave up and take a diaper Dekor.
0	I saw a few complaints on the load time of menus and I feel people are over-exaggerating the menu load time.
0	I ensure a few ill on the load time of card and i feel people are over-exaggerating the menu load time.
0	i assure a few complaints on the loading time of menu and I feel people are over-exaggerating the menu load time.
1	the nokia 6610 is a relatively new phone , and what a great phone it is . 
1	the nokia 6610 is a relatively New phone , and what a dandy sound it is . 
1	the nokia 6610 is a relatively new call , and what a large call it is . 
0	My fingers are kind of stubby so it took a while to learn how to hit a key without hitting the adjacent ones.
0	My fingers are genial of stubby so it film a while to learn how to hit a winder without murder the adjacent ones.
0	My fingers are kind of stubby so it pack a while to take how to hit a name without tally the adjacent ones.
0	well just one con - its not really plug and play at first i mean its very confusing to start the program but one you do it , it will be a breeze . 
0	considerably just one con - its not really plug and maneuver at foremost i base its very confusing to commence the programme but one you do it , it will be a breeze . 
0	well just one con - its not really plug and caper at kickoff i bastardly its very jumble to commencement the program but one you do it , it will be a pushover . 
0	i did n't abuse it , i charged it every day , but the headphone jack just sort of fizzled out . 
0	i did n't ill-usage it , i burden it every day , but the headphone jack just variety of fizzled out . 
0	i did n't shout it , i file it every day , but the headphone jack just sieve of fizzled out . 
1	 I remain extremely pleased with this router !
1	 1 remain extremely pleased with this router !
1	 I rest extremely pleased with this router !
1	APPLICATIONS: It has lots of applications and they work very well... when you eventually find where they are and they finally open.
1	APPLICATIONS: It has raft of applications and they cultivate very well... when you eventually notice where they are and they finally give.
1	APPLICATIONS: It has slews of applications and they ferment very well... when you eventually discovery where they are and they finally exposed.
0	There is no way you can talk with customer care about this.
0	There is no way you can peach with customer precaution about this.
0	thither is no way you can talk with customer charge about this.
1	 Battery life keeps improving on the iPod, and a new iPod will give you up to twelve hours of play time, per charge. 
1	 Battery life keeps better on the iPod, and a new iPod will spring you up to twelve hours of romp time, per billing. 
1	 Battery life living improving on the iPod, and a new iPod will reach you up to twelve hr of play sentence, per charge. 
1	 it 's far from expensive for the specifications but there is a lot more than in there ... i like it so much ... its nicely designed for the portable user and I like the Ferrari design on it .
1	 it 's far from expensive for the specification but there is a mickle more than in there ... i alike it so much ... its nicely project for the portable exploiter and one comparable the Ferrari design on it .
1	 it 's far from expensive for the specifications but there is a circle more than in there ... i care it so much ... its nicely plan for the portable exploiter and ace similar the Ferrari aim on it .
1	 I love this speakers .
1	 one love this speakers .
1	 unity love this speakers .
1	The sound is great, the portability, etc... all the "stuff" you expect from a good MP-3 player, this Zen Micro has it. 
1	The reasoned is great, the portability, etc... all the "stuff" you wait from a expert MP-3 player, this Zen micro has it. 
1	The well-grounded is dandy, the portability, etc... all the "overeat" you require from a good MP-3 player, this Zen Micro has it. 
0	the creative software is awkward / difficult to use and just plain does n't load on some computers . 
0	the creative software is awkward / unmanageable to apply and just plain does n't warhead on some computers . 
0	the creative software is ill-chosen / difficult to use and just complain does n't loading on some computers . 
0	every time nomad thinks the file is corrupt the os freezes . 
0	every clip nomad thinks the file is sully the os freezes . 
0	every time nomad recollect the file is corrupt the bone freezes . 
0	I am an advanced computer user, so I cannot even imagine how a new or novice user would ever get this terrible program to work!
0	I am an supercharge computer user, so I cannot even think how a young or novice user would ever drive this terrible program to run!
0	unity am an advanced computer user, so I cannot even imagine how a new or initiate user would ever nonplus this terrible curriculum to mold!
0	 The speakers are very small and can not handle loud volume gracefully as voice coils top and bottom out , they clip the audio .
0	 The speakers are very little and can not manage meretricious volume gracefully as voice coils top and merchantman out , they clip the audio .
0	 The speakers are very lowly and can not grip loud volume gracefully as voice helix top and posterior out , they clip the audio .
1	We just use the Glad tall kitchen trash can bags with odor shield from Target and they work wonderfully.
1	We just consumption the Glad tall kitchen scrap can bags with odor shield from Target and they oeuvre wonderfully.
1	We just use the Glad magniloquent kitchen trash can bags with odor shield from prey and they form wonderfully.
0	it does n't have firewire , not a real complaint since most windows users do n't generally have firewire cards themselves . 
0	it does n't have firewire , not a material ill since most windows users do n't mostly have firewire placard themselves . 
0	it does n't have firewire , not a veridical ill since most Windows users do n't generally have firewire tease themselves . 
1	1) Great audio quality overall.
1	1) Great audio select overall.
1	1) Great audio timber overall.
1	Bottom line is that at $160, this is an absolute steal.
1	arse argumentation is that at $160, this is an absolute steal.
1	tooshie draw is that at $160, this is an absolute steal.
