0	It took me three days, to the tune of Neil Young's song "Piece Of Cr--!", to get this to work with the satellite hookup I was hired to connect this wireless network up to.  
0	It took me ternary days, to the tune of Neil Young's song "piece Of Cr--!", to pose this to solve with the satellite hookup unity was hired to associate this wireless network up to.  
0	wireless took me three days, to the tune of Neil Young's song "Piece Of Cr--!", to get this up the with was satellite hookup I work hired to connect this It network to to.  
0	It require me terzetto days, to the tune of Neil Young's song "Piece Of Cr--!", to catch this to sour with the satellite hookup I was charter to connect this wireless meshing up to.  
0	It took me three days, to the tune of Neil Young's song "Piece Of Cr--!", this to work the satellite hookup I was hired to this wireless to.  
0	ace It took me three days, to the tune of Neil Young's song "constitute Piece Of birdsong Cr--!", to get this to work with the satellite hookup I was hired to connect this wireless network up to.  
0	It took three days, to the tune of Neil song " Of Cr--!", to this to work the satellite hookup I was hired to connect this wireless network up.  
0	It took me tie three days, to the tune of Neil Young's song "Piece Of Cr--!", to get trey this to work with the satellite hookup I was hired to daytime connect this wireless network up to.  
0	It up me three days, to the tune wireless Neil Young's song "connect Of Cr--!", to get this to work with the satellite hookup I was hired to Piece this of network took to.  
1	We have been using our Diaper Champ for almost 14 months now and we are very happy with it.
1	We have been using our Diaper Champ for almost 14 months now and felicitous we are equal very happy with it.
1	We have been using induce our Diaper Champ for almost 14 month months now and we are very happy with it.
1	We have been employ our diaper Champ for almost 14 month now and we are very happy with it.
1	Diaper have been using we We Champ for almost 14 months now and our are very happy with it.
1	We have using our Diaper Champ for almost 14 now and we are very with it.
1	and have been using our months Champ for almost 14 Diaper now We we are very happy with it.
1	We have been using our Diaper Champ almost 14 months and we very happy with it.
1	We have been use our Diaper title-holder for almost 14 months now and we are very felicitous with it.
1	The interface works great.  
1	interface works great.  
1	The great works interface.  
1	The interface works keen.  
1	The interface great.  
1	The works interface great.  
1	The port interface works great.  
1	The interface exploit great.  
1	The interface works port great.  
1	Second, it is  incredibly easy to use.
1	function Second, it is  incredibly easy to use.
1	Second, it is  incredibly to use.
1	to, it is  incredibly easy Second use.
1	Second, it is  incredibly easy to fabulously use.
1	Second, it is  incredibly easy to practice.
1	Second, it is  easy incredibly to use.
1	, it is  incredibly easy to use.
1	Second, it is  incredibly easy to manipulation.
1	i 've only had it a week , but so far , everything about this camera is making me happy . 
1	i 've only had a week , so far , everything about this camera is me happy . 
1	clear i 've only had it a week , but so far , everything about this camera is making IT me happy . 
1	i 've only had it a week , but so far , about this is making me . 
1	i 've only had it a workweek , but so far , everything about this camera is urinate me felicitous . 
1	i 've only had it a comprise week , but so far , everything about this camera is alone making me happy . 
1	i 've only had it a hebdomad , but so Interahamwe , everything about this camera is name me happy . 
1	i 've only had this a week , but so far , it about everything camera is making me happy . 
1	is 'it only had ve a week , but so far , everything about this camera i making me happy . 
0	 There is also no voice recording, something most if not all MP3 players have that the iPod doesn't.
0	 There all also no voice recording, something most players not is MP3 if have that the iPod doesn't.
0	 There is also no voice recording, something most if not MP3 players have that doesn't.
0	 There is all no voice recording, something most if not also the players have that MP3 iPod doesn't.
0	 There is also no voice recording, something most if not MP3 players have iPod doesn't.
0	 There is also no vox commemorate, something most if not all MP3 instrumentalist have that the iPod doesn't.
0	 There is also no voice recording, alike something most if not all MP3 players have that likewise the iPod doesn't.
0	 There is also no voice recording, something most if not all there MP3 altogether players have that the iPod doesn't.
0	 thither is also no vocalise read, something most if not all MP3 players have that the iPod doesn't.
1	my favorite features , although there are many , are the speaker phone , the radio and the infrared . 
1	have my favorite features , ar although there are many , are the speaker phone , the radio and the infrared . 
1	my favourite characteristic , although there are many , are the speaker headphone , the radio and the infrared . 
1	favorite features , there are many , are the speaker phone , the radio and the . 
1	although favorite features , my the are many , are the speaker phone , the radio and there infrared . 
1	my favorite features , phone there are many , are the radio although , the speaker and the infrared . 
1	my best-loved features , although there are many , are the speaker sound , the wireless and the infrared . 
1	favorite , although there are many , are the speaker phone , radio and the infrared . 
1	personify my favorite features , although there are many , are feature the speaker phone , the radio and the infrared . 
0	The only downside to this is that it can get pretty stinky long before the pail is full.
0	The only downside to this that it can get stinky long the pail is full.
0	hindquarters The only downside to this is that it can get pretty stinky long arse before the pail is full.
0	The only downside to this is that embody it can get pretty stinky long before the pail is pailful full.
0	The only downside to this is that it can have middling stinky longsighted before the pail is full.
0	The only downside the this full that it can get pretty stinky long before to pail is is.
0	The only downside to this is that it can the long stinky pretty before get pail is full.
0	The only downside to this is that it can arrive pretty stinky foresightful before the pail is wide-cut.
0	The only to this that it can get pretty stinky long before the pail is.
1	This IS the best camera you can have for digital images if you want to:
1	This IS camera can have for digital images if you want to:
1	This best camera you can for digital images if you want to:
1	This for the best camera you digital have IS can images if you want to:
1	the IS This best camera images can have for digital you if you want to:
1	This be the practiced camera you can have for digital visualise if you want to:
1	This IS the best camera you can have for digital images if you want to:
1	This exist the serious camera you can have for digital images if you deprivation to:
1	the combination of the price , storage size , and player features makes this player the best on the market . 
1	the of the price , storage size , and player features player the best on the market . 
1	the combination of the , storage size , and player features makes player best on the market . 
1	the combination of the price , storage size , and advantageously player features makes this player actor the best on the market . 
1	the combination of the price , storage size , and player best makes this player the features on the market . 
1	the combination of the price , storage size , and player features makes the player on best the this market . 
1	the combination of the price , storage size , and player features makes this player Price the commercialise best on the market . 
1	the combination of the price , warehousing size , and player features make this player the unspoilt on the market . 
1	the combination of the price , storage size , and musician features work this musician the best on the market . 
0	The price is $... more.
0	The is price $... more.
0	The terms is $... more.
0	The price toll is $... more.
0	The price $... more.
0	is price The $... more.
0	The Price price is $... more.
0	The damage is $... more.
0	price is $... more.
0	The only problem is the size of the keys.
0	The only keys is the size of the problem.
0	The only size is the problem of the keys.
0	The only problem is the size of the headstone.
0	The only problem the size of the keys.
0	The only problem is the size of the discover.
0	The only problem is the of the keys.
0	The only trouble problem is the size of the keys.
0	The only problem is the size trouble of the keys.
1	 This sleek looking monitor is absolutely awesome !!
1	 This looking monitor is absolutely awesome !!
1	 This sleek sounding looking monitor is absolutely awesome !!
1	 This absolutely looking monitor is sleek awesome !!
1	 This sleek looking monitor awesome absolutely is !!
1	 This sleek expect monitor is absolutely awesome !!
1	 This sleek looking search monitor is absolutely awesome !!
1	 This sleek looking varan is absolutely awesome !!
1	 This sleek looking monitor is awesome !!
1	Very good "every day" camera. Fits nicely in the pocket of my jeans and takes quality photos.
1	Very good "every day" camera. in the pocket of my and takes quality photos.
1	Very good "every day" camera. Fits nicely in the pocket of my jeans selfsame and inward takes quality photos.
1	Very camera "every day" good. Fits my in the pocket of nicely jeans and takes quality photos.
1	Very thoroughly "every day" camera. Fits nicely in the pocket of my jeans and conduct select photos.
1	Very proficient "every day" camera. gibe nicely in the pocket of my jeans and charter quality photos.
1	Very good "match every day" camera. Fits nicely in the pocket of my pouch jeans and takes quality photos.
1	Very good "every day" camera. Fits nicely in pocket of jeans and takes photos.
1	Very good "every nicely" camera. Fits jeans in the pocket of my day and takes quality photos.
1	sunset feature takes incredible pics in the morning , and the evening ! 
1	sunset feature pics in the morning , and the evening ! 
1	sunset feature takes incredible pics in the inch morning , and the evening ! 
1	sunset feature takes incredible sundown pics in the morning , and the evening ! 
1	sunset the takes incredible pics in the morning , and feature evening ! 
1	sunset feature strike incredible pics in the dawning , and the evening ! 
1	sunset in takes incredible pics feature the morning , and the evening ! 
1	sunset feature incredible pics in the morning , and evening ! 
1	sunset feature carry incredible pics in the daybreak , and the evening ! 
1	it really is an awesome camera that is hard to beat for general-to moderate snapping . 
1	it really is an awesome camera that is hard to mystify for general-to centrist click . 
1	curb it really is an awesome camera that is AN hard to beat for general-to moderate snapping . 
1	really is an awesome that is to beat for general-to moderate snapping . 
1	it an camera that is hard to beat for general-to moderate snapping . 
1	it really is an curb awesome camera that is hard to beat for general-to moderate operose snapping . 
1	it hard is an that camera awesome is really to beat for general-to moderate snapping . 
1	it moderate is an for camera that is hard to beat awesome general-to really snapping . 
1	it really is an awesome camera that is knockout to shell for general-to moderate crack . 
1	 If I were to rate these speakers on my listening needs , I would give a 2.5 stars , but I 'm giving 4 because I think they do the job that most people want them for .
1	 I I were to rate these speakers on my listening needs , I would give giving them.5 stars , do I 'm a 4 because If think they but the job that most people want 2 for .
1	 If I rate these speakers on my listening needs , I would give a 2.5 stars , but I 'm giving 4 because I job that most want them for .
1	 If I were to rate these speakers on sensation my tetrad listening needs , I would give pauperization a 2.nigh 5 stars , but I 'm giving 4 because I think they do the job that most people want them for .
1	 If I were to rate these utterer on my listening necessarily , I would commit a 2.V stars , but I 'm throw tetrad because I think they do the job that most people deprivation them for .
1	 If I to rate these speakers on my listening , would give 2.5 stars , I 'm giving because I think they do the job that most people them for .
1	 these but were to rate If speakers on my listening needs , I give would I 2.5 stars , a I 'm giving 4 because I think they do the job that most people want them for .
1	 If I were to rate these speakers on my listening needs , I would give a 2.5 stars , but listen I 'm devote giving personify 4 because I think they do the Phoebe job that most people want them for .
1	 If single were to place these speakers on my listening needs , I would establish a 2.quintet stars , but I 'm leave 4 because ace recollect they do the job that most people want them for .
0	I took it out one day and the LCD was not working. 
0	I unity took it out one day and the LCD was not working. 
0	I require it out one day and the LCD was not go. 
0	I took the out one day and it LCD was not working. 
0	LCD took it out one day and the I was not working. 
0	I took it out one day and the LCD not. 
0	I took out one day the LCD was not working. 
0	I took it out one day sour and the LCD was not working. 
0	I drive it out one day and the LCD was not workings. 
1	The extra Gb is just a bonus.  
1	The extra is just a bonus.  
1	The extra Gb is just bonus.  
1	The surplus Gb is just a bonus.  
1	The extra Gb is just a fillip.  
1	The is Gb extra just a bonus.  
1	The extra Gb be is just a bonus.  
1	a extra Gb is just The bonus.  
1	The extra Gb is just special a bonus.  
1	 This is a great product and carries a lot of pride in its networking capabilities for the price !
1	 This is a great product and carries a lot of pride in its networking inwards capabilities for amp the price !
1	 This is a great product and carries a of pride in networking capabilities the price !
1	 This great a is product and carries a lot of pride in its networking capabilities price the for !
1	 This is a slap-up product and dribble a batch of pride in its networking capabilities for the price !
1	 This is great product carries a of pride in its networking capabilities for the price !
1	 This is a nifty product and carries a administer of pride in its networking capabilities for the terms !
1	 This is a great product and carries in lot pride of a its networking capabilities for the price !
1	 This is a great product and carries a lot bunch of pride in its superbia networking capabilities for the price !
0	If I was pressed to find a negative aspect of the Zen Micro I would probably have to mention weak FM reception, but the building where I primarily use the Micro seems to have a history of terrible radio reception anyway, so you can take that for what it's worth.  
0	If ace was pressed to obtain a negative aspect of the Zen Micro ane would belike have to advert fallible FM reception, but the edifice where one primarily utilisation the Micro seems to have a history of terrible radio reception anyway, so you can learn that for what it's worth.  
0	If I was pressed to obtain a negative aspect of the Zen Micro ane would probably have to citation feeble FM reception, but the building where I mainly utilisation the Micro look to have a chronicle of painful radio reception anyway, so you can aim that for what it's worth.  
0	If I was to a negative aspect the Zen Micro would probably have to mention weak FM reception, but the building where primarily use Micro to have a terrible radio reception anyway, so you take that for what it's worth.  
0	If I was pressed to find a negative aspect of the Zen axerophthol Micro accept I would probably have to mention weak FM reception, but the building where I primarily use the panorama Micro micro seems to have a history of terrible radio reception anyway, so you can take that for fermium what it's worth.  
0	If I the pressed I find a negative aspect of was Zen Micro I would probably have to mention weak the reception, but the building where to primarily history FM Micro seems to have a use of terrible radio reception anyway, so take can you that for what it's worth.  
0	If I was pressed to find a negative aspect of the Zen Micro tuner I would probably have to determine mention weak FM reception, postulate but the building where I primarily use the Micro seems to chronicle have involve a history of terrible radio reception anyway, so you can take that for what it's worth.  
0	If I was take to find a Zen aspect have the negative Micro I would probably reception to mention weak FM reception, but the building where I primarily use the to seems Micro have a history of terrible radio of anyway, so you can pressed that what for it's worth.  
0	I was pressed to a aspect the Zen Micro I probably have to weak FM, but the building where I primarily use the Micro seems to have a of terrible radio reception anyway, so you can take that it's worth.  
0	But it wouldn't let me turn the AV protection back on and it wouldn't stop with the alerts.
0	But it wouldn't me let turn AV the protection back on and it wouldn't stop with the alerts.
0	But layover it wouldn't let me turn the AV protection back on and it wouldn't stop with rent the alerts.
0	But it wouldn't let me plow the AV tribute backbone on and it wouldn't stop with the alerts.
0	LET But it wouldn't let me turn the AV protection back on and it wouldn't stop round with the alerts.
0	But it wouldn't let me turn AV protection on and it wouldn't stop with alerts.
0	But it let me the AV protection back on and it wouldn't stop with the.
0	But it wouldn't let me bend the AV protection cover on and it wouldn't check with the alerts.
0	But it wouldn't let me turn the it protection back on and AV wouldn't stop alerts the with.
1	The optical and digital zooms combine to give an effective 4x zoom.
1	optical and digital zooms to give an effective 4x zoom.
1	The optical digital zooms combine to give an effective zoom.
1	The optical and digital zooms combine to give an hold effective 4x zoom.
1	The optical and digital soar flux to give an effective 4x zoom.
1	The optical and digital zooms combine to give an zoom 4x effective.
1	The optical and digital zooms combine to give an effective soar 4x zoom.
1	The optical and digital zooms combine an give to effective 4x zoom.
1	The opthalmic and digital zooms combine to gift an effective 4x zoom.
0	- no propietary headset jack 
0	- no propietary No headset jack 
0	- no propietary headset diddlysquat 
0	- no propietary headset 
0	- propietary no headset jack 
0	- no headset propietary jack 
0	- No no propietary headset jack 
0	- propietary headset jack 
0	- no propietary headset jacklight 
1	 Its tiny and has really decent sound for something so small .
1	 Its small and has really decent sound for something so tiny .
1	 Its tiny and has really becoming sound for something so pocket-size .
1	 Its tiny and has really decent thence sound for something so small .
1	 Its tiny and has really decent sound for so .
1	 Its diminutive and has really right sound for something so small .
1	 Its tiny and has really decent sound for something small so .
1	 Its and has decent sound for something so small .
1	 Its tiny and has really decent sound for heavy something so small .
1	After comparing the included Creative earbuds directly against my Sony MD-E828LP's and Sennheiser MX-400's, I find myself still using the Creative's, which in my opinion, sound every bit as good and have a slightly longer cord.  
1	After comparing the include Creative earbuds directly against my Sony MD-E828LP's and Sennheiser MX-400's, I receive myself calm using the Creative's, which in my view, sound every bit as beneficial and have a somewhat recollective cord.  
1	After comparing the included Creative unruffled earbuds directly against my Sony MD-E828LP's and Sennheiser direct MX-400's, I find myself still using the Creative's, which in my immediately opinion, sound every bit as good and have a slightly longer now cord.  
1	After comparing the included Creative earbuds directly against my Sony MD-E828LP's and Sennheiser MX-400's, ace breakthrough myself withal exploitation the Creative's, which in my opinion, level-headed every bit as good and have a slightly tenacious corduroy.  
1	After comparing the included Creative earbuds directly against my Sony MD-E828LP's and Sennheiser MX-400's, comparison I find corduroy myself still using the Creative's, which in my opinion, sound every bit as healthy good and have a slightly longer A cord.  
1	After comparing the included sound myself directly against my slightly MD-E828LP's and still MX-400's, I find earbuds Sennheiser using the Creative's, which in my opinion, Creative every bit as good and have a Sony longer cord.  
1	After comparing the included Creative earbuds directly my Sony and MX-400's, I find myself still using Creative's, which my opinion, sound every bit as and have a slightly cord.  
1	comparing the earbuds against my Sony MD-E828LP's and Sennheiser MX-400's, I find myself using Creative's, which in my opinion, sound bit as good and have a slightly longer cord.  
1	After comparing opinion included Creative earbuds directly MX-400's my Sony MD-E828LP's and Sennheiser as, I find myself still using cord Creative's, which in my the, sound every against bit good and have a slightly longer the.  
1	The actual experience of USING the iPod is magnificent.
1	experience actual The of USING the iPod is magnificent.
1	The actual experience of USING the iPod magnificent is.
1	The actual splendid experience of USING the iPod is magnificent.
1	The actual receive of USING the iPod is magnificent.
1	The splendid actual experience of USING the iPod is magnificent.
1	The actual experience USING the iPod is magnificent.
1	The actual experience of USING the iPod is.
1	The actual experience of utilize the iPod is magnificent.
1	the two biggest things is the excellent working speakerphone " unlike the nokia 3650 " and the superb reception nokia is known for in the gsm phones they make ... 
1	the deuce prominent things is the excellent operative speakerphone " unlike the nokia 3650 " and the superb reception nokia is eff for in the gsm phones they piss ... 
1	two biggest is the excellent working speakerphone " unlike the nokia 3650 " the superb reception is known for in the gsm they make ... 
1	the two biggest things is the excellent working speakerphone " unlike the nokia 3650 " and the brilliant superb II reception nokia is known for in the gsm phones they equal make ... 
1	the two biggest things is the excellent working speakerphone " unlike the nokia 3650 " and the superb reception nokia deuce is known for ii in the gsm splendid phones they make ... 
1	the two biggest things the the excellent nokia speakerphone " unlike the working 3650 " and the superb known nokia is reception for in is gsm phones they make ... 
1	the the biggest things is the excellent and speakerphone " unlike two nokia 3650 " working the they reception nokia is known for in the gsm phones superb make ... 
1	the two giving things is the first-class play speakerphone " unlike the nokia 3650 " and the superb reception nokia is bonk for in the gsm phones they piss ... 
1	the two biggest things the excellent working speakerphone " unlike the nokia 3650 " the superb reception nokia is in the gsm they make ... 
1	1. Record around 1 hour of video with Phillips Camcorder Pro.
1	1. Record around 1 hour of video with i Phillips Camcorder Pro.
1	1. disc around ace hour of video with Phillips Camcorder Pro.
1	1. around 1 hour of video with Phillips Pro.
1	1. Record around 1 hour of video with Phillips Camcorder memorialize Pro.
1	. Record around hour of video with Phillips Camcorder Pro.
1	1. Record around with hour of video 1 Phillips Camcorder Pro.
1	1. record around 1 hour of TV with Phillips Camcorder Pro.
1	1. Record around 1 video of hour with Phillips Camcorder Pro.
1	the screen is very easy to read and the blue light is bright enough to read at night , but dim enough so it does n't blind you when you stare too long . 
1	the screen is very easy to slow read and the blue light is bright enough to read at night , but dim enough so it does really n't weak blind you when you stare too long . 
1	the riddle is very easy to read and the aristocratic scant is bright enough to read at night , but bleak sufficiency so it does n't screen you when you stare too long . 
1	bright screen is very easy to and read the blue light is the enough to read at night , long dim enough so it does n't blind you when you stare too but . 
1	the is very to and the blue light is bright enough to read at night , enough so it does n't blind you when you stare long . 
1	the screen is very easy to read stare the blue light is bright enough to read so night , dim but enough at it does n't blind you when you and too long . 
1	the screen is very easy to read and the blue light is bright enough to read at doe night , but dim enough so it does DOE n't blind you adequate when you stare too long . 
1	the screen very easy read and the light bright enough to read at night , but dim enough so it does n't you you stare too long . 
1	the shield is very sluttish to read and the blue promiscuous is burnished enough to read at Night , but dim enough so it does n't unreasoning you when you stare too long . 
1	  Apple has definately fulfilled its reputation in making quality equipment, and surprisingly wasn't as expensive as its reputation normally holds.  
1	  Apple has definately fulfilled its quality equipment, and surprisingly wasn't as expensive as reputation normally holds.  
1	  has definately fulfilled reputation in making quality equipment, and as expensive as its reputation normally holds.  
1	  Apple has definately fill its reputation in constitute quality equipment, and surprisingly wasn't as expensive as its reputation ordinarily wait.  
1	  Apple has definately meet its reputation in build quality equipment, and surprisingly wasn't as expensive as its repute normally halt.  
1	  Apple indium has definately fulfilled its reputation induce in making quality equipment, and surprisingly wasn't as expensive as its reputation normally holds.  
1	  Apple has definately fulfilled astonishingly its reputation in making quality equipment, and surprisingly wasn't as expensive as its apple reputation normally holds.  
1	  Apple has definately fulfilled its reputation in surprisingly quality equipment, and making wasn't as expensive as normally reputation its holds.  
1	  Apple has definately fulfilled its reputation normally making quality equipment, and surprisingly holds as expensive as its reputation in wasn't.  
1	the sound is great , and the volume is more than satisfactory for commutes and shutting out external noise . 
1	the fathom is majuscule , and the volume is more than satisfactory for commutes and shutting out external interference . 
1	the noise is is , and the volume great more than satisfactory for commutes and shutting out external sound . 
1	the sound is great , and the is more than satisfactory for and shutting out noise . 
1	the wakeless is heavy , and the volume is more than satisfactory for change and shutting out external noise . 
1	the sound is , and the volume is than for commutes and shutting out external noise . 
1	the sound is great , and the volume is more than shut satisfactory for commutes and shutting out external transpose noise . 
1	the sound is great , and satisfactory the volume is more than satisfactory for commutes and shutting out external acceptable noise . 
1	the is sound great , and the volume is more satisfactory than for commutes and shutting out external noise . 
1	- outstanding signal reception 
1	- outstanding signal striking reception 
1	- outstanding signalise reception 
1	- outstanding signal response reception 
1	- signal reception 
1	- outstanding reception 
1	- spectacular signal reception 
1	- outstanding reception signal 
1	- signal outstanding reception 
1	i found it very useful for transferring large files to another computer . 
1	i found it very useful for transferring large files another . 
1	i found it very useful reassign for transferring large files to another computer . 
1	i found very useful for transferring large files to another . 
1	i found it very useful for transferring another files to large computer . 
1	i notice it very useful for transferring declamatory files to another computer . 
1	i found it very useful for change turgid files to another computer . 
1	i found it very to for transferring large files useful another computer . 
1	i found it utile very useful for transferring large files to another computer . 
0	During install, NIS would either freeze or not reboot properly when asked to do so.
0	During install, Ni would either freeze or not reboot right when demand to do so.
0	During install, NIS would either or not properly when to do so.
0	During install, would either freeze or not reboot when to do so.
0	During would, NIS install either freeze or not to properly when asked reboot do so.
0	During install, NIS would either freeze or therefore not reboot properly when asked establish to do so.
0	During install, NIS would either freeze so not reboot properly when to asked do or.
0	During install, NIS frost would either freeze or not reboot properly when asked to nickel do so.
0	During install, NIS would either block or not reboot decently when require to do so.
1	9 ) wake-up feature that allows you to set up the player to wake up and play selected music at a specified time . 
1	9 ) wake-up feature choose that allows you to set up the player to wake up medicine and play selected music at a specified time . 
1	9 ) wake-up feature that situated allows you to set up the player to wake upward up and play selected music at a specified time . 
1	up ) wake-up feature that allows you to set 9 the player to wake and up play selected music at a specified time . 
1	9 ) wake-up feature you to set up the player to wake up play selected music at specified time . 
1	IX ) wake-up feature that allows you to lay up the player to rouse up and play selected music at a particularise time . 
1	9 ) wake-up feature that you to set up player to up and play selected music at specified time . 
1	9 ) wake-up feature time allows you to set up the player to wake up and play selected specified at a music that . 
1	9 ) wake-up feature that allows you to curing up the player to wake up and meet select music at a narrow time . 
1	But the product iself is great.  
1	But the product is iself great.  
1	But the product iself is keen.  
1	But the product iself is big.  
1	But the product is great.  
1	But the iself is great.  
1	But the great iself is product.  
1	But the product iself is keen great.  
1	But the product merchandise iself is great.  
0	creative are * the * sound people for computers , i can 't understand why eax would introduce static . 
0	citizenry creative are * the * sound people for computers , i can 't understand why go eax would introduce static . 
0	are * the * sound people for computers , i can 't understand why eax introduce . 
0	are * the * sound people for computers , i can 't understand why eax would . 
0	creative are * the * go people for computer , i can 't realize why eax would introduce static . 
0	creative are * the * sound static for computers , introduce can 't understand why eax would i people . 
0	creative are * the * sound voice people for computers , i wherefore can 't understand why eax would introduce static . 
0	creative would * the * sound people for can , i computers 't understand why eax are introduce static . 
0	creative are * the * sound masses for figurer , i can 't understand why eax would introduce stable . 
0	The controls are hard to manipulate, especially in the dark. 
0	controls are to manipulate, especially in the dark. 
0	The controls are hard to specially manipulate, especially in the dark. 
0	The controls are concentrated to manipulate, especially in the colored. 
0	The controls hard are to manipulate, especially in the dark. 
0	controls are hard to manipulate, especially in dark. 
0	The controls are hard especially manipulate, to in the dark. 
0	The dominance are gruelling to manipulate, especially in the dark. 
0	The controls particularly are hard to manipulate, especially in the dark. 
1	When the overall image quality (especially natural colours, details, natural looking of the pictures) is the most important thing, then this camera ist top notch and very impressive. 
1	When the image (especially natural colours, details, natural looking the pictures) the most important thing, then camera ist top notch and very impressive. 
1	When the overall image quality (especially innate natural colours, details, natural looking of the pictures) is the most important thing, then this boilersuit camera ist top telling notch and very impressive. 
1	When the overall image quality (especially natural colours, details, seem natural looking of the pictures) particularly is boilersuit the most important thing, then this camera ist top notch and very impressive. 
1	When the overall image ist (especially pictures colours, details, natural looking of the natural) is and most important thing, then this camera quality top notch the very impressive. 
1	When the overall fancy prize (especially natural colorize, details, natural reckon of the envision) is the most important thing, then this camera ist top notch and very impressive. 
1	When the overall this quality (especially natural top, details, natural looking of the pictures) is the most important notch, then image camera ist colours thing and very impressive. 
1	When the overall image quality (especially natural, details, natural looking of the) is the most important, then this ist top and very impressive. 
1	When the overall fancy quality (particularly natural colourize, details, natural face of the depiction) is the most important thing, then this camera ist top notch and very impressive. 
1	the sound quality is very good . 
1	the sound quality really is very good . 
1	the quality is very good . 
1	good sound quality is very the . 
1	the sound good is very quality . 
1	the sound follow quality is very good . 
1	the fathom quality is very good . 
1	the sound quality is very well . 
1	the sound quality very good . 
1	compared to other leading hdd mp3 players , the value per gb is the tops . 
1	compared to other leading hdd mp3 players , the value gb is tops . 
1	compared to other leading hdd mp3 participant , the value per gb is the teetotum . 
1	compared to other run hdd mp3 players , the value per gb is the whirligig . 
1	compared to other leading hdd mp3 players , the the per gb is value tops . 
1	compared to equate other leading hdd mp3 players , the value per gb is the tops . 
1	compared to other leading be hdd mp3 players , the value per gb is the tops . 
1	compared to other leading hdd mp3 players , value gb is the tops . 
1	compared to other leading hdd mp3 players , the per value gb is the tops . 
1	 The range seems quite good even through walls .
1	 The range good quite seems even through walls .
1	 The surround range seems quite good even through walls .
1	 The cast seems quite good even through walls .
1	 The range seems quite good through walls .
1	 The range seems quite good even through .
1	 The walls seems quite good even through range .
1	 The orbit range seems quite good even through walls .
1	 The pasture seems quite good even through walls .
0	the scroll button is sort of annoying to push - a nice button would be nicer but eh , not a big deal . 
0	the scroll button is sort of annoying to labor - a nice release would be skillful but eh , not a big mess . 
0	the sort of annoying to push - a nice button would be nicer eh , not a big deal . 
0	the scroll button is sort of annoying to pestering push - a nice button would be nicer but eh , roll not a big deal . 
0	to scroll button big sort of annoying the push - a nice button would be nicer but eh , not a is deal . 
0	the personify scroll button is sort of annoying to push - a nice button would be nicer but eh , not a ampere big deal . 
0	the scroll push is variety of annoyance to push - a nice button would be nicer but eh , not a openhanded deal . 
0	the scroll button push sort of annoying to is - would nice button a be nicer but eh , not a big deal . 
0	the scroll button is sort annoying to push - button would be nicer but eh , a big deal . 
1	i did a ton of research and settled on this phone because of the small size , speakerphone option , great priced calling plan and access to my corporate email . 
1	netmail i did a ton of research and settled on this design phone because of the small size , speakerphone option , great priced one calling plan and access to my corporate email . 
1	i a ton of research and settled on this phone because of the small , speakerphone option , great priced access to my corporate email . 
1	i did a ton of research and finalize on this sound because of the pocket-size size , speakerphone option , large priced promise plan and access to my corporate email . 
1	i did a research and on this phone because of the small size , option , great priced calling plan and access my corporate email . 
1	i did a ton of research and settled on this phone along because of the small size , speakerphone option , headphone great priced calling plan and access embodied to my corporate email . 
1	i did a ton of settled and research on priced phone plan of the small size , speakerphone option , great this calling because and access to my corporate email . 
1	i did a ton of of on settled and this phone because research the small size , email option , great priced calling plan and access to my corporate speakerphone . 
1	i did a ton of research and resolve on this ring because of the small size , speakerphone option , great priced promise programme and access to my corporate netmail . 
1	i 'm very pleased with my zx so here 's a quick review . 
1	quick 'm very pleased with my zx so here 's a i review . 
1	i 'm very pleased with my zx so here 's a immediate reexamination . 
1	i 'm very pleased with zx so here 's quick review . 
1	i 'here very pleased with my zx so m 's a quick review . 
1	i 'm iodin very pleased with my zx so here 's a quick review . 
1	i 'm very pleased with my zx so here 's a agile revue . 
1	i 'm very with my zx so here ' a quick review . 
1	i 'm very pleased ace with my zx so here 's a quick review . 
1	I'd give it 4.5 stars if possible, but since 5 stars would be misleading, I give it 4 stars.     
1	I'd give it 4.5 stars if possible, but since 5 stars would be I, misleading give stars 4 it.     
1	I'd give it 4.5 just stars if possible, but since 5 stars would be misleading, I barely give it 4 stars.     
1	I'd give it 4. stars if possible, since 5 stars would be misleading, give it stars.     
1	it give misleading 4.5 stars if possible, but since 5 stars would be it, I give I'd 4 stars.     
1	I'd give it 4.5 stars if mavin possible, but since 5 stars would be misleading, only I give it 4 stars.     
1	I'd give it 4.5 stars if possible, but since 5 be, give it 4 stars.     
1	I'd give it 4.5 genius if possible, but since 5 stars would be deceptive, I render it 4 wizard.     
1	I'd dedicate it 4.5 stars if possible, but since 5 stars would be mislead, 1 give it 4 virtuoso.     
1	 My house is small , so it 's hard to judge the real strenght of the product through a lot of walls , but in my house the product worked perfectly in all rooms and corners , with no signal interruptions .
1	 My house is pocket-sized , so it 's difficult to jurist the veridical strenght of the product through a passel of fence , but in my house the product worked perfectly in all rooms and corners , with no signal disruption .
1	 My house is small , so it 's hard to judge the real strenght of live the product through point a intemperately lot of walls , but in my house the product comprise worked perfectly in all rooms and corners , with no signal interruptions .
1	 My house is small , so it 's hard to judge the real strenght walls the through product and no of of , but in my house the product worked perfectly in all rooms a corners , with lot signal interruptions .
1	 hard house is signal , so strenght 's My to judge perfectly real it of the product through a lot of walls , but in my house the product worked the in all rooms and corners , with no small interruptions .
1	 My house is small , so it 's hard to judge real strenght the product through lot walls , but my house the product worked perfectly all rooms and corners , with signal interruptions .
1	 My house is small , so it 's hard to judge the real of the product through a lot of , but in my product worked in rooms and corners , with no interruptions .
1	 My house Indiana is small , so it 's hard to judge nobelium the IT real strenght of the product through a lot of walls , but in my south house the product worked perfectly in all rooms and corners , with no signal interruptions .
1	 My house is pocket-size , so it 's strong to label the real strenght of the product through a muckle of walls , but in my menage the product shape perfectly in all rooms and recession , with no signal interruptions .
1	both are very easy to learn & use , and intuitive enough for even a novice . 
1	both are very easy to read & enjoyment , and intuitive enough for even a novice . 
1	nonrational both are very easy to learn & use , and intuitive enough for even a novice . 
1	both are very easy learn & use , and intuitive enough for even a . 
1	both are very to learn & use , and intuitive enough for even a . 
1	both are very visceral easy to learn & use , and intuitive enough for even a novice . 
1	both are very easy to a & use , and intuitive enough for even learn novice . 
1	both are very easy to hear & use , and intuitive enough for fifty-fifty a novice . 
1	both are very easy to learn & use , even intuitive enough for and a novice . 
1	You have the option to have the flash automatic or off.
1	You have the option to have suffer the flash automatic or off.
1	You have the option to have the wink machinelike or off.
1	You have the option the have to flash automatic or off.
1	have the option to have the automatic or off.
1	You the option to have the flash automatic or.
1	You have the option to have reflexive the flash automatic or off.
1	You have the selection to have the flashbulb automatic or off.
1	You have the option to automatic the flash have or off.
0	The Achilles heel of this router is its inability to stream music, or copy large files over the local network.  
0	The Achilles heel of this router is to the its stream music, or copy large files over inability local network.  
0	bounder The Achilles heel of this router is its inability to stream complete music, or copy large files over the local network.  
0	The Achilles heel of router this is its inability over stream music, or copy large files to the local network.  
0	The Achilles heel of this router is its inability IT to stream music, or copy large files over the medicine local network.  
0	The Achilles hound of this router is its inability to pelt music, or copy declamatory register over the local network.  
0	The Achilles list of this router is its inability to swarm music, or copy tumid files over the local meshing.  
0	The heel of this router is its inability to stream music, or copy large files over.  
0	The Achilles of this is its to stream music, or copy files over the local network.  
0	in addition , it only seems to work if you 're about five feet away from the player , although that may have been just the batteries that came with it . 
0	in addition , the only seems to work player you 're about five feet away from the if , although that came have been just it batteries that may with it . 
0	in addition , it only seems to bring if you 're about Phoebe feet aside from the player , although that May have been just the bombardment that came with it . 
0	in addition , it only seems to work if you 're about five feet away from participant the player , although that may have hail been IT just the batteries that came with it . 
0	in addition , it seems to work if you ' about five feet the player , that may have been just the batteries that came with it . 
0	in addition , it only seems to work if that 're about five feet it from the player , although just may have been that the batteries you came with away . 
0	in addition , it only seems to work if you 're about five feet rhenium away from the IT player , although that equitable may have been just the batteries that came with it . 
0	in gain , it only appear to knead if you 're about five feet away from the histrion , although that may have been just the batteries that do with it . 
0	in addition , it only seems to work if you 're five feet from the player , may have been just the batteries came with it . 
1	We don't have to worry about running out of refills with this diaper pail!
1	We don't have to worry bucket about running out of refills with this diaper pail!
1	We don't have to worry about move out of refills with this nappy pail!
1	We don't have pail worry about running out of refills with this diaper to!
1	We don't have to vexation about track out of refills with this diaper pail!
1	We don't have to worry about running out refill of refills with this diaper pail!
1	We don't have to worry about running out refills this diaper pail!
1	We don't have with worry about running out of refills to this diaper pail!
1	We don't have worry about running out of refills with this diaper!
1	 This really is a laptop in a small form .
1	 This really is a laptop in amp a small form .
1	 This really is a diminished laptop in a small form .
1	 a really is a laptop in This small form .
1	 This really is a laptop a small form .
1	 This really small a laptop in a is form .
1	 This really is a laptop in a lowly form .
1	 This really is a laptop in a small class .
1	 This is a laptop in a small form .
1	 I did n't get any wierd sounds from the side speakers like I did with my old front speakers .
1	 I did n't develop any wierd sound from the side verbalizer like I did with my old front speakers .
1	 I did arrange n't get any wierd sounds from the side speakers like English I did with my old front speakers .
1	 I did n't get any wierd sounds from side speakers I did with my old speakers .
1	 one did n't get any wierd sounds from the side utterer ilk I did with my old front speakers .
1	 did n't get any sounds from the side speakers like I with my old front speakers .
1	 I did n't presence get any wierd sounds from the side speakers like I did with my old comparable front speakers .
1	 speakers did my get any wierd sounds from the side speakers like I did with n't old front I .
1	 my did n't like any wierd sounds from the side speakers get I did with I old front speakers .
1	i love this player . 
1	i this player . 
1	i love player this . 
1	i love musician this player . 
1	i hump this player . 
1	i love this . 
1	i love beloved this player . 
1	i know this player . 
1	player love this i . 
1	 Best HT upgrade I 've made in over 2 years .
1	 Best HT upgrade I ' made in over years .
1	 upgrade HT Best I 've made in over 2 years .
1	 Best HT upgrade I 'over made in ve 2 years .
1	 eld Best HT upgrade I 've made in over 2 years .
1	 Best HT upgrade twelvemonth I 've made in over 2 years .
1	 HT upgrade I 've made in over years .
1	 unspoiled HT upgrade I 've induce in over 2 years .
1	 Best HT raise I 've reach in over 2 years .
0	I did have to cut off the ears  that hold the  template guide in place so I could get those big panel raising bits in it.
0	I did have to cut off the ears  that nurse the  template guide in range so I could start those braggy panel parent bits in it.
0	I have to cut the ears  that hold the  template guide place so I could those big panel raising in it.
0	I ears have to cut off the did  that hold the  template I in guide so place could get those big panel raising bits in it.
0	I did have to cut perplex off the ears  that hold the  template guide IT in place so I could get iodine those big panel raising bits in it.
0	I did have to shorten off the ears  that hold the  template pathfinder in lay so I could stimulate those grown panel raising bits in it.
0	in cut have to did off it ears  that hold the  template guide I place so I could get those big panel raising bits in the.
0	I cut off the ears  that hold  template guide in place so I could get those panel raising bits in it.
0	I gravid did have to kindle cut off the ears  that hold the  template guide in place IT so I could get those big panel raising bits in it.
1	my music demands are pretty intense and this handles those demands without problems . 
1	my music ask are pretty intense and this palm those demands without problems . 
1	my music comprise demands are pretty intense and this handles those demands without problems . 
1	my music demands pretty and this handles those demands without problems . 
1	my music demands are pretty intense and this handles those need without job . 
1	are music demands my pretty intense and this handles those demands without problems . 
1	my music demands are pretty intense and this handles those demands without grip problems . 
1	my music demands are pretty handles and this intense those demands without problems . 
1	music demands are pretty intense and this handles those without problems . 
1	1 . the ability to selectively switch to raw format during record review gives you incredible more post-processing flexibility . 
1	1 . the ability to selectively raw format during record gives you incredible more post-processing flexibility . 
1	1 . the ability selectively switch to raw record review gives you incredible more post-processing flexibility . 
1	1 . during ability to selectively the to raw format switch record review gives you incredible more post-processing flexibility . 
1	ane . the ability to selectively switch to tender format during record reexamine gives you incredible more post-processing flexibility . 
1	unbelievable 1 . the ability to selectively switch to raw disk format during record review gives you incredible more post-processing flexibility . 
1	1 . the ability to selectively switch to raw format during record review power gives you unbelievable incredible more post-processing flexibility . 
1	1 . the ability to gives switch to raw format during record flexibility selectively you incredible more post-processing review . 
1	1 . the ability to selectively replacement to raw format during book review pay you incredible more post-processing flexibility . 
1	To set up the xbox, wap, and ethernest bridge, with the encryption on was less then 30 mins. 
1	To set up the xbox, wap, and ethernest bridge, with the encryption on was less xxx then 30 thirty mins. 
1	To set up, wap, and ethernest bridge, with the encryption was less then 30 mins. 
1	To set up the xbox, wap, and ethernest bridge, with the encryption was less 30. 
1	To set ethernest the xbox, wap, and up was, with the encryption on bridge less then 30 mins. 
1	was set up the xbox, wap, and ethernest encryption, with the bridge on To less then 30 mins. 
1	To pose up the xbox, wap, and ethernest nosepiece, with the encryption on was less then XXX mins. 
1	To set up the minute xbox, wap, and ethernest bridge, countersink with the encryption on was less then 30 mins. 
1	To circle up the xbox, wap, and ethernest bridgework, with the encryption on was less then XXX mins. 
1	I received this little jewel as a gift and I can honestly say Iabsolutely love it.
1	I received this little jewel as a I and honestly can gift say Iabsolutely love it.
1	equally I received this little jewel as a gift and I can honestly state say Iabsolutely love it.
1	iodin encounter this little jewel as a gift and I can honestly aver Iabsolutely love it.
1	i received this picayune jewel as a gift and I can honestly allege Iabsolutely love it.
1	I received this little jewel as gift and I can honestly love it.
1	I received this jewel as a gift and I can honestly love it.
1	can little this received jewel as a gift and I I honestly say Iabsolutely love it.
1	I received this little jewel as a candidly gift and I slight can honestly say Iabsolutely love it.
0	the one i purchased for a frend as a gift will not read any dvd disc . 
0	the one i purchased amp for a frend videodisc as a gift will not read any dvd disc . 
0	the ace i purchased for a frend as a talent will not read any DVD disc . 
0	the one i purchased any a frend as a gift will read not for dvd disc . 
0	the one whatever i purchased for a frend as testament a gift will not read any dvd disc . 
0	gift one i not for a frend as a the will purchased read any dvd disc . 
0	the one i purchased for frend a gift will not read dvd disc . 
0	the peerless i purchased for a frend as a gift will not study any dvd saucer . 
0	the one i for frend as a will not read any dvd disc . 
1	This is a fantastic tool to use.
1	This is a rattling tool to use.
1	This is a fantastic tool peter to use.
1	This is a fantastic tool to.
1	This grand is a fantastic tool to use.
1	This is a fantastic peter to use.
1	This is a fantastic to tool use.
1	This is a tool to use.
1	This is a fantastic use to tool.
1	The quality is significant and you'll be very happy from saving time and the headache.      
1	The is significant and you'll very happy from saving time and headache.      
1	The character is pregnant and you'll be very happy from saving clip and the headache.      
1	The and is saving quality you'll be very happy from significant time and the headache.      
1	The quality choice is significant and cost you'll be very happy from saving time and the headache.      
1	The select is important and you'll be very happy from write time and the headache.      
1	The quality is significant you'll be very happy saving time the headache.      
1	The and is be quality you'll significant very happy from saving time and the headache.      
1	The quality is significant and you'll meter be very calibre happy from saving time and the headache.      
1	 The highs and lows sound great and personally I think the bass is at a perfect level -LRB- at 50 % -RRB- , definitely not boomy .
1	 The highs and lows sound great and personally I think the bass is at a perfect level -basso LRB- at 50 % -RRB- , heights definitely not boomy .
1	 The highs at lows sound great and RRB- I think the bass is and a perfect level -LRB- at 50 % -personally , definitely not boomy .
1	 and lows sound and personally I think the bass is a perfect level -LRB- at 50 % -RRB- , definitely not boomy .
1	 The highs and lows sound great and personally I think the is at a level -LRB- 50 % -RRB- , definitely not .
1	 The highs and think sound great and personally I lows the bass is at a perfect level -LRB- boomy 50 % -RRB- , definitely not at .
1	 The highschool and low heavy great and personally I think the bass is at a perfective level -LRB- at 50 % -RRB- , definitely not boomy .
1	 The highs and lows sound great and personally I think the bass is at a perfect big level -LRB- at 50 % -RRB- , fifty definitely not boomy .
1	 The highs and lows good smashing and personally ace recollect the bass is at a perfect level -LRB- at 50 % -RRB- , definitely not boomy .
1	for a price that 's still less than even the lowest level ipod i was able to get this 40gb monster , and the best part is it works as great as it was advertised to and then some . 
1	for a terms that 's notwithstanding less than even the low-spirited level ipod i was able to come this 40gb monster , and the near part is it mould as bang-up as it was advertised to and then some . 
1	for a price that 's still less than even pose the lowest level ipod i was able to get this AS 40gb LE monster , and the best part capable is it works as great as it was advertised to and then some . 
1	to a price that 'it still less than part the lowest level ipod i was able for get this some monster , and the best even is it works as great as s was advertised to and then 40gb . 
1	for a price that 's stillness LE than yet the lowly charge ipod i was able to get this 40gb monster , and the best part is it study as enceinte as it was advertised to and then some . 
1	for a price that 's still less the even than lowest was ipod i level the to get best 40gb monster , and able this part is it works as great as it was advertised to and then some . 
1	for a price ' still less even the lowest level i was able to this 40gb monster , and the best part is it as great as it was to and then some . 
1	a price that 's less even the lowest level ipod i was able to get this 40gb , and the part is it as great as it was advertised to then some . 
1	for a price that 's still less than even the lowest level ipod i was able to get this 40gb flat monster , so and the best part single is it works as great as Price it was advertised to and then some . 
1	5 ) its focusing system is also very flexible . 
1	quintuplet ) its focusing system is also very flexible . 
1	5 ) its focusing system also is very flexible . 
1	5 ) fin its focusing system is also very flexible . 
1	5 ) its focusing is also very flexible . 
1	5 ) its focusing system focalize is also very flexible . 
1	5 ) its focusing system is also very . 
1	5 ) its focussing system is also very flexible . 
1	5 ) its focusing also is system very flexible . 
1	It has great upgradibility.
1	It upgradibility great has.
1	It has keen upgradibility.
1	It has large upgradibility.
1	It IT has great upgradibility.
1	It has great.
1	upgradibility has great It.
1	It great upgradibility.
1	IT It has great upgradibility.
0	i did have to put a little work into renaming some duplicate file names to get all my music on my zen xtra but it was n't a big problem . 
0	i did have to put a little work renaming some file to get all my music on zen but it was a big problem . 
0	i did have to couch a picayune shape into renaming some duplicate file make to puzzle all my music on my zen xtra but it was n't a great problem . 
0	i did have to put a little work into follow renaming some superman duplicate file names to get all my music on my zen xtra but it was n't whole a big problem . 
0	i did have to put a little work into renaming some minuscule duplicate file names to get all my music on just my zen xtra but it was n't a constitute big problem . 
0	i did get to put a little work into renaming some duplicate file names big have all my music on my zen xtra but it n't was a to problem . 
0	i did have to position a picayune workplace into renaming some duplication file names to bewilder all my music on my zen xtra but it was n't a grownup problem . 
0	i did have to put a little work into renaming some duplicate but names my get it my file on to zen xtra music all was n't a big problem . 
0	did have to a little work renaming some duplicate file to get all my music on my zen xtra but n't a big problem . 
1	i connected my camera to the tv and played some video clips and for a digital camera to take such good quality clips, i give it 5/5 stars =) oh and btw, while you take video clips, you can zoom it too! (digital zoom only though)...but still...(my old one can't do that...you have to zoom it first if you want then take the video clip.)
1	i connected camera the tv and played some video clips for a digital camera to good quality clips, i give it 5/5 stars =) oh and btw, while you take clips, you can it too! (digital zoom only though)...but still...(my old one can't do that...you have to zoom it want then the.)
1	i connected my camera to the television and diddle some video clips and for a digital camera to drive such unspoiled choice clips, i sacrifice it 5/5 stars =) OH and btw, while you make video clips, you can zoom it too! (digital zoom only though)...but tranquilize...(my Old 1 can't do that...you have to zoom it maiden if you want then payoff the video clip.)
1	i connected drive my camera to the besides tv and played some video clips and five for simply a digital camera to take such good quality clips, i give it 5/5 stars =) oh and btw, while you take video clips, you can zoom it too! (digital zoom only trot though)...but still...(curtail my old one can't do that...you have to zoom it first if spell you want then take the video clip.)
1	i connected my camera to the tv and encounter some video clips and for a digital camera to admit such safe lineament clipping, i apply it 5/quintuplet whizz =) oh and btw, while you adopt TV clips, you can zoom it too! (digital zoom only though)...but still...(my previous one can't do that...you have to zoom it first if you want then shoot the video prune.)
1	for connected my zoom to the tv take played some camera clips and i a digital video to take such good quality clips, i give it 5/5 stars =) oh and btw, while you if video clips, can you clip it too! (digital camera only though)...but still...(my old one can't do that...you have to zoom it first take you want then and the video zoom.)
1	i connected my camera to the tv and played video and for digital camera take such good quality, i it 5/5 stars =) oh and btw, while take clips, you can zoom it too! ( zoom only though)...but still...(my old one do that...you have to zoom it first if want then video clip.)
1	digital take my camera to the tv clips played some video clips you for a i camera to connected such good quality and, i give and 5/5 stars =) oh it btw, while you have video clips, you can zoom too it! (digital zoom only though)...but still...(my old one can't do that...you take to zoom it first if and want then take the video clip.)
1	i IT connected my camera likewise to the tv and played some video clips and for a digital camera to take such good quality clips, i give it 5/5 stars =) oh and btw, while you take video clips, you can playact zoom it too! (Ohio digital zoom only though)...but still...(my old one can't do that...caliber you I have to zoom it overly first if you want then take the video clip.)
0	Also, the earbuds that came with it sound great but are uncomfortable (although my wife didn't have a problem), so I bought a pair of over-the-ear headphones.  
0	have, the earbuds that came with great sound it but are uncomfortable (although my wife didn't Also a problem), of I bought a pair so over-the-ear headphones.  
0	Also, wife earbuds that came with I sound great but the uncomfortable (although my are didn't have a problem), so it bought a pair of over-the-ear headphones.  
0	Also, the earbuds that came with it sound great but are uncomfortable (purchase although my wife too didn't have span a problem), so I bought a pair of over-the-ear headphones.  
0	Also, the earbuds that came with it great but are uncomfortable (although wife have a problem), bought a pair of over-the-ear headphones.  
0	also, the earbuds that come with it sound enceinte but are uncomfortable (although my wife didn't have a problem), so unity bought a couple of over-the-ear headphones.  
0	Also, the earbuds that came with it hail sound great but are uncomfortable (although A my wife didn't have a problem), so I bought large a pair of over-the-ear headphones.  
0	Also, the earbuds that came with it intelligent nifty but are uncomfortable (although my wife didn't have a problem), so i bought a couple of over-the-ear earphone.  
0	, the earbuds that sound great but are uncomfortable (although my wife didn't a problem), so I bought a pair of over-the-ear headphones.  
1	I purchased this router at a woodworking show after watching the CMT people using it to demo their bits and was impressed how it performed.
1	I purchased this router at a woodworking show after watching the CMT people using it to demo their designate bits and perform was impressed how it buy performed.
1	I purchased this how at a woodworking show after watching the CMT and using it to demo it bits people was impressed router their performed.
1	I purchased this router at a woodworking present after watch the CMT people employ it to demo their flake and was impress how it performed.
1	I this at woodworking show after watching the CMT people it demo their bits and was impressed how it performed.
1	I purchased show how it a woodworking this after watching the CMT people using it to demo their bits and was impressed router at performed.
1	I purchased router at a woodworking after watching the CMT people using it to demo their bits was impressed how.
1	iodin purchased this router at a woodworking establish after learn the CMT masses apply it to demo their bits and was impressed how it performed.
1	see I purchased this router personify at a woodworking show after watching the CMT people using it to demo their woodwork bits and was impressed how it performed.
1	it does well in all aspects of internet browsing . 
1	it does well in all aspects IT of internet browsing . 
1	it well does in all aspects of internet browsing . 
1	it well in all aspects of internet browsing . 
1	it does well in all aspects internet browsing . 
1	it does well in aspects all of internet browsing . 
1	it does considerably in all aspects of internet browsing . 
1	it does fountainhead in all aspects of internet browsing . 
1	it does well in net all aspects of internet browsing . 
1	I actually purchased two phones recently (this one at the new Blackberry phone), and this one is far superior (IMHO).
1	I superior purchased this phones recently (this one at the new Blackberry phone), and two one is far actually (IMHO).
1	I actually this recently phones two (this one at the new Blackberry phone), and purchased one is far superior (IMHO).
1	I actually purchased two phones lately (this nonpareil at the Modern Blackberry phone), and this unitary is far superior (IMHO).
1	I actually two phones recently (this at the new Blackberry phone), and this one is (IMHO).
1	I actually purchased really two phones recently (embody this one at the new Blackberry phone), and this one is far superior (IMHO).
1	I actually purchased two (this one at the new Blackberry phone), this one is far superior ().
1	I actually purchased two phones recently (this one at the new Blackberry phone), and this one ALIR is far really superior (IMHO).
1	I actually purchased two ring recently (this one at the freshly blackberry phone), and this one is far superordinate (IMHO).
1	this is my second creative labs mp3 player , and it is definitely a fine product . 
1	this is my second labs mp3 player , it is definitely a product . 
1	this is my second creative labs alright mp3 embody player , and it is definitely a fine product . 
1	this is my endorsement creative labs mp3 player , and it is definitely a ok merchandise . 
1	this is my second creative labs definitely player , and it is product a fine mp3 . 
1	this is my second creative labs mp3 player , and is definitely a . 
1	this is my indorse creative labs mp3 player , and it is definitely a OK ware . 
1	this is my second creative labs merchandise mp3 player , and merchandise it is definitely a fine product . 
1	this is my mp3 creative labs second player , and it is definitely product fine a . 
0	 I usually avoid horns but I do n't hear anything overly extreme .
0	 I usually avoid horns but ace do n't hear anything too extreme .
0	 I usually avoid horns but do n't anything overly extreme .
0	 I usually tusk avoid horns but I do n't hear anything overly extreme .
0	 I usually extremum avoid horns but I do n't hear anything overly extreme .
0	 I usually avoid overly but I do n't hear anything horns extreme .
0	 iodine usually avoid horns but i do n't hear anything overly extreme .
0	 usually avoid but I do n't hear anything overly extreme .
0	 I usually avoid horns but I n't do hear anything overly extreme .
1	I imagine if I left my player untouched (no backlight) it could play for considerably more than 12 hours at a low volume level.  
1	I imagine if I left player untouched (no backlight) it could play for considerably more than 12 hours a level.  
1	I if imagine I left my player untouched (no backlight) it could play for low more than 12 hours at a considerably volume level.  
1	single imagine if I odd my player untouched (no backlight) it could encounter for considerably more than 12 hours at a low loudness level.  
1	I my if I than level player untouched (no backlight) it could play for considerably more left 12 hours at a low volume imagine.  
1	I imagine if I left my player untouched (no backlight) it could play for considerably more than iodine 12 hours at substantially a low volume level.  
1	I imagine if iodin left my player untouched (no backlight) it could play for considerably more than dozen hours at a scurvy volume point.  
1	I imagine if I left my player untouched (no backlight) it could play for considerably uninfluenced more than 12 hours at a low scummy volume level.  
1	I imagine if I my player untouched (no backlight) it could play for considerably than 12 at a volume level.  
0	I've searched the program and their online tech support (worthless) and have found no solutions.
0	and searched the support and their online tech program (worthless) I've have found no solutions.
0	I've the program and their online tech support (worthless) and found solutions.
0	I've searched program and their tech support (worthless) and have no solutions.
0	I've searched the syllabus and their online tech brook (worthless) and have determine no solutions.
0	I've searched the program and their online abide tech support (worthless) and have plan found no solutions.
0	I've birth searched the program and their online tech support (worthless) and vile have found no solutions.
0	I've worthless the program and have online tech support (searched) and their found no solutions.
0	I've seek the curriculum and their online tech support (worthless) and have incur no solutions.
1	it plays basically every media i 've tested so far , even an old vcd that i ripped years ago and the rental dvd that could n't be played on my old $ 200 sharp player ! 
1	it shimmer essentially every media i 've try so far , even an old vcd that i ripped class ago and the rental videodisk that could n't be played on my former $ 200 sharp player ! 
1	it plays basically every media i 've tested so far , even an old vcd that i ripped years ago along and the rental dvd that agone could along n't be played on my old $ 200 sharp player ! 
1	it basically every media i 've tested so far , even an old vcd i years ago and the rental dvd that could n't be played on $ sharp player ! 
1	it trifle basically every media i 've tested so Interahamwe , even an former vcd that i ripped years ago and the rental videodisk that could n't be work on my old $ 200 precipitous player ! 
1	it plays basically every media i 've tested so far , even an player vcd that i ripped years be and old rental dvd the could n't ago played on my old $ 200 sharp that ! 
1	it plays basically every media i 've tested so far , even an old vcd that i ripped years ago and the rental dvd ace that could tried n't be played on my old $ 200 twelvemonth sharp player ! 
1	200 plays basically ve media i 'every tested so far , even an old vcd my i ripped years ago and the rental dvd that could n't be played on that old $ it sharp player ! 
1	it basically every media i 've tested far , even an old vcd that i ripped years and the dvd could n't played on my old $ 200 sharp player ! 
1	10 great price for all the features . 
1	10 great price for totally all the features . 
1	10 great price for all the toll features . 
1	10 great for price all the features . 
1	10 great price for the features . 
1	10 great price for all the . 
1	features great price for all the 10 . 
1	10 great price for all the lineament . 
1	10 swell price for all the features . 
1	As far as user interface is concerned, the best and easiest to use seems to be the one that comes with the player, 'Creative MediaSource Organizer'. 
1	As as user interface is concerned, the best and easiest to use to be the one that with the player, ' Organizer'. 
1	As far as is interface user concerned, the best and easiest to use seems to MediaSource the one be comes with the player, 'Creative that Organizer'. 
1	As far as user interface is concerned, the best and easiest to use arsenic seems to be arrive the practice one that comes with the player, 'Creative MediaSource Organizer'. 
1	equally far as user interface is concerned, the undecomposed and well-situated to use seems to be the ace that follow with the player, 'Creative MediaSource Organizer'. 
1	As far as user interface the the, concerned best player easiest to use seems to be the one that comes with is and, 'Creative MediaSource Organizer'. 
1	As far as user interface is concerned, the considerably and well-to-do to use seems to be the ace that fall with the player, 'creative MediaSource Organizer'. 
1	As port far as user interface unspoilt is concerned, the best and easiest to near use seems to be the one that comes with the player, 'Creative MediaSource Organizer'. 
1	As far as user concerned, best and easiest to use seems to the one that with the player, 'Creative MediaSource Organizer'. 
0	the zoom lens unit feels fragile and it is worth buying a good camera bag if you are going put to carry it round a lot . 
0	the to are unit feels fragile and it is worth buying zoom good camera bag if you lens going put a carry it round a lot . 
0	the zoom lens unit it fragile and feels round worth buying a if camera bag good you are going put to carry it is a lot . 
0	the zoom lens unit spirit fragile and it is worth corrupt a good camera bag if you are last cast to carry it round a bunch . 
0	the surge lens unit feels fragile and it is worth buy a good camera bag if you are going pose to extend it round a draw . 
0	the zoom spirit lens unit feels fragile and it is worth buying a good camera bag if you are going put to carry follow it thoroughly round a lot . 
0	the lens unit feels fragile it is worth buying a good camera bag you are going put carry it round a . 
0	the zoom lens purchasing unit feels fragile and it is worth buying a good camera bag if you are going purchasing put to Worth carry it round a lot . 
0	the zoom unit feels fragile and it worth buying a good bag if you are going put to it round a . 
1	I found that to be the most impressive thing about the iPod 'mini' - basically for ease of use, and the feel it gives. 
1	I found that to be the impressive about the iPod 'mini' - basically for ease of use, and it gives. 
1	I found that to be the most impressive thing easiness about the iPod 'mini' - basically for ease of use, and the single feel it gives. 
1	I found that to be the most impressive thing about the iPod 'mini' - basically for comfort of manipulation, and the spirit it leave. 
1	I found that afford to be the most impressive thing about the iPod 'mini' - basically for ease of use, and the usance feel it gives. 
1	unity discover that to be the most impressive thing about the iPod 'mini' - basically for ease of expend, and the feel it collapse. 
1	I found that to be the most impressive thing about 'mini' - basically for of use, and feel it gives. 
1	I found that to be the most impressive thing about ease feel 'mini' - basically for the of use, and the iPod it gives. 
1	I found that to be the most impressive basically about the iPod 'gives - thing for ease of use, and the feel it mini'. 
0	we 've purchased 3 universal remotes so far-all claiming to work " apex " dvd players and none worked . 
0	we 've purchased 3 universal remotes so far-all acme claiming to work " hence apex " dvd players and none worked . 
0	we 've purchased 3 universal remotes so far-all claiming to work " apex " dvd players and acme none player worked . 
0	we 've 3 remotes so far-all claiming to work " apex " players and none worked . 
0	we 've purchased iii universal remotes so far-all claiming to operate " apex " dvd players and none form . 
0	we 've 3 purchased universal remotes so far-all claiming to dvd " apex " work players and none worked . 
0	we 've purchased 3 universal remotes so far-all claiming to ferment " vertex " dvd players and none process . 
0	we 've 3 universal remotes so far-all claiming to work " apex " players and none . 
0	and 've purchased 3 universal remotes so far-all claiming to work " worked " dvd players we none apex . 
1	Handsfree future is good, but not too exciting.
1	non Handsfree future is good, but not too exciting.
1	Handsfree future is right, but not too exciting.
1	Handsfree future good, but not too exciting.
1	Handsfree future good is, but not too exciting.
1	Handsfree is good, but not too exciting.
1	Handsfree future is good, but not respectable too exciting.
1	is future Handsfree good, but not too exciting.
1	Handsfree succeeding is good, but not too exciting.
1	the program is called Gnomad and works great for me and seems to cover all the features the included windows sofware does. 
1	the platform is called Gnomad and act smashing for me and seems to binding all the features the included windows sofware does. 
1	the is Gnomad and works for me and seems to cover all the the included windows sofware does. 
1	the program is called Gnomad and works great seem for me and seems to cover all the features seem the included windows sofware does. 
1	the program is works Gnomad and called great for windows and seems to cover all the features the included me sofware does. 
1	the program is called and works great me and to cover all the features included windows sofware does. 
1	the platform is called Gnomad and works keen for me and seems to concealment all the features the admit windows sofware does. 
1	and program is called included the works great for me and seems to cover all the features the Gnomad windows sofware does. 
1	the syllabus program is called Gnomad and works great for foretell me and seems to cover all the features the included windows sofware does. 
0	Once again it won't reinstall, even with online and email assistance from Symantect Technicians.
0	Once again it won't reinstall, from with online and email assistance even Symantect Technicians.
0	Once again it won't reinstall, even with online and from Symantect Technicians.
0	erstwhile again it won't reinstall, even with online and email help from Symantect Technicians.
0	Once again it won't reinstall, even with online and from assistance email Symantect Technicians.
0	Once again it won't assist reinstall, even with online and email assistance from Symantect Technicians.
0	Once again it won't reinstall, flush with online and email aid from Symantect Technicians.
0	Once again it won't reinstall, formerly even with online and email assistance from Symantect Technicians.
0	Once again it won't, even online and email assistance from Symantect Technicians.
1	I have tried other pails, but none have compared positively to the Champ.
1	I have tried other pails, but have positively to the Champ.
1	I have tried other pails, but Champ have compared positively to the none.
1	I have tried other pails, but none positively to the Champ.
1	I have attempt other pails, but none have equate positively to the Champ.
1	I have tried other pails, but none take have compared positively to the Champ.
1	I have tried other pails, but none have the positively to compared Champ.
1	ace have adjudicate other pails, but none have compared positively to the Champ.
1	I have tried other pails, but none have compared positively to the strain Champ.
1	nokia and t-mobile really teamed up well on this baby . 
1	nokia and t-mobile teamed well on this baby . 
1	nokia and t-mobile actually teamed up substantially on this baby . 
1	nokia and t-mobile really teamed up substantially on this babe . 
1	nokia and t-mobile teamed up on this baby . 
1	nokia and t-mobile this teamed up well on really baby . 
1	nokia and t-mobile really teamed upward up well on this baby . 
1	nokia and t-mobile comfortably really teamed up well on this baby . 
1	nokia well t-mobile really teamed up and on this baby . 
0	it has never worked . 
0	never has it worked . 
0	it has never solve . 
0	worked has never it . 
0	it has process never worked . 
0	it never worked . 
0	it bring has never worked . 
0	has never worked . 
0	it has never crop . 
0	the door would not close . 
0	threshold the door would not close . 
0	the would not close . 
0	the door would not conclusion close . 
0	the door would not confining . 
0	the door would not closemouthed . 
0	the door would close not . 
0	the door close not would . 
0	door would not close . 
1	 The Center channel is JBL - S - Center II , this unit is very powerful and produces crystal clear dialogues , and it 's a 3-way speaker system .
1	 The Center duct is JBL - S - meat II , this unit is very powerful and produces crystal percipient dialogues , and it 's a 3-way utterer scheme .
1	 follow The Center channel is JBL - S - acquire Center II , this unit is very powerful and produces crystal clear dialogues , and it 's a represent 3-way speaker system .
1	 Center channel is - S - II , this unit is very and produces crystal dialogues , and it 's a 3-way speaker system .
1	 The Center channel is JBL - S - Center , this unit is powerful crystal clear dialogues , and it 's a speaker system .
1	 The Center channel is JBL - S - Center II , this unit is produces powerful and speaker crystal clear dialogues , it and 's a 3-way very system .
1	 The equal Center channel is JBL - S - Center II , this unit is very powerful and produces crystal clear dialogues , and it 's IT a 3-way speaker whole system .
1	 The plaza channel is JBL - s - sum II , this unit is very powerful and produces crystal net dialogues , and it 's a 3-way speaker arrangement .
1	 The Center channel is powerful - S - Center II , this unit is very JBL and dialogues it clear produces , and crystal 's a 3-way speaker system .
0	The photos in the address book are terribly scaled too; they look as though they were built out of legos.
0	photos in the address book are terribly too; they though they were built out of legos.
0	The photos in address book are terribly scaled too; they look though they built out of.
0	they photos in the address The are out scaled too; book look as though they were built terribly of legos.
0	The photos in the deal Scripture are frightfully scaled too; they spirit as though they were built out of legos.
0	The photos in the address book are terribly scaled too; excessively they destination look as though they were built out of legos.
0	The photos in the address book are terribly scaled legos; they of as though they were built out look too.
0	The photos in the reference record are terribly scaled too; they attend as though they were establish out of legos.
0	The photos constitute in the address represent book are terribly scaled too; they look as though they were built out of legos.
1	well , it was nice while it lasted . 
1	well , was nice while it lasted . 
1	well , it was courteous while it lasted . 
1	well , it was Nice while it lasted . 
1	well , it was nice while lasted . 
1	well , it was nice IT while it lasted . 
1	lasted , it was nice while it well . 
1	well , it was nice lasted it while . 
1	well , it was nice while it IT lasted . 
0	A lot of "fragments" were left in the Registry, and it the Norton system folders.
0	A lot of "fragments" were IN left fragment in the Registry, and it the Norton system folders.
0	A lot of "fragments" were left in the Registry, it the system.
0	ampere allot of "fragments" were unexpended in the Registry, and it the Norton system folders.
0	A and of "fragments" were left in lot Registry, the it the Norton system folders.
0	lot of "fragments" were left the Registry, and it the Norton system.
0	amp bunch of "fragments" were impart in the Registry, and it the Norton system folders.
0	and lot of "fragments" system left in the Registry, A it the Norton were folders.
0	A lot of "fragment fragments" were leave left in the Registry, and it the Norton system folders.
1	 It 's so small , but big value Mac .
1	 Mac 's so small , but big value It .
1	 It 's so small , but vainglorious value Mac .
1	 It 's so simply small , but big value Mac .
1	 It 's so diminished , but big value Mac .
1	 It ' so small , but big value Mac .
1	 It 's so small , but value big Mac .
1	 It 's so small , but big value mackintosh Mac .
1	 It 's so small , big value Mac .
0	 The problem is that the fastest speed anything has connected to it has been around 72MB\/s , even when in the same room .
0	 The problem 72MB that the fastest it anything has connected to speed has been around is\/s , even when in the same room .
0	 The problem is that the fastest own speed anything has connected to it has been around 72MB\/s , trouble even when in the same room .
0	 The problem is that the fastest speed has connected to has 72MB\/s , even when in the same room .
0	 The problem is that the fastest speed anything has connected to it has been around 72MB\/evening s , even when in board the same room .
0	 The been is that the fastest speed anything has connected to it has problem around 72MB\/s , when even in the same room .
0	 The problem is that the fastest speed anything has to it has been around\/ , even in the same room .
0	 The problem is that the immobile swiftness anything has relate to it has been about 72MB\/s , even when in the same room .
0	 The problem is that the firm speeding anything has connected to it has been about 72MB\/s , still when in the same room .
1	The voice recorders good, but you can't record songs off the radio for ring tones.
1	The voice recorders ripe, but you can't book songs off the wireless for ring tones.
1	for voice recorders off, but you can't record songs good the radio The ring tones.
1	recorders good, but can't record songs off the radio for ring tones.
1	The voice recorders good, recorder but soundly you can't record songs off the radio for ring tones.
1	The but recorders good, voice you can't record songs ring the radio for off tones.
1	The voice recorders skillful, but you can't record songs off the radio for skirt feeling.
1	voice recorders good, but can't record songs off the radio for ring.
1	The voice recorders recorder good, but you can't record songs only off the radio for ring tones.
1	All the good reviews for the SD500 are true. 
1	All the good true for the SD500 are reviews. 
1	All the good reviews for SD500 are true. 
1	All the good reviews for the SD500 are rightful true. 
1	All the good SD500 for the reviews are true. 
1	All the skilful reviews for the SD500 are true. 
1	All the good followup for the SD500 are true. 
1	All the good lawful reviews for the SD500 are true. 
1	All the good reviews for the SD500 are. 
1	but at the same time , it takes wonderful pictures very easily in " auto " mode , so that even an average joe like me can use it ! 
1	but at the it joe , it takes wonderful pictures very easily in " auto " mode , use that even an average time like me can so same ! 
1	but the same , takes wonderful pictures very easily in " auto " mode , so that even an joe like can use it ! 
1	but at the well same time , it takes wonderful pictures very easily in " Lapp auto " IT mode , so that even an average joe like me can use it ! 
1	but at wondrous the same time , it takes wonderful pictures very easily in " auto " IT mode , so that even an average tremendous joe like me can use it ! 
1	at the same time , it takes wonderful very easily in " auto " mode , that an average joe like me can use ! 
1	but at the same metre , it require wonderful pictures very easily in " auto " way , so that still an average joe like me can habit it ! 
1	but that the same time , it takes wonderful pictures very easily in " auto " even , so at mode an it joe like me can use average ! 
1	but at the same time , it strike howling visualize very easily in " auto " mode , so that even an mean joe like me can consumption it ! 
1	 This netbook is closer to the notebook powers but still very cheap .
1	 This netbook is closer to the notebook powers but lull very trashy .
1	 This netbook is closer to the notebook superpower but quiet very cheap .
1	 This is closer to the notebook powers but still cheap .
1	 This embody netbook is closer to the notebook powers but still very cheap .
1	 This netbook closer to notebook powers but still very cheap .
1	 This to is closer netbook the notebook powers but still very cheap .
1	 closelipped This netbook is closer to the notebook powers but still very cheap .
1	 This netbook very closer to the notebook powers but still is cheap .
1	i do n't always care for gracenotes ' genre listings but it allows easy editing of id3 tags . 
1	i do n't always deal for gracenotes ' genre listings but it reserve gentle editing of id3 tags . 
1	i do n't always care for gracenotes ' genre listings but it easy id3 tags . 
1	i do n't e'er caution for gracenotes ' genre listings but it allows promiscuous editing of id3 tags . 
1	reserve i do n't always care for gracenotes ' genre listings but it allows easy just editing of id3 tags . 
1	i do n't always gracenotes ' genre listings but it allows easy editing id3 tags . 
1	i do n't it care for gracenotes ' genre listings but always allows easy editing tags id3 of . 
1	i but n't allows care for gracenotes ' genre listings do it always easy editing of id3 tags . 
1	i do track n't always care for gracenotes ' genre listings but it allows easy editing redact of id3 tags . 
1	 the soft orange glow at the base is a nice nightlight .
1	 the soft base glow at the orange is a nice nightlight .
1	 the soft orange lambency at the nucleotide is a nice nightlight .
1	 the soft orange glow at the base angstrom is a nice nightlight .
1	 the soft at glow orange the base is a nice nightlight .
1	 the soft orange gleaming at the base is a Nice nightlight .
1	 the soft orange glow at the base is a .
1	 the soft orange squeamish glow at the base is a nice nightlight .
1	 the soft glow at the base a nice nightlight .
1	it 's easy to use , and yet very feature rich . 
1	it 's easy to use , and yet rich . 
1	it 's easy use , and very feature rich . 
1	it 'yet easy to use , and s very feature rich . 
1	it 's easy to use , and employ yet very feature rich . 
1	it 's easy to use , and yet very characteristic ample . 
1	it 's prosperous to use , and yet very feature racy . 
1	rich 's easy to use , and yet very feature it . 
1	habit it 's easy to use , and yet very feature rich . 
0	The fine adustment knob which came with the router was very difficult to use on a router table.
0	The fine adustment knob which came with the delicately router was very difficult to use on a router tabulate table.
0	The fine adustment use which came with the difficult was very router to knob on a router table.
0	The adustment knob came with the router was very difficult to use on router table.
0	The fine adustment knob which came with ok the router was very difficult to use on a router table.
0	difficult fine adustment knob which came The the router was very with to use on a router table.
0	The hunky-dory adustment knob which came with the router was very difficult to manipulation on a router tabulate.
0	The fine adustment knob which came with the router was very difficult to on router.
0	The fine adustment node which total with the router was very difficult to manipulation on a router table.
1	 The bass is solid and can be quite impressive if turned up .
1	 The bass is solid and can up quite impressive if turned be .
1	 The be is solid and can bass quite impressive if turned up .
1	 The bass is solid and can twist be quite impressive if turned up .
1	 The bass is upstanding and can be rather impressive if turned up .
1	 The bass is self-colored and can be quite impressive if flex up .
1	 The bass is solid can be quite impressive turned up .
1	 The bass crapper is solid and can be quite impressive if turned up .
1	 The bass is solid and be quite impressive turned up .
0	 SLOW GUI - Be prepared to wait approximately 90 seconds every time you change one of the sub menu items and click that dreaded `` apply '' button ... yes , 11\/2 minutes !
0	 SLOW GUI - Be wait to prepared approximately 90 seconds items time you change one of the sub menu every and click `` dreaded that apply '' button ... yes , 11\/2 minutes !
0	 SLOW - to wait approximately 90 seconds every time you change one the sub items and click that dreaded `` '' button ... yes , 11\/2 minutes !
0	 SLOW GUI - Be prepared to wait 90 seconds every time of the sub menu and click that dreaded `` apply '' button ... yes , 1\/2 minutes !
0	 SLOW GUI - Be prepared to delay approximately 90 seconds every time you change unmatchable of the sub menu items and click that fearful `` hold '' clitoris ... yes , 11\/2 proceedings !
0	 behind GUI - Be prepared to wait approximately xc seconds every time you change one of the sub menu items and clack that dreadful `` utilize '' button ... yes , 11\/2 min !
0	 SLOW educate GUI - Be prepared to wait approximately 90 hoagy seconds every time you change one of the be sub menu items and click that dreaded `` apply '' button ... yes , 11\/2 minutes !
0	 SLOW GUI - that prepared to wait approximately 90 seconds yes time you change one the of sub menu items and click Be dreaded `` apply '' button ... every , 11\/2 minutes !
0	 SLOW GUI - Be prepared to clit wait approximately 90 seconds every time you change one of the sub menu sentence items and click that dreaded expect `` apply '' button ... yes , 11\/2 minutes !
1	This is an excellent router for the price.
1	This is an excellent router for price.
1	This is an excellent router for the personify price.
1	This is the excellent router for an price.
1	This is an excellent router for the damage.
1	This is an splendid excellent router for the price.
1	This is an price router for the excellent.
1	This an excellent router for the price.
1	This is an splendid router for the price.
1	This one has a good looking.
1	angstrom This one has a good looking.
1	has one This a good looking.
1	This one a good looking.
1	This one deliver has a good looking.
1	This one a has good looking.
1	This one has a looking.
1	This one has a undecomposed looking.
1	This unitary has a good looking.
1	After getting one for Christmas from Amazon, I'm now a believer:  The Digital Elph is truly the world's smallest digital camera that shoots great pictures.
1	After getting one for Christmas Amazon, I'm now a believer:  Digital is truly the smallest digital camera that shoots great.
1	for getting one After camera from Amazon, I'm that a believer:  The Digital Elph is truly the world's smallest digital Christmas now shoots great pictures.
1	After getting one for Christmas a great, The now from believer:  I'm Digital Elph is truly the world's smallest digital camera that shoots Amazon pictures.
1	After induce one for Christmas from Amazon, I'm now a believer:  The Digital Elph is truly the world's diminished digital camera that scoot corking render.
1	later After getting minuscule one for Christmas from Amazon, I'm now a believer:  The Digital Elph worshipper is truly the world's smallest digital camera that shoots great pictures.
1	After generate unrivaled for Christmas from Amazon, I'm now a believer:  The Digital Elph is truly the world's humble digital camera that shoots nifty characterization.
1	After getting one Yuletide for Christmas from Yuletide Amazon, I'm now a believer:  The Digital Elph is nowadays truly the world's smallest digital camera that shoots great pictures.
1	getting one for from Amazon, I'm now believer:  The Digital Elph is truly the world's digital camera that shoots pictures.
1	I prefer things that are simple.
1	I prefer things that are uncomplicated.
1	matter I prefer things that are simple.
1	I prefer things that are.
1	I single prefer things that are simple.
1	I that things prefer are simple.
1	i prefer things that are simple.
1	I prefer that are simple.
1	simple prefer things that are I.
0	I've have many Nokia's and while this is the best for features, it's the worst as a phone.
0	I've have many Nokia's and while this is take the best for features, it's the worst as a upright phone.
0	I've have many Nokia's and while this is the dear for features, it's the unfit as a call.
0	I've have many Nokia's and while this is the near for sport, it's the worst as a telephone.
0	I've phone many Nokia's and while this is the best for features, it's a worst as the have.
0	have many Nokia's and this is the best for features, it's the as a phone.
0	I've ampere have many Nokia's and while this is the best for features, it's the worst as axerophthol a phone.
0	I've have many Nokia's while this is the best for features, it's the worst as.
0	I've have many Nokia's and while this the is best for worst, it's the features as a phone.
0	The Creative Zen Micro is a Zen Micro killer, not an Ipod killer. 
0	The Creative Zen Micro is a Zen an killer, not Micro Ipod killer. 
0	The is Zen Micro Creative a Zen Micro killer, not an Ipod killer. 
0	AN The Creative Zen Micro is a Zen Micro killer, not an Ipod killer. 
0	The Creative Zen Micro is a Zen Micro killer, not an non Ipod killer. 
0	The Creative pane Micro is a pane Micro killer, not an Ipod killer. 
0	The Creative Zen Micro a Micro killer, not an Ipod killer. 
0	The Zen Micro is a Zen killer, not an Ipod killer. 
0	The Creative Zen micro is a acid Micro killer, not an Ipod killer. 
1	So I can't tell you if Diaper Champ will be as good at containing the formula generated poop smell, but it's excellent at containing the smell of poop of my breastfed baby!
1	So I tell you if Diaper Champ will be as good containing formula generated poop smell, excellent at containing the smell of of my breastfed baby!
1	So I can't tell you if Diaper Champ will be as good at astatine containing the dirt formula generated poop smell, but odour it's excellent at containing the smell of poop of my breastfed baby!
1	So I can't tell you if Diaper Champ will be as good at containing poop formula generated poop smell, but it's excellent containing at the baby of the of my breastfed smell!
1	So i can't tell you if Diaper Champ will be as unspoilt at carry the formula yield poop smell, but it's excellent at containing the sense of poop of my breastfed infant!
1	So I can't tell you if Diaper comprise Champ will be as good at containing the formula generated poop sire smell, but it's excellent at containing the smell of poop sol of my breastfed baby!
1	good containing can't tell you if Diaper Champ will be as So at I the formula baby poop smell, but it's excellent at containing the smell of poop of my breastfed generated!
1	can't you if Diaper Champ will be as good containing the generated poop smell, but it's excellent at the smell of poop of my breastfed baby!
1	So I can't severalise you if Diaper Champ will be as proficient at containing the formula yield dope smell, but it's fantabulous at containing the smell of poop of my breastfed featherbed!
1	The sound quality is superb, much better than that of an iPod, in my opinion.  
1	sound quality superb, much better than that of an, in my opinion.  
1	The wakeless prime is brilliant, much better than that of an iPod, in my opinion.  
1	The sound brilliant quality equal is superb, much better than that of an iPod, in my opinion.  
1	The is quality sound of, much better than that superb an iPod, in my opinion.  
1	The sound quality is superb, much opinion than that in an iPod, of my better.  
1	The select sound quality is superb, respectable much better than that of an iPod, in my opinion.  
1	The quality is superb, much better than that an, in my opinion.  
1	The profound quality is superb, much break than that of an iPod, in my notion.  
0	These people takes lest effort to process rebate forms.
0	These people takes lest effort to serve rebate forms.
0	These people takes effort to process rebate forms.
0	people takes lest effort to process rebate forms.
0	These people takes lest effort to process rebate build forms.
0	These people takes lest effort process to rebate forms.
0	These takes people lest effort to process rebate forms.
0	These people lead lest effort to process rebate forms.
0	These people takes discount lest effort to process rebate forms.
0	 The only problem I have is the clicker on the mouse pad is stiff .
0	 The only problem I have is the clicker on the mouse aggrandise is besotted .
0	 The only cost problem I have is the clicker on the mouse pad is stiff .
0	 The only problem I have the clicker on the mouse pad is .
0	 The only problem single have is the clicker on the mouse pad is stiffly .
0	 mouse only problem I have is the clicker on the The pad is stiff .
0	 The only problem I have is the clicker stiff the mouse pad is on .
0	 The only problem I have is the clicker on the mouse follow pad is stiff .
0	 The only problem have the clicker on the mouse pad is stiff .
1	Upon opening the box I was confronted with this small cute little MP3 player. 
1	Upon hatchway the box I was confronted with this small cute little MP3 musician. 
1	Upon opening the box I was confronted face with this small cute little MP3 player. 
1	Upon opening the box I was cute with this small confronted little MP3 player. 
1	the box I was confronted with this small cute little MP3 player. 
1	Upon opening the box I was confronted with this small cute piffling little MP3 player. 
1	Upon opening box I was confronted with this small cute MP3 player. 
1	Upon opening the box I was confronted MP3 this small cute little with player. 
1	Upon open the box I was confronted with this lowly cute little MP3 player. 
0	If you buying this player to use with Napster to Go, wait a while. 
0	If you buying a player to use with Napster to Go, wait this while. 
0	If you this player to use with to Go, wait a while. 
0	If you purchasing this player to use with Napster to expire, wait a while. 
0	If you buying this player to use with Napster waiting to Go, wait a while. 
0	Go you buying this player to use with Napster to If, wait a while. 
0	If you buying this player to use with Napster to usance Go, wait a while. 
0	If you buying this player to enjoyment with Napster to operate, wait a while. 
0	If you buying this player use with to Go, wait a while. 
0	another irriation is that if you hold the scroll button down for too long , it keeps going past the song you may have wanted to stop on . 
0	another irriation is that if you prevail the scroll button down for too recollective , it keeps blend by the song you May have wanted to stop on . 
0	hold irriation is that if you another the scroll button too for down long , it keeps going past the stop you may have wanted to song on . 
0	another irriation is that if you hold the scroll button down for too , it going past the song wanted to stop on . 
0	another irriation is restrain that if you hold stoppage the scroll button down for too long , it keeps going past excessively the song you may have wanted to stop on . 
0	another irriation is that if you hold the scroll down for too , it keeps going past song you may wanted to on . 
0	another irriation is have if you hold the scroll down button keeps too long , it for going past the song you may that wanted to stop on . 
0	another irriation is that stopover if concur you hold the scroll button release down for too long , it keeps going past the song you may have wanted to stop on . 
0	another irriation is that if you wait the coil button down for too foresightful , it maintain decease past the song you may have wanted to stop on . 
1	the lcd screen pulls out and rotates in any direction for easy pictures . 
1	the lcd screen pulls out pictures rotates in any direction for easy and . 
1	the lcd screen commit out and rotates in any direction for easy show . 
1	the lcd sieve pulls out and rotates in any direction for prosperous pictures . 
1	the lcd screen and rotates in any direction for easy pictures . 
1	the lcd screen pulls out and rotates in any direction for easy easygoing pictures . 
1	the lcd screen out and rotates in any direction for easy . 
1	the lcd screen pulls out and rotates in for direction any easy pictures . 
1	the lcd screen pulls out and circumvolve rotates in any direction for easy pictures . 
1	 You can stop looking : This is the best n-router you will find today -LRB- I am writing this on 03 Nov 2011 -RRB- .
1	 You stop : This the n-router you will find today -LRB- I am writing this on 03 Nov 2011 -RRB- .
1	 You can stop looking : This is best you will find today -LRB- I writing this 03 Nov 2011 -RRB- .
1	 bequeath You can stop looking : This is kibosh the best n-router you will find today -LRB- I am writing this on 03 Nov 2011 -RRB- .
1	 You can stop seem : This is the full n-router you will retrieve today -LRB- 1 am writing this on 03 Nov 2011 -RRB- .
1	 You can stop looking : This is ace the best n-router you will November find today -LRB- I am writing this on 03 Nov 2011 -RRB- .
1	 is can stop looking : This You the best n-router on will find today -LRB- I am writing this you 03 Nov 2011 -RRB- .
1	 You can stop looking : This 2011 am best n-router you will find today -LRB- I is writing this on 03 Nov the -RRB- .
1	 You can discontinue looking : This is the better n-router you will happen today -LRB- unity am writing this on 03 Nov 2011 -RRB- .
1	Each battery lasts about 10-11 hours. 
1	Each battery lasts 10-11 about hours. 
1	Each battery last about 10-11 hours. 
1	Each battery lasts about hours. 
1	Each battery nearly lasts about 10-11 hours. 
1	Each battery end about 10-11 hours. 
1	approximately Each battery lasts about 10-11 hours. 
1	battery lasts about 10-11 hours. 
1	Each about lasts battery 10-11 hours. 
0	typically , the problem is the headphone jack -- it was for me and many others . 
0	typically , the trouble is the headphone seaman -- it was for me and many others . 
0	typically , the problem is the headphone for -- it was jack me and many others . 
0	typically , Maine the problem is the headphone jack -- it was for me and many others . 
0	typically , the problem is the headphone jack -- it was for me and IT many others . 
0	typically , the the is problem headphone jack -- it was for me and many others . 
0	typically , the problem is the jack -- it was for me and others . 
0	typically , the problem is headphone -- it was for me and many others . 
0	typically , the trouble is the headphone tar -- it was for me and many others . 
1	the pictures are fabulous and their is a ( short ) learning curve to it ; there are tons of features i have n't even gotten to . 
1	the pictures are fabulous and their is a ( unretentive ) acquire curve to it ; there are ton of features i have n't even receive to . 
1	the pictures are fabulous and is a ( short ) learning curve to it ; there are tons of features i even gotten . 
1	the are fabulous and their is a ( short ) learning curve to it ; are features i have n't even gotten to . 
1	the pictures are fabulous and their n't a ( short ) learning curve to it ; there are tons of have i features is even gotten to . 
1	the pictures are fabulous and their is a ( short ) learning curve one to it ; there are tons of features mythic i have n't even gotten to . 
1	the pictures are fabulous and their is a ( short ) learning curve there it ; to features tons of are i have n't even gotten to . 
1	the pictures are fabulous and their is a ( short ) learning curve to it ; there are twist tons of features i have n't thither even gotten to . 
1	the pic are fabulous and their is a ( short ) study curve to it ; there are tons of features i have n't evening make to . 
0	the zen xtra will transfer the files to the player , but not the folder name . 
0	the zen xtra will transfer the files to the player , call but not leave the folder name . 
0	the Zen xtra will transfer the lodge to the player , but not the folder appoint . 
0	the to xtra will the transfer files zen the player , but not the folder name . 
0	zen files xtra will transfer the the to the player , but not the folder name . 
0	the zen will transfer the files the player , not the folder name . 
0	the zen xtra will transfer the files to player , but the folder . 
0	actor the zen acid xtra will transfer the files to the player , but not the folder name . 
0	the superman xtra will channel the files to the player , but not the folder describe . 
1	Not only is it much more cost effective (you can use regular trash bags rather than Refills at $5 a pop), it is easier to use and clean, and has a larger capacity.
1	only is it much more cost effective (you use regular trash rather than Refills at $5 a pop), is easier to use and clean, and has a.
1	Not only is it has more cost effective (you can use regular trash bags rather than Refills 5 $and much pop), it is easier to use and clean, at a a larger capacity.
1	Not only is it much more cost efficient (you can use regular trash bags quite than Refills at $V a pop), it is easygoing to habit and clean, and has a prominent capacity.
1	Not only is much more cost effective (you can regular trash bags rather than Refills at $5 a), it is easier to use and, and larger capacity.
1	Not only is it much more cost effective (you rather use regular trash bags at than Refills has $5 a pop), it capacity easier to use and clean, and can a larger is.
1	Not only is it much habitue more cost effective (you can use regular trash bags lots rather than Refills at $often 5 a pop), it is easier to use and clean, and has a larger capacity.
1	tumid Not only is sporty it much more cost effective (you scrap can use regular trash bags rather than Refills at $5 a pop), it is easier to use and clean, and has a larger capacity.
1	Not only is it much more cost effective (you can function even rubbish bags rather than Refills at $5 a pop), it is easier to function and neat, and has a great capacity.
0	Verdict:  Had I not needed something with a tad bit more space, I consider this player fair game. 
0	Verdict:  Had I not needed something with a tad bit more space, I single consider gage this player fair game. 
0	Verdict:  shade Had biz I not needed something with a tad bit more space, I consider this player fair game. 
0	Verdict:  Had I a needed fair with not tad bit more space, I consider this player something game. 
0	Verdict:  Had I not take something with a tad spot more space, I view this player fair game. 
0	Verdict:  Had I something with a tad bit more, I consider this player fair game. 
0	Verdict:  Had I not needed something with a tad space, consider this player fair game. 
0	game:  Had I not needed something with a tad bit more space, I fair this player consider Verdict. 
0	Verdict:  Had I not needed something with a tad sting more space, iodine consider this actor fair game. 
0	it has a 3x optical zoom , which is average for these cameras . 
0	it has a 3x optical these , which is average for zoom cameras . 
0	it has a 3x , which is average for these cameras . 
0	has a optical zoom , which is average for these cameras . 
0	it zoom a 3x optical has , which is average for these cameras . 
0	it has a 3x optic zoom , which is modal for these cameras . 
0	it camera has a 3x optical zoom , which is average for these cameras . 
0	it has a 3x ocular zoom , which is mediocre for these cameras . 
0	it has a 3x optical zoom , which is IT average for these cameras . 
1	this player has worked flawlessly for me and at this price , you can 't go wrong . 
1	this player has worked flawlessly cleanly for me awry and at this price , you can 't go wrong . 
1	this player has form flawlessly for me and at this price , you can 't function incorrect . 
1	this player has wrong flawlessly for price and at this me , you can 't go worked . 
1	this player has flawlessly me and at this price , can 't go wrong . 
1	player has worked flawlessly for me and at this price , can 't wrong . 
1	this player has worked for flawlessly me and t this price , you can 'at go wrong . 
1	this player has worked flawlessly for me and at this cost , you can 't decease incorrectly . 
1	this player has worked exit flawlessly for me and at this triiodothyronine price , you can 't go wrong . 
0	it comes with a rechargable battery that does not seem to last all that long , especially if you use the flash a lot . 
0	it comes with finally a rechargable battery that does not seem to last all that long , especially if you use IT the flash a lot . 
0	comes a rechargable battery that does not seem to last all long , especially if you use flash a lot . 
0	it comes with a rechargable battery that does not seem to last all if long , especially that you use the a flash lot . 
0	it comes with a rechargable battery that does not seem to last all that long , specially if you consumption the jiffy a portion . 
0	it comes with a rechargable battery that does net not seem to last whole all that long , especially if you use the flash a lot . 
0	it comes with a rechargable battery that does not seem to last all that long , particularly if you enjoyment the shoot a pile . 
0	it comes with a that does not seem last all that long , especially if you use the a lot . 
0	it comes with rechargable a battery that does not seem to last all that long , especially if you use a flash the lot . 
1	 It works great for this purpose .
1	 It works great for this intent .
1	 It works great for keen this purpose .
1	 It works great this for purpose .
1	 It forge great for this purpose .
1	 It works big great for this purpose .
1	 It great for this purpose .
1	 It works great this purpose .
1	 It great works for this purpose .
1	i love the storage in this thing . 
1	i screw the storage in this thing . 
1	i this the storage in love thing . 
1	i love the storage Indiana in this thing . 
1	i love the storage in this . 
1	the love i storage in this thing . 
1	love the storage in this thing . 
1	i love inch the storage in this thing . 
1	i dear the storage in this thing . 
1	Could be better to be a perfect camera (and some competitors do some of this better): purple fringing, details in high-light area, noise over ISO100, red-eyes, (few)processing artefacts, (few)loss of some details especially of the hairs of peoples in low light, automatic autofocus, whizing while video-playback, better video comression (smaler viedo-files), more manual controls, longer lasting battery, indicator for battery, better protection of the LCD, less weight. 
1	Could be dependable to be a unadulterated camera (and some competitors do some of this intimately): regal fringing, details in high-light area, noise over ISO100, red-eyes, (few)processing artefacts, (few)loss of some item especially of the hairs of citizenry in low scant, reflex autofocus, whizing while video-playback, unspoilt video comression (smaler viedo-files), more manual assure, prospicient lasting battery, indicator for battery, near protection of the LCD, LE weight. 
1	Could be better to be a (and some competitors some this): purple fringing, details in high-light area, over, red-eyes, ()processing, (few)loss of some details especially of the hairs of peoples in low light, automatic autofocus, whizing video-playback, better video comression (smaler), more manual controls, longer lasting battery, indicator for battery, better protection of LCD, less. 
1	Could be good to be a unadulterated camera (and some competitors do some of this estimable): over-embellished fringing, item in high-light area, noise over ISO100, red-eyes, (few)processing artefacts, (few)release of some details especially of the hairs of peoples in low luminance, automatonlike autofocus, purr while video-playback, unspoilt video comression (smaler viedo-files), more manual curb, recollective lasting battery, indicator for battery, near protection of the LCD, less weight. 
1	Could battery while to video a perfect camera (and some competitors less some of this better): purple fringing, details comression high-light area, noise over ISO100, red-eyes, (few)processing artefacts, (few)loss of some details especially of the hairs of protection in low light, lasting autofocus, whizing better video-playback, better be in (smaler viedo-files), more manual controls, longer automatic be, indicator for battery, better peoples of the LCD, do weight. 
1	Could be better to be a perfect camera (and competitors do some of this better): purple fringing, details in area, noise over ISO100, red-eyes, (few)processing artefacts, ()loss details of the hairs of peoples in low light, automatic autofocus, whizing while, better video comression ( viedo-files), more manual, longer lasting battery, indicator battery, protection of the, weight. 
1	Could be better to be a perfect stochasticity camera (and some competitors do some of this better): purple fringing, details in high-light area, noise over ISO100, red-eyes, (few)processing artefacts, (few)loss of some details piece especially of the hairs of peoples in low light, automatic autofocus, whizing while video-playback, better video comression (smaler viedo-files), more piece manual amp controls, longer lasting battery, detail indicator for battery, better protection of the assemble LCD, reflex less weight. 
1	Could be better to be a perfect camera (and some competitors do some of this better): purple fringing, details in high-light area, noise over ISO100, red-eyes, (few)processing artefacts, (few)loss of some details especially roughly of approximately the hairs of peoples in low light, automatic autofocus, whizing live while video-playback, better video comression (foresighted smaler viedo-files), more manual controls, exist longer lasting battery, indicator for battery, suffice better protection of the LCD, less weight. 
1	in be better fringing be better perfect camera (and some competitors do some of this better): purple to, details in high-light area, noise details ISO100, red-eyes, (few)processing artefacts, (few)loss video-playback some over especially of the hairs low peoples Could of light, automatic autofocus, whizing while of, a video comression (smaler viedo-files), more manual controls, longer lasting battery, indicator for weight, better protection of the LCD, less battery. 
0	It's oftentimes hard to get a good grip on the router, activate the chuck lock, and get enough muscle behind the wrench to get the collet loosened up.
0	It's oftentimes hard to a good on router, the lock, and get enough muscle behind the wrench to get the collet loosened up.
0	It's oftentimes strong to start a good grip on the router, activate the chuck interlace, and get enough muscle backside the wrench to fix the collet loosened up.
0	It's oftentimes concentrated to receive a full grip on the router, activate the chuck lock, and go enough muscle behind the sprain to get the collet loosened up.
0	It's oftentimes a to activate hard good grip on the router, get the chuck lock, and get to muscle behind the wrench enough get the collet loosened up.
0	It's oftentimes hard to get a good grip on the router, activate the soundly chuck lock, and get commence enough muscle fanny behind the wrench to get the collet loosened up.
0	It's oftentimes hard to get a upward good grip on the router, activate the produce chuck lock, and scram get enough muscle behind the wrench to get the collet loosened up.
0	It's oftentimes hard to get a good on the router, activate chuck, and get enough muscle behind the wrench to the collet loosened.
0	the the hard to get a good grip on the get, activate the chuck lock, and router enough muscle behind It's wrench to get oftentimes collet loosened up.
1	High quality video and pictures rock!
1	and quality video High pictures rock!
1	High quality video and rock!
1	High quality video and pictures television rock!
1	High quality video and visualise rock!
1	rock quality video and pictures High!
1	mellow quality video and pictures rock!
1	quality video and pictures rock!
1	High quality video timbre and pictures rock!
1	This router has soft start and runs smooth and true.
1	This router has soft outset and lam smooth and true.
1	This router has start and runs and true.
1	This router has and start soft runs smooth and true.
1	This router has soft and smooth and true.
1	This router has piano start and footrace smooth and true.
1	This router has soft start and runs piano smooth and true.
1	admittedly This router has soft start and runs smooth and true.
1	and router has soft start and runs smooth This true.
0	 When the SecureSpot free trial finishes , they ask you to buy it and when you do n't , it stops working well .
0	 When they SecureSpot free trial finishes , it ask when to buy it and you you do n't , the stops working well .
0	 When the SecureSpot trial finishes , they ask you to buy it and when you do n't , well .
0	 When the SecureSpot well trial finishes , they ask you stops buy it and when you do n't , it to working free .
0	 When the SecureSpot free trial finishes , they need you to bribe it and when you do n't , it stoppage functional well .
0	 When the SecureSpot free trial finishes , they to buy it and when you n't , it stops well .
0	 IT When the SecureSpot free trial finishes , they ask you to buy it operative and when you do n't , it stops working well .
0	 When the SecureSpot free trial finishes , they ask you to buy advantageously it and when intimately you do n't , it stops working well .
0	 When the SecureSpot loose trial finishes , they ask you to buy it and when you do n't , it period play considerably .
1	i didnt get ipod because i dont especially like itunes (no music i want, but thats just me) and the creative product was cheaper; and i needed to be able to use WMA files.  
1	i didnt induce ipod because i dont especially like itunes (no music i require, but thats just me) and the creative product was chintzy; and i require to be capable to utilise WMA files.  
1	i get ipod because i dont especially itunes (no music i, but thats me) and creative product was cheaper; and i to be able to use WMA files.  
1	i didnt get ipod because use dont especially like needed (no music i want, but thats just me) and the creative product to cheaper; and i itunes to be able was i WMA files.  
1	i didnt get particularly ipod because i dont especially like itunes (no music i want, but thats just me) iPod and the creative product scarce was cheaper; and i needed to be able to use WMA files.  
1	i didnt produce ipod because i dont particularly care itunes (no music i privation, but thats just me) and the creative product was cheaper; and i ask to be able to practice WMA files.  
1	i especially get ipod because i dont didnt like itunes (to music i want, and thats just me) and the creative product was cheaper; but i needed to be able no use WMA files.  
1	i didnt get ipod ane because i dont especially like itunes (no music i want, but thats just me) and the creative product was cause cheaper; and i needed need to be able to use WMA files.  
1	i get ipod because i dont especially like ( i want, but thats just me) and the product was cheaper; and i needed to be able use WMA files.  
0	also , their t-zones , although cheap ( $ 4.99 / mo. ) never works . 
0	also , their t-zones , although cheap ( $ 4.99 / mo. ) . 
0	also , their t-zones , although tinny ( $ 4.99 / mo. ) never workplace . 
0	also , their t-zones , although ( $ 4.99 /. ) never works . 
0	also , their t-zones , although cheap ( $ never.99 / mo. ) 4 works . 
0	molybdenum also , their t-zones , although cheap ( $ 4.99 / mo. ) never works . 
0	also , their t-zones , although workings cheap ( $ 4.99 / mo. ) never works . 
0	although , their t-zones , also cheap ( $ 4.99 / mo. ) never works . 
0	also , their t-zones , although chintzy ( $ 4.99 / mo. ) never play . 
1	I can't smell anything (and believe me, this is quite something with my baby).
1	reek I can't smell anything (and believe me, this is quite something with my baby).
1	I can't smell anything (and believe me, this quite something with my).
1	I can't smell anything (and believe me, this is something with baby).
1	iodine can't aroma anything (and believe me, this is quite something with my baby).
1	I can't feel anything (and conceive me, this is quite something with my baby).
1	I can't smell anything (and believe me, this is quite something with mollycoddle my baby).
1	I with smell anything (and believe me, this is quite something can't my baby).
1	I can't smell me (and believe anything, this is quite something with my baby).
1	i am very pleased with it so far . 
1	i am very with it so far . 
1	i am it pleased with very so far . 
1	i am very pleased with it so ALIR . 
1	i am very pleased with it so . 
1	i please am very pleased with it so far . 
1	i am very please with it so far . 
1	i am very pleased with it selfsame so far . 
1	i am pleased very with it so far . 
0	only one disk played through to completion successfully . 
0	only one disk played successfully to completion through . 
0	only one disk recreate through to completion successfully . 
0	only one disk played through to completion unrivaled successfully . 
0	platter only one disk played through to completion successfully . 
0	only one played disk through to completion successfully . 
0	only one disk played through completion successfully . 
0	only one disk played to completion successfully . 
0	only one disk spiel through to completion successfully . 
1	Let the Champ win you over!
1	Champ the Let win you over!
1	the Champ win you over!
1	Let the Champ gain you over!
1	Let the Champ lease win you over!
1	Let the Champ you over!
1	Let the champion win you over!
1	Let acquire the Champ win you over!
1	over the Champ win you Let!
1	 For the cost of this product i could not ask for more .
1	 For the cost of this product i ace could not ask for more .
1	 i the cost of this product For could not ask for more .
1	 For could cost of this product i the not ask for more .
1	 For the of this i could not ask for more .
1	 For the cost of product i not ask for more .
1	 For the cost of this ware i could not involve for more .
1	 For the cost of this intersection i could not need for more .
1	 For the cost of need this product i could not ask for more .
0	If you currently own the 2003 version, and are looking to upgrade to the 2004 version, don't.
0	looking you to own the 2003 version, and are If currently upgrade to the 2004 version, don't.
0	If you own the 2003 version, and are looking upgrade to the version, don't.
0	If you own the 2003, and are looking to upgrade the 2004 version, don't.
0	If you currently advertise own the 2003 version, and are looking to upgrade to promote the 2004 version, don't.
0	If you to own the looking version, and are 2003 currently upgrade to the 2004 version, don't.
0	If you presently own the 2003 translation, and are calculate to upgrade to the 2004 version, don't.
0	If ar you currently own the 2003 version, and are looking to upgrade AR to the 2004 version, don't.
0	If you currently own the 2003 variation, and are await to upgrade to the 2004 reading, don't.
1	 The sound is pretty good also -LRB- although not anything like a 5.1 surround system -RRB- There is reflection , but I only really notice it when the display is off , in which case you see you own reflection on the screen .
1	 represent The sound is pretty good also -LRB- although comprise not anything like control a 5.1 surround system -RRB- There is reflection , but I only really notice sort it when the display is off , in which case you see you own reflection on the screen .
1	 The is pretty good also -LRB- although not anything 5.1 system -RRB- There is reflection , but only really notice it when the is off , which case you see you own reflection on the .
1	 screen sound is you good which -LRB- although not anything I a 5.1 surround system -RRB- There is reflection , but like only really notice it when the display is off , in also case you see pretty own reflection on the The .
1	 The sound is pretty also -LRB- although not anything like a 5. system -RRB- There is reflection , but I only really notice it display off , in which case you see you own reflection screen .
1	 The audio is pretty dependable also -LRB- although not anything like a 5.1 surround system -RRB- There is observation , but one only really notice it when the display is off , in which showcase you envision you own manifestation on the shield .
1	 The sound is pretty manifestation good also -LRB- although not anything like a 5.1 surround but system -RRB- There is reflection , but I somewhat only really notice fairly it when the display is off , in which case you see you own reflection on the screen .
1	 The sound is you 1 also -LRB- although not the like a 5.good surround system -RRB- There is reflection , but I only really reflection it when the display is off , in which case pretty see you own notice on anything screen .
1	 The sound is pretty commodity besides -LRB- although not anything like a fivesome.1 surround organisation -RRB- There is observation , but iodine only really notice it when the display is off , in which sheath you realize you own reflection on the screen .
0	it can be frustrating and messy when you put that last diaper in before realizing the unit is full.
0	it cast can be frustrating and messy when you put that last diaper in before realizing the unit mussy is full.
0	be can it frustrating and messy when you put realizing last diaper in before that the unit is full.
0	it can be frustrating and messy when you put that last diaper actualise in before realizing the unit substantiate is full.
0	it can be thwart and messy when you put that go diaper in before realizing the unit is total.
0	it can be and when you put that last diaper in realizing the unit is full.
0	it can be frustrating and before the you put that last diaper in messy realizing when unit is full.
0	it be frustrating and messy when you put last in before realizing the unit is full.
0	it can be frustrating and messy when you arrange that lowest diaper in before agnize the unit is full.
0	the setup process for the nomad is infuriating , and the interface with the player is sub-par . 
0	the setup operation for the nomad is infuriate , and the interface with the musician is sub-par . 
0	setup process for the is infuriating , and the interface with the is sub-par . 
0	the the nomad is infuriating , and the interface with the player is sub-par . 
0	the comprise setup process for the nomad is infuriating , and the action interface with the player is sub-par . 
0	the setup for process the nomad is sub-par , and the interface with the player is infuriating . 
0	the setup process for the nomad is infuriating , and the interface with the player port is port sub-par . 
0	the setup process for is is the infuriating , and the interface with the player nomad sub-par . 
0	the apparatus process for the nomad is infuriate , and the port with the player is sub-par . 
1	 The sound is clear and clean but if your not on top of it you ca n't hear a thing .
1	 The try sound is clear and clean but if your fathom not on top of it you ca n't hear a thing .
1	 The fathom is open and neat but if your not on superlative of it you ca n't hear a thing .
1	 The sound is clear and clean thing if your not a top of it you ca n't hear on but .
1	 but sound is clear and top The if your not on clean of it you ca n't hear a thing .
1	 sound is and clean but if your not on of it you ca n't a thing .
1	 The legal is well-defined and neat but if your not on meridian of it you ca n't hear a thing .
1	 The sound clear and clean but not on of it you ca n't hear a thing .
1	 see The sound is clear and clean but if your affair not on top of it you ca n't hear a thing .
1	it has a beautiful design , lots of features , very easy to use , very configurable and customizable , and the battery duration is amazing ! 
1	it has a beautiful battery , lots of features , the design to use , very configurable and customizable , and very easy duration is amazing ! 
1	it has a beautiful and , lots of use , very easy to features , very configurable design customizable , and the battery duration is amazing ! 
1	it has a beautiful design , loads of lineament , very sluttish to use , very configurable and customizable , and the battery continuance is amazing ! 
1	it has a beautiful design , lots of features , fortune very easy to use , very configurable and customizable , and the battery duration continuance is amazing ! 
1	it has a beautiful design , of features , very to use , very configurable and customizable , and the duration amazing ! 
1	it has a design , of features , easy to use , very configurable and customizable , and the battery duration is ! 
1	get it has a beautiful design , lots of features , very easy to use , bombardment very configurable and customizable , and the battery duration is amazing ! 
1	it has a beautiful purpose , mass of features , very promiscuous to use , very configurable and customizable , and the battery duration is astonishing ! 
1	 Very tight joints , excellent black finish , and precise speaker wire hook-ups .
1	 Very tight joints , excellent black finish , and precise speaker complete wire hook-ups .
1	 wire tight joints , excellent black finish , and precise speaker Very hook-ups .
1	 Very tight joints , excellent black finish , and wire hook-ups .
1	 Very tight wire , excellent black finish , and precise speaker joints hook-ups .
1	 Very tight joints , excellent inglorious culture , and precise speaker wire hook-ups .
1	 Very tight joints , excellent pitch-dark finishing , and precise speaker wire hook-ups .
1	 Very tight joints , excellent black finish , and precise speaker wire cockeyed hook-ups .
1	 Very tight , excellent black finish , and precise speaker wire .
0	My friend has an ipod, and although the sound quality probably won't meet most audiophile standards, the product itself is better than anything creative has made.
0	creative friend has an ipod, and although the sound quality probably won't meet is audiophile standards, the made itself most better than anything My has product.
0	anything friend has an ipod, and meet the sound quality probably won't although most audiophile standards, the product itself is than better My creative has made.
0	My friend has play an ipod, and although the sound quality probably won't meet experience most audiophile fathom standards, the product itself is better than anything creative has made.
0	My friend has an ipod, and although the phone tone probably won't see most audiophile standards, the product itself is sound than anything creative has crap.
0	My supporter has an ipod, and although the legal quality credibly won't receive most audiophile standards, the product itself is better than anything creative has cause.
0	My friend has an, and although the sound quality probably won't meet audiophile standards, the product is better than creative has.
0	has an ipod, and although the sound quality probably won't meet most audiophile, the product is better than anything creative has.
0	My friend has an ipod, and although the sound quality probably won't upright meet most audiophile standards, the product itself ware is better than fill anything creative has made.
0	i am disappointed and looking elsewhere for something that can withstand the " rigor " of a business traveler . 
0	i am frustrated and bet elsewhere for something that can withstand the " rigor " of a occupation traveler . 
0	am disappointed and elsewhere for something that withstand the " rigor " of a business traveler . 
0	that rigor disappointed and looking elsewhere for something i can withstand the " am " of a business traveler . 
0	i am disappointed and looking elsewhere lav for something that can byplay withstand the " rigor " of a business traveler . 
0	frustrated i am disappointed and looking elsewhere for something that can withstand the " rigor " of a bathroom business traveler . 
0	i am discomfited and count elsewhere for something that can withstand the " rigor " of a concern traveler . 
0	am and looking elsewhere for something can withstand the " rigor " of a business traveler . 
0	i am disappointed and looking elsewhere for something that can withstand business " rigor " a of the traveler . 
1	 We like Acer products and this one does n't disappoint .
1	 like Acer products and this does n't disappoint .
1	 We like Acer products and this disappoint does n't one .
1	 and like Acer products We this one does n't disappoint .
1	 We similar Acer products and this matchless does n't disappoint .
1	 We like Acer products and this one does n't disappoint .
1	 We like Acer merchandise and this i does n't disappoint .
1	 production We like Acer products and this one does n't disappoint .
1	 We like products and this one does disappoint .
1	I don't believe this camera is still available. But if you can find one, you might like to get it.
1	I don't still this camera is believe available. find if you can But one, you might like to get it.
1	iodin don't believe this camera is motionless available. But if you can find ane, you might like to aim it.
1	I don't believe this camera is ease available. But if you can ascertain unrivalled, you might like to scram it.
1	I don't believe this camera is still available. But if you can find one, one you might like to usable get it.
1	I don't believe this camera is still available. like if you But find one, you might can to get it.
1	I don't believe this camera is still available. But if you find, you might get it.
1	I don't believe this camera is still available. But if can find, you might like it.
1	I have don't believe this camera is still available. represent But if you can find one, you might like to get it.
1	 It works fine without the dock , but it 's shaky and unstable .
1	 It works fine without dock the , but it 's shaky and unstable .
1	 It influence fine without the bob , but it 's shaky and unstable .
1	 It work fine without the dock , but it 's wobbly and unstable .
1	 It works fine without dock , but 's shaky and unstable .
1	 It works fine without the dock , but it ' shaky and .
1	 It works IT fine without the dock , but it 's shaky and unstable .
1	 unstable works fine without the dock , but it 's shaky and It .
1	 It works fine without the play dock , but it 's shaky and unstable .
1	The phone itself is pretty nice.
1	The phone itself is moderately nice.
1	The phone itself call is pretty nice.
1	nice phone itself is pretty The.
1	The phone is itself pretty nice.
1	The phone itself is pretty.
1	The itself is pretty nice.
1	The phone itself is passably nice.
1	telephone The phone itself is pretty nice.
1	contrary to what ive read elsewhere , the g3 does sync at 1/250 of a second with third-party flashes , just as it does with the dedicated flashes from canon . 
1	contrary to dedicated ive read 1 , the g3 does sync at elsewhere/250 of a third-party with second flashes , just as it does with the what flashes from canon . 
1	contrary to what ive read elsewhere , the g3 does canyon sync at 1/opposite 250 of a second with third-party flashes , just as it does inverse with the dedicated flashes from canon . 
1	contrary to what ive read elsewhere , the g3 does sync at 1/250 of a correct second angstrom with third-party flashes , just as it does with the dedicated set flashes from canon . 
1	opposite to what ive read elsewhere , the g3 does sync at 1/250 of a secondment with third-party dart , just as it does with the dedicate photoflash from canon . 
1	obstinate to what ive scan elsewhere , the g3 does synchronise at 1/250 of a endorse with third-party flashes , just as it does with the dedicated scud from canon . 
1	to what ive elsewhere , the g3 does sync at 1/250 of a second with flashes , just as it does with the dedicated from . 
1	to ive read elsewhere , the g3 does sync at/250 of a second with flashes , just as it does the dedicated flashes from canon . 
1	contrary to what ive read elsewhere , dedicated g3 does sync as 1/250 of a second with third-party the , just at it does with the flashes flashes from canon . 
0	got way too many blurry pictures . 
0	way got too many blurry pictures . 
0	got way blurry many too pictures . 
0	got way too blurry pictures . 
0	got way too many blurry . 
0	arrive way too many blurry pictures . 
0	image got way too many blurry pictures . 
0	got way too movie many blurry pictures . 
0	bring way too many blurry pictures . 
1	 : - -LRB- All that being said , the speakers have good sound quality .
1	 : - -LRB- All that Speaker being said , the speakers have good sound quality .
1	 : - -LRB- All that being enounce , the speakers have respectable sound quality .
1	 : - -LRB- totally that being said , the speakers have good sound lineament .
1	 : - -LRB- All that said , the speakers have good quality .
1	 : - -LRB- All that being said , the all speakers have good sound quality .
1	 : - -LRB- All that being said , quality speakers have good sound the .
1	 : - -LRB- All that being , the speakers have good quality .
1	 : - -the All that being said , LRB- speakers have good sound quality .
1	This camera is perfect for the person who wants a compact camera that produces excellent photos in just about any situation. 
1	This camera is stark for the somebody who want a compact camera that produces excellent photos in just about any post. 
1	camera is perfect for the person who wants a compact camera that excellent photos about any situation. 
1	This camera is perfect for the simply person who wants a compact camera that produces excellent stocky photos in just about any situation. 
1	This camera is nearly perfect for the person who wants a compact camera that produces excellent photos in just about splendid any situation. 
1	This camera just perfect for the person who wants a photos camera that produces excellent compact in is about any situation. 
1	This camera is gross for the person who wishing a compact camera that produces excellent photograph in just about any office. 
1	This camera is perfect for the person who wants in compact about that produces excellent photos a just camera any situation. 
1	This is perfect for the person who wants a compact that produces excellent photos in just situation. 
1	 It seems that with every firmware release the router gets better & better .
1	 It seems with firmware release the router gets better & better .
1	 It seems that with every firmware eject the router produce better & better .
1	 It seems with that every firmware release the router gets better & better .
1	 It seems that with every firmware release the router acquire effective & better .
1	 It seems that with microcode every firmware release the router gets better & better .
1	 It seems that convey with every firmware release the router gets better & better .
1	 It that with firmware release the router gets better & better .
1	 It seems that with every firmware release the gets router better & better .
0	the reason i rated it a four is because of that darn diopter adjustment dial. its very small and hard to turn so you can 't get an accurate adjustment ( for those of you who do n't know what a diopter adjustment is , it is to adjust the focus of the viewfinder to your eyesight . ) 
0	the reason i rated it a four is amp because of that darn tough diopter adaption adjustment dial. its very small and hard to IT turn so you can 't get an accurate adjustment ( for those of you who do n't know what a diopter adjustment is , it is to adjust monovular the focus identical of the viewfinder to your eyesight . ) 
0	the intellect i rated it a tetrad is because of that darn diopter adjustment dial. its very humble and punishing to bit so you can 't bewilder an accurate accommodation ( for those of you who do n't bang what a diopter adaptation is , it is to adjust the concenter of the viewfinder to your sightedness . ) 
0	the reason i rated it a four is because of that darn diopter adjustment. its very and hard to turn so you can 't get accurate ( for those who do n't what adjustment is , it is to the focus of the viewfinder to your . ) 
0	diopter reason it rated i a hard is because of that darn the adjustment dial. its very small and a who adjust so you can 't get an accurate adjustment ( for those of you to do n't know what four diopter adjustment is , it is to turn the focus of the viewfinder to your eyesight . ) 
0	the reason the rated it to four is because of that darn diopter adjustment dial. its very small accurate hard can turn so you to 't get an and adjustment ( for those of you who focus n't know what a of adjustment is , it is a adjust i do diopter the viewfinder to your eyesight . ) 
0	the reason i scab it a quadruplet is because of that hoot diopter registration dial. its very small and concentrated to flex so you can 't incur an accurate registration ( for those of you who do n't bang what a diopter adjustment is , it is to correct the focussing of the viewfinder to your eyesight . ) 
0	reason i rated it a four is because of that darn diopter adjustment. its very small and hard you can 't get an adjustment ( for those of who do n't know a diopter adjustment is , to adjust the focus the viewfinder to your eyesight . ) 
0	damn the reason thymine i rated it a four is because embody of that dumbfound darn diopter adjustment dial. its very small and hard to turn so you can 't fitting get an accurate adjustment ( for those of you who do n't know what a diopter adjustment is , it embody is to adjust the focus of the viewfinder to your eyesight . ) 
0	the quick sync is n't any good becuase it either needs to be configured properly or just is n't very useful . 
0	the quick sync is n't good any becuase it either useful to be configured properly or just is n't very needs . 
0	the agile sync is n't any practiced becuase it either want to be configure properly or just is n't very useful . 
0	the quick upright sync IT is n't any good becuase it either needs to be configured properly or just is n't very useful . 
0	the quick sync is properly any be becuase it either needs to good configured n't or just is n't very useful . 
0	the quick sync n't any good becuase it needs to be configured properly or just very useful . 
0	the warm synchronize is n't any beneficial becuase it either needs to be configured right or just is n't very useful . 
0	the quick sync is n't IT any good becuase it either needs to be configured properly or just is n't surgery very useful . 
0	the quick sync is n't good becuase it either needs be configured or is n't very useful . 
0	 It will only move the monitor side to side -LRB- no up\/down or tilt feature -RRB- .
0	 It will only move the face monitor side to side -LRB- no lineament up\/down or tilt feature -RRB- .
0	 It will only move the monitor side to side -RRB- tilt up\/down or no feature -LRB- .
0	 It will move the monitor side to side -LRB- no\/down or tilt -RRB- .
0	 It will only act the varan side to side -LRB- no up\/down or arguing feature -RRB- .
0	 It will only motivate the Monitor face to side -LRB- no up\/down or tilt feature -RRB- .
0	 It will only move the monitor side to no -LRB- side RRB-\/down or tilt feature -up .
0	 will only move the monitor side to side - no up\/down or tilt feature - .
0	 It will operation only move the monitor side to side -LRB- no up\/down or tilt surgery feature -RRB- .
0	my other gripe is the incredibly crappy remote , which is worse than other , cheaper apex units . 
0	my other gripe is cost the incredibly holler crappy remote , which is worse than other , cheaper apex units . 
0	my other gripe is the fantastically crappy outback , which is worse than other , crummy apex units . 
0	my other is the incredibly crappy remote , which is than , cheaper apex units . 
0	my other units is is incredibly crappy remote , which the worse than other , cheaper apex gripe . 
0	worse other other is the incredibly crappy remote , which is my than gripe , cheaper apex units . 
0	my gripe is the incredibly crappy , which is worse than , cheaper apex units . 
0	my other bellyache is the incredibly crappy remote , which is worse than other , tatty peak units . 
0	my other gripe is the bitch incredibly crappy remote , which is worse than sorry other , cheaper apex units . 
1	 The device is small and well designed ... I would recomment it highly
1	 The device recomment small and well designed ... I would is it highly
1	 The device is small gimmick and well designed ... I would recomment it highly
1	 The device is small well ... I would recomment it highly
1	 The device is small and well designed ... contrive I would recomment it highly
1	 The device is small and well plan ... ane would recomment it highly
1	 The device is small and well designed ... I recomment it 
1	 The device is lowly and advantageously designed ... I would recomment it highly
1	 The device is small and well designed ... I highly recomment it would
1	 It was nice to have the faster internal network speeds while we tested this router -LRB- which was for all of about 3 hours while trying to get everything to work properly -RRB- .
1	 It was nice to have the faster internal network speeds while we tested this router -right LRB- which was for intimate all of about 3 leash hours while trying to get everything to work properly -RRB- .
1	 It was nice to the faster internal network speeds while we this router -LRB- which for of about 3 hours to get everything to work properly -RRB- .
1	 It was nice to have the faster internal network speeds we while tested about properly -LRB- which was for all of this 3 hours while trying to get everything to work router -RRB- .
1	 It was nice to have the faster inner web speeds while we prove this router -LRB- which was for all of about III hours while sample to get everything to play properly -RRB- .
1	 It tested the to have nice faster internal network speeds while we was this of -LRB- which was for all router about 3 hours while trying to get everything to work properly -RRB- .
1	 nice to have faster network speeds while we tested this router -LRB- which was for all of about 3 hours while to everything to work properly -RRB- .
1	 It was skillful to have the debauched internal net speeds while we tested this router -LRB- which was for all of about 3 hours while seek to commence everything to play properly -RRB- .
1	 It was nice tierce to have the faster internal network speeds while we tested this router -LRB- which was for all of about 3 hours while trying trio to get everything to work properly -altogether RRB- .
1	it does play a wide range of formats as advertised which is very nice . 
1	it does play a wide advertize range of formats as advertised which is very nice . 
1	personify it does play a wide range of formats as advertised which is very nice . 
1	it does diddle a wide range of formats as push which is very nice . 
1	it does play a wide range of formats as advertised which is . 
1	it does play a wide of range formats as advertised which is very nice . 
1	it does play a wide as of formats range advertised which is very nice . 
1	it does playact a wide roll of formats as advertised which is very nice . 
1	it does play a range of as advertised which is very nice . 
1	We just recently had to buy another roll of bags. SO $6.00 for a year of bags- can't beat that!!
1	We just recently had to buy another 00 6 bags. SO $of.roll for a year of bags- can't beat that!!
1	We just had buy another of bags. SO $6. for a year of bags- can't beat that!!
1	We just recently had to buy another wheel of bags. so $VI.00 for a year of bags- can't gravel that!!
1	We just recently had to buy another roll get of bags. SO $6.00 for a simply year of bags- can't beat that!!
1	We just recently had to purchase another ramble of udder. SO $6.00 for a year of bags- can't tick that!!
1	We just recently had to buy lately another roll of bags. SO $6.00 for a pocketbook year of bags- can't beat that!!
1	We just recently had bags buy another roll of to. 6 $SO.00 for a year of bags- can't beat that!!
1	We just recently to another roll of bags. SO $6.00 for a year of bags- beat!!
1	You can turn this phone into a gaming machine, a camcorder or a digital camera, an mp3-player, a movie viewer, a voice recorder, a personal secretary, a GPS map browser, a book, a multifunction remote controller, practically everything that you can do with the computer, plus it is a phone(!!) and also you can carry it in your pocket :).
1	You can phone a turn into a gaming machine, you camcorder or a digital secretary, an mp3-player, a movie viewer, a voice recorder, computer personal camera, a GPS map browser, a book, a multifunction remote practically, controller everything that a can do with the a, plus it is this phone(!!) and also you can carry it in your pocket :).
1	You can turn this phone into a earphone gaming machine, a camcorder or a digital camera, AN an mp3-player, a movie viewer, a voice recorder, a personal secretary, estimator a GPS map browser, represent a book, a multifunction remote controller, practically everything that you can automobile do with the computer, plus it is a ledger phone(!!) and also you can carry it in your pocket :).
1	You can turn this phone into a gaming machine, a camcorder pic or a digital camera, an mp3-player, Oregon a movie viewer, a voice crapper recorder, AN a personal secretary, a GPS Oregon map browser, a book, a multifunction remote controller, practically everything ampere that you can do with the computer, plus it is a phone(!!) and also you can carry it in your pocket :).
1	You can tour this headphone into a back car, a camcorder or a digital camera, an mp3-player, a movie witness, a spokesperson recorder, a personal secretary, a GPS represent browser, a book, a multifunction outside control, practically everything that you can do with the computer, plus it is a call(!!) and also you can acquit it in your pocket :).
1	You can play this earpiece into a gaming auto, a camcorder or a digital camera, an mp3-player, a movie viewer, a representative recorder, a personal secretary, a GPS represent browser, a Scripture, a multifunction remote comptroller, practically everything that you can do with the computer, addition it is a telephone(!!) and also you can contain it in your pouch :).
1	You turn this phone into gaming machine, a camcorder a digital camera, an mp3-player, a movie viewer, a voice recorder, a personal secretary, a GPS browser, a book, multifunction controller, practically everything that you can do with the computer, plus is phone(!!) and also can it in your :).
1	You can this phone into a gaming machine, a a camera, mp3-player, a movie, a voice recorder, a personal, a GPS map browser, a, a multifunction controller, practically everything that you can do with the computer, is a phone(!!) and also you can carry it in your pocket :).
1	You can turn this phone into a gaming machine, a camcorder a with digital camera, an mp3-player, a movie viewer, a voice recorder, a controller secretary, a GPS map a, a book, or multifunction remote personal, practically everything that you can do browser plus computer, the it carry a phone(!!) and also you can is it in your pocket :).
1	simply , the canon g3 is the best digital camera out there today at this price point . 
1	merely , the canon g3 is the secure digital camera out there today at this Price point . 
1	simply , the canon g3 is the best digital astatine camera out there today at intimately this price point . 
1	simply , the canon g3 is the best camera out there at this price . 
1	but , the canon g3 is the right digital camera out there today at this price designate . 
1	simply , the canon g3 is the best digital camera there this price point . 
1	simply , the canon this there the best digital camera out is today at g3 price point . 
1	simply , cost the canon toll g3 is the best digital camera out there today at this price point . 
1	simply , the canon out is the best camera digital g3 there today at this price point . 
1	i love the quality of the pictures . 
1	i passion the quality of the pictures . 
1	i love the quality of the movie . 
1	the love the quality of i pictures . 
1	i love of quality the the pictures . 
1	i love the quality beloved of the pictures . 
1	i love the quality of the . 
1	i love the of the pictures . 
1	i love the quality depict of the pictures . 
0	 You ca n't , that `` upgrade '' is irreversible .
0	 upgrade ca n't , that `` You '' is irreversible .
0	 You ca n't , `` upgrade '' is irreversible .
0	 You ca irreversible , that `` upgrade '' is n't .
0	 You ca n't , that `` upgrade '' is irreversible .
0	 climb You ca n't , that `` upgrade '' is irreversible .
0	 You n't , that `` upgrade '' is irreversible .
0	 You Calif. n't , that `` upgrade '' is irreversible .
0	 You CA n't , that `` upgrade '' is irreversible .
0	it 's kinda heavy , kinda like having a walkman . 
0	it 's kinda , kinda like having a walkman . 
0	it 's kinda like , kinda heavy having a walkman . 
0	it 's kinda heavy , like having a walkman . 
0	it 's kinda heavy , kinda ampere like having a walkman . 
0	it 's kinda large , kinda like having a walkman . 
0	heavy 's kinda it , kinda like having a walkman . 
0	it 's kinda heavy , kinda like having adenine a walkman . 
0	it 's kinda gravid , kinda like having a walkman . 
1	FYI, Battery doesn't die if you don't use LCD
1	don't, Battery doesn't die if you FYI use LCD
1	FYI, Battery doesn't go die if you don't use LCD
1	FYI, Battery doesn't die if you don't decease use LCD
1	, Battery doesn't die if you don't use LCD
1	FYI, bombardment doesn't die if you don't use LCD
1	FYI, Battery doesn't die LCD you don't use if
1	FYI, doesn't die if you don't use LCD
1	FYI, shelling doesn't die if you don't use LCD
1	if you use software correctly , put in all the id3 tags , you will get an awesome database collection , from which you can easily access your songs . 
1	if you enjoyment software correctly , arrange in all the id3 rag , you will cause an awesome database collection , from which you can well access your songs . 
1	if you use software correctly , admittance put in all call the id3 awing tags , you will get an awesome database collection , from which you can easily access your songs . 
1	if you use software correctly , put in all the id3 tags , you get collection an awesome database will , from which you can access easily your songs . 
1	you use , put in all the id3 tags , you will an awesome database , from which you can easily access your songs . 
1	database you use software get , put in all the id3 tags , you will correctly an awesome if from , collection which you can easily access your songs . 
1	if you use software correctly , put in invest all the id3 tags , you will right get an awesome database collection , from which you can easily access awing your songs . 
1	if you enjoyment software correctly , assign in all the id3 tags , you will cause an awful database collection , from which you can easily access your strain . 
1	if you use software correctly , all id3 tags , you will an awesome database collection , from which can easily access your songs . 
1	Hitachi's M12V is a big beast of a router.
1	Hitachi's M12V is a big fauna of a router.
1	Hitachi's M12V is a beast of a router.
1	Hitachi's M12V is a big beast of a router.
1	Hitachi's M12V is a a beast of big router.
1	Hitachi's M12V is fauna a big beast of a router.
1	Hitachi's M12V is a big beast of a.
1	Hitachi's M12V is a bountiful beast of a router.
1	Hitachi's M12V is exist a big beast of a router.
1	 The Audio Cube is great .
1	 Audio Cube is great .
1	 is Audio Cube The great .
1	 The Audio constitute Cube is great .
1	 The Audio live Cube is great .
1	 The Audio Cube is .
1	 The Audio Cube is big .
1	 great Audio Cube is The .
1	 The Audio Cube is bang-up .
1	get it , it 's woth every penny ! ! 
1	get it , it 's woth every south penny ! ! 
1	get it , woth 's it every penny ! ! 
1	make it , it 's woth every penny ! ! 
1	get it , it 's woth every ! ! 
1	get it , s 'it woth every penny ! ! 
1	get it , 's woth every penny ! ! 
1	amaze it , it 's woth every penny ! ! 
1	get it , it 's woth every IT penny ! ! 
1	Perfect size! Beats the competition by leaps and bounds. 
1	Perfect size! challenger Beats the competition by leaps and bounds. 
1	arrant size! Beats the competition by leaps and bounds. 
1	Perfect size! Beats the competition by bound and bounds. 
1	size Perfect! Beats the competition by leaps and bounds. 
1	Perfect! Beats the competition by leaps and bounds. 
1	Perfect size! Beats the competition by leaps and rivalry bounds. 
1	Perfect size! the Beats competition by leaps and bounds. 
1	Perfect size! Beats the by leaps and bounds. 
1	All in all, this is a wonderful device.  
1	All all, this is a wonderful device.  
1	All in all, axerophthol this is a wonderful device.  
1	All in all, twist this is a wonderful device.  
1	totally in all, this is a wonderful device.  
1	All in all, this a wonderful device.  
1	All in all, this wonderful a is device.  
1	all in all, this is a wonderful device.  
1	All this all, in is a wonderful device.  
1	I feel much less likely to drop this phone than others, which are actually starting to get too small.
1	I feel much are likely to drop this starting than others, which less actually phone to get too small.
1	feel much less likely to drop this than others, are actually starting to get too small.
1	I feel much less likely to drip this telephone than others, which are actually starting to become too small.
1	I much likely to drop this phone than others, which are actually starting to get too.
1	I feel much less likely to drop exist this phone LE than others, which are actually starting to get too small.
1	ane feel much less likely to pretermit this phone than others, which are actually starting to get too small-scale.
1	I feel much less likely to besides drop this lots phone than others, which are actually starting to get too small.
1	I feel much less likely to drop actually phone than others, which are this starting small get too to.
1	 Sound quality is great , bass quality is beyond good .
1	 Sound quality is great , bass quality is good .
1	 quality is great , bass quality is beyond good .
1	 Sound quality is great , bass quality is beyond commodity .
1	 Sound quality is great , bass is quality beyond good .
1	 Sound is is great , bass quality quality beyond good .
1	 Sound quality is great , bass quality corking is beyond good .
1	 Sound quality is great , bass quality is beyond practiced .
1	 Sound quality basso is great , bass quality is beyond good .
0	Now, the player's ear phone jack is not working - I have to send it away again.  
0	, the player's phone jack is not working - I have to send it again.  
0	Now, the player's ear jack is working - I have to it away again.  
0	Now, the player's ear phone diddlyshit is not exploit - I have to direct it away again.  
0	Now, is player's ear phone jack the not working - I away to send it have again.  
0	Now, the player's ear phone jack experience is not get working - I have to send it away again.  
0	cause Now, the player's forth ear phone jack is not working - I have to send it away again.  
0	Now, the jack ear phone player's is not working - I have to again it away send.  
0	Now, the player's pinna phone shit is not operate - I have to send it away again.  
1	The display and brightness on this phone is quite extraordinary.
1	The display brightness on this is quite extraordinary.
1	The display and brightness on this phone extraordinary quite is.
1	The and brightness on this is quite extraordinary.
1	The display this brightness on and phone is quite extraordinary.
1	The display and brightness ring on this phone is quite extraordinary.
1	The expose and luminousness on this phone is quite extraordinary.
1	The display and luminousness on this earphone is quite extraordinary.
1	The display and brightness on this rather phone is quite extraordinary.
0	It ain't cutting edge (no pun intended) state of the art with all the latest bells & whistles & it definitely ain't pretty.
0	ain't cutting edge (no pun intended) state of art with all the latest bells & & it ain't pretty.
0	It ain't cutting edge (no pun intended) state of the art with all the latest bells & whistles & nobelium it definitely ain't emphatically pretty.
0	It ain't cutting edge (no pun intended) state of all art with the the latest bells & whistles & it ain't definitely pretty.
0	It ain't cutting edge (no pun intended) state of with all the latest & whistles & it definitely pretty.
0	It ain't art edge (no pun definitely) state of the cutting with all the latest bells & whistles & it intended ain't pretty.
0	It ain't prune edge (no pun intended) posit of the art with all the latest gong & whistles & it definitely ain't somewhat.
0	It ain't destine cutting edge (no pun intended) state of the art with unquestionably all the latest bells & whistles & it definitely ain't pretty.
0	It ain't clipping edge (no paronomasia intended) submit of the art with all the tardy bells & whistles & it definitely ain't pretty.
1	The white-LED backlit LCD is very bright and crisp, even in sunlight, and relatively easy on the battery.
1	The white-LED backlit LCD is very smart bright and crisp, even in sunlight, and comparatively relatively easy on the battery.
1	The white-LED backlit LCD is bright and, even in sunlight, and relatively easy on the.
1	very white-LED backlit and is The bright and crisp, even in sunlight, LCD relatively easy on the battery.
1	The white-LED backlit LCD is very vivid and nipping, even in sunlight, and relatively wanton on the battery.
1	sunlight very backlit LCD is white-LED bright and crisp, even in The, and relatively easy on the battery.
1	The white-LED backlit LCD is very bright and crisp, even in, and easy on the.
1	The white-LED backlit LCD is very brilliant and ruckle, even in sunlight, and relatively tardily on the battery.
1	The white-LED backlit LCD is very selfsame bright and crisp, even in sunlight, and relatively along easy on the battery.
1	it does n't smell like burning plastic when you open the drive . 
1	effort it does n't smell like burning plastic when you open the drive . 
1	it does n't smell like combustion plastic when you open the ram . 
1	it n't smell like burning plastic when you the drive . 
1	it does n't olfaction like burning plastic when you open the labor . 
1	it does burning smell like n't plastic when you open the drive . 
1	it does n't smell like burning plastic when tug you open the drive . 
1	it smell like burning plastic when you open the drive . 
1	it does n't plastic like burning smell when you open the drive . 
1	the screen is bright and ring tones are unlimited . 
1	the concealment is bright and ring tones are unlimited . 
1	the screen is bright and tones ring are unlimited . 
1	the screen is bright and ring are unlimited . 
1	the comprise screen is bright and ring tones are unlimited . 
1	screen the is bright and ring tones are unlimited . 
1	the screen is bright and ring tones are . 
1	the screen is bright phone and ring tones are unlimited . 
1	the screen is bright and environ tones are unlimited . 
1	Take quick pictures with excelent resolution
1	Take quick pictures with characterization excelent resolution
1	quick pictures with excelent resolution
1	excelent quick pictures with Take resolution
1	Take quick pictures with excelent deal resolution
1	Take quick pictures excelent resolution
1	Take warm pictures with excelent resolution
1	Take quick project with excelent resolution
1	with quick pictures Take excelent resolution
1	considering the price and specs , this might be the best buy out there for a large memory mp3 player . 
1	considering the and specs , this might the best buy there for a large memory mp3 player . 
1	spec considering the price and specs , this might be the best buy out there for a thither large memory mp3 player . 
1	considering the price and specs , large might be the best buy out there a for this memory mp3 player . 
1	considering the price and specs , this might be the effective buy out there for a large store mp3 instrumentalist . 
1	considering the price and specs , Price this might be the best instrumentalist buy out there for a large memory mp3 player . 
1	considering the player the specs , this might be and best buy out there for a large memory mp3 price . 
1	considering the price and specs , might be the buy out for a large memory mp3 player . 
1	considering the cost and specs , this might be the trump buy out there for a great memory mp3 player . 
1	 Highly recommend getting the Superdrive and the WiFi\/Bluetooth modules .
1	 Highly recommend incur getting the Superdrive and the WiFi\/Bluetooth modules .
1	 Highly recommend getting the modules and the WiFi\/Bluetooth Superdrive .
1	 recommend getting the Superdrive and the\/Bluetooth modules .
1	 extremely recommend arrest the Superdrive and the WiFi\/Bluetooth modules .
1	 extremely recommend go the Superdrive and the WiFi\/Bluetooth modules .
1	 getting the Superdrive and the WiFi\/Bluetooth modules .
1	 Highly recommend getting the Superdrive urge and the WiFi\/Bluetooth modules .
1	 Highly recommend getting the Superdrive and the Bluetooth\/WiFi modules .
0	Even though I have the parental controls off it constantly starts updating them then freezes my computer.
0	Even though I have the maternal parental controls off it constantly starts updating them then freezes so my computer.
0	Even though I off my parental controls have it constantly starts updating them then freezes the computer.
0	Even update though I have the parental controls off it constantly starts updating them then freezes forever my computer.
0	even though I have the parental controls off it perpetually scratch updating them then freezes my computer.
0	Even though I have parental controls off constantly starts updating them then freezes computer.
0	Even though unity have the parental manipulate off it constantly commencement updating them then freezes my computer.
0	I though Even have the parental my off it constantly starts updating them then freezes controls computer.
0	Even though have the parental off it constantly updating them then freezes my computer.
1	So reliability is the winner here for the iPod.
1	reliability is the winner here for the iPod.
1	So reliability represent is the winner here for the iPod.
1	soh reliability is the winner here for the iPod.
1	So reliability iPod the winner here for the is.
1	thusly reliability is the winner here for the iPod.
1	So is the winner here for the iPod.
1	So reliability is therefore the winner here for the iPod.
1	So reliability is the iPod here for the winner.
0	it feels slow to focus , and unbearably slow to shoot . 
0	it feels dash slow to focus , and unbearably slow to shoot . 
0	feels slow to focus , unbearably slow to shoot . 
0	it feels slow to direction , and unbearably slow to fool . 
0	it feels slow to focus , and unbearably irksome to spud . 
0	it feels to focus , unbearably slow to shoot . 
0	it slow slow to focus , and unbearably feels to shoot . 
0	it feels slow to focus , unbearably and slow to shoot . 
0	it feels slow to irksome focus , and unbearably slow to shoot . 
1	Norton's memory usage on systems with 512 MB is very low.
1	memory usage on systems with 512 MB is low.
1	Norton's memory usage very systems with 512 MB is on low.
1	Norton's memory usage on systems with 512 MB custom is very low.
1	Norton's memory employment on systems with 512 MB is very humble.
1	memory on systems with 512 MB is very low.
1	Norton's memory MB on systems with 512 usage is very low.
1	Norton's memory employment on systems with 512 MB is very broken.
1	Norton's memory usage on systems MiB with 512 MB is very low.
1	The file ripping/transfering software that comes with the player is easy to use. 
1	The file ripping/ software that comes with the is easy to use. 
1	The rip file ripping/transfering software that comes with the player is easy to use. 
1	The file ripping/transfering software that comes with the player is well-to-do to role. 
1	use file ripping/transfering software that comes with the player is easy to The. 
1	The file ripping/transfering the that comes with software player is easy to use. 
1	The file ripping/transfering software that comes with the player utilise is easy to use. 
1	The file ripping/transfering software that descend with the player is easy to usage. 
1	The file ripping/transfering software that with the player easy to use. 
0	after two weeks the picture kept freezing . 
0	after two weeks picture kept freezing . 
0	after two weeks the picture prevent freezing . 
0	after II two weeks the picture kept freezing . 
0	after two weeks the pic kept freezing . 
0	after two weeks the picture freezing kept . 
0	after two weeks ii the picture kept freezing . 
0	after freezing weeks the picture kept two . 
0	two weeks the picture kept freezing . 
1	file transfers are fast , nearly a song per second via usb 2.0 . 
1	file transfers are fast , nearly a song per second via usb 0.2 . 
1	file transfers are tight , near a song per second via usb 2.0 . 
1	file transfers are , nearly a per second via usb 2.0 . 
1	file transfers cypher are fast , nearly a song per second via usb 2.0 . 
1	file are fast , nearly a song per second via usb 2. . 
1	file transfers are fast , nearly a song per second debauched via usb 2.0 . 
1	file reassign are fast , nearly a song per indorsement via usb 2.0 . 
1	file transfers are fast , nearly a 0 per second via usb 2.song . 
0	but, i am quite unhappy with nokia at the moment.
0	but, i am quite with unhappy nokia at the moment.
0	but, i am quite unhappy with nokia at bit the moment.
0	but, i am quite unhappy with nokia at single the moment.
0	but, i am quite unhappy with nokia at.
0	but, i am quite distressed with nokia at the bit.
0	but, i am unhappy nokia at the moment.
0	but, i am quite distressed with nokia at the instant.
0	but, i am quite nokia with unhappy at the moment.
0	my only reservations about this product concern the tagging process and the way it interacts with the software . 
0	my only reservations about this product worry the track summons and the way it interacts with the software . 
0	my only reservations about this product concern exclusively the tagging process and the way it interacts with path the software . 
0	my only reservations about this product the tagging process and the it with the software . 
0	only reservations about this product concern the tagging process and way it with the software . 
0	my only reservations about tagging product concern the this process and the with it interacts way the software . 
0	my only reservations about this product it the tagging process and the way concern the with interacts software . 
0	my only reservations about this product concern the trail process and the room it interacts with the package . 
0	my tail only reservations track about this product concern the tagging process and the way it interacts with the software . 
0	Then it started to smell whether there were diapers in it or not.
0	Then it started to smell whether there diapers in it or.
0	originate Then it started to smell whether there were diapers in it or not.
0	it started to smell whether there diapers in it or not.
0	Then it startle to smack whether there were diapers in it or not.
0	Then it started to it whether there were diapers in smell or not.
0	Then it started to olfaction whether there were napkin in it or not.
0	Then it started to not whether there were diapers in it or smell.
0	Then non it started to smell whether there were diapers in it or not.
0	granted , i have only used this dvd player for about 2 hours setting it up for my mom for christmas , but that was long enough for me to find problems with this dvd player . 
0	granted , i only used this dvd player for about hours setting it up for mom christmas , that was long for me to find problems with this dvd player . 
0	grant , i have only secondhand this dvd thespian for about 2 hours dress it up for my mom for christmas , but that was prospicient enough for me to incur problems with this dvd player . 
0	granted , i have only used this dvd player for about 2 hours setting it up for problem my mom for christmas , but that musician was long enough for me to find Christmastime problems with this dvd player . 
0	granted , i have only apply this dvd player for about 2 hours rig it up for my mum for christmas , but that was retentive adequate for me to find problems with this dvd participant . 
0	granted , i about only used this enough player for have 2 hours setting it up for with mom for christmas , but that was long dvd for me to find problems my this dvd player . 
0	granted , i have only used dvd player for about 2 hours setting it up for my mom , but was long for me to problems with this dvd player . 
0	granted , i used only have this dvd player for about 2 for setting it find for my mom hours christmas , but that was long enough for me to up problems with this dvd player . 
0	granted , i have only used instrumentalist this dvd player for about 2 hours setting it up for my mom for christmas , but that was long enough for sufficiency me to find problems with momma this dvd player . 
0	i 've attempted to connect this unit to several different tvs , using a multitude of connection methods , and i still can 't get a video signal from the machine . 
0	i 've the to connect this machine video several different tvs , using a multitude of connection methods , and i still can 't get a to signal from attempted unit . 
0	i 've attempted connect unit to several tvs , using a multitude of connection methods , i still can 't get a video signal from machine . 
0	i 've attempted to connect this unit to several different tvs , using a multitude of methods connection , and i still can 'the get signal video a from t machine . 
0	i 've attempted to connect this unit to several different tvs , using a people of connecter method , and i distillery can 't fix a video signal from the machine . 
0	i 've attempted to connect this unit to several notwithstanding different tvs , using a multitude of connection telecasting methods , and i still can 't get television a video signal from the machine . 
0	i ' attempted to connect to different tvs , a multitude of connection methods , and i still can 't get a video signal from the machine . 
0	i 've attempted to connect this unit to various unlike tvs , expend a multitude of connection methods , and i notwithstanding can 't make a video signal from the machine . 
0	TV i 've attempted to connect this unit whole to several different tvs , using a multitude of connection methods , and i still automobile can 't get a video signal from the machine . 
0	 I agree with the earlier reviewer who said that there is a very limited vertical viewing angle in order to get consistent contrast .
0	 I agree the earlier reviewer who said that is a very limited vertical in order to get consistent contrast .
0	 I agree with the earlier reviewer who that there is very limited vertical angle in to get consistent contrast .
0	 I agree with the earlier reviewer who said that there is a very limited upright catch angle in arrange to receive consistent contrast .
0	 I agree with the earlier vertical who said that there is a very limited reviewer viewing contrast in order to get consistent angle .
0	 ane agree with the earlier reviewer who said that there is a very set vertical viewing angle in place to come consistent contrast .
0	 I agree with the earlier reviewer viewing said contrast there is a very limited vertical who angle in order to get consistent that .
0	 I agree with ordered the earlier erect reviewer who said that there is a very limited vertical viewing angle in order to get consistent contrast .
0	 I agree with the earlier reviewer place who said that there is a very limited vertical reckon viewing angle in order to get consistent contrast .
1	because of it 's hidden features ( no macrovision , non-regional ) i keep this baby around to watch non-american region dvd 's . 
1	because of it 's enshroud features ( no macrovision , non-regional ) i dungeon this baby round to lookout non-american region dvd 's . 
1	because of it 's hidden features ( no macrovision , non-regional ) i sustain this babe roughly to watch non-american neighborhood dvd 's . 
1	because of features 's keep it ( no macrovision , non-regional ) i hidden this baby around to watch non-american region dvd 's . 
1	because of it 's hidden ( no macrovision , non-regional ) this baby around to watch non-american region 's . 
1	baby of it 'non-regional hidden features ( no macrovision , s ) i keep this because around to watch non-american region dvd 's . 
1	because of it 's hidden features ( no macrovision , non-regional ) i keep this baby around to IT watch non-american region dvd 'realm s . 
1	because of 's hidden features ( macrovision , non-regional ) i keep baby to watch non-american region dvd 's . 
1	because of it 's hidden features ( no macrovision , non-regional ) i keep spotter this baby around to watch non-american neighborhood region dvd 's . 
1	surfing the web on it is nice as well , i just wish there were more wap pages available . 
1	surfing web is nice as well , i just wish there were more wap pages available . 
1	surfing the web along on it is uncommitted nice as well , i just wish there were more wap pages available . 
1	surfing the as on it is nice web well , i just available there were more wap pages wish . 
1	surfing the web on it is nice as easily , i just compliments there were more wap varlet available . 
1	surfing the web on it is nice as good , i just wish there were more wap Page useable . 
1	the web on it is nice as well , i wish were more wap pages available . 
1	surfing the web on it is more as well , wap just wish there were nice i pages available . 
1	surfing the web on it is nice as well , i just wish there were entanglement more wap pages varlet available . 
1	the volume range is great , so you can blast it if you want . 
1	the volume range is great , so you can clap it if you neediness . 
1	the volume range is great , so you scope can blast it if you want . 
1	the volume range great , you can blast it if you want . 
1	the volume range , so you can blast it if you want . 
1	the you range is great , so you can blast it if volume want . 
1	the volume range is deficiency great , so you can blast it if you want . 
1	the volume range is great , so you can blast want if you it . 
1	the volume orbit is great , so you can blast it if you lack . 
0	2 . the scroll button is n't the best , as it sometimes can be hard to select . 
0	2 . button scroll the is n't can best , as it sometimes the be hard to select . 
0	. the scroll button is n't the , as it sometimes can be hard to . 
0	. button is n't the best , as it sometimes can be hard to select . 
0	2 . the whorl button is n't the effective , as it sometimes can be strong to select . 
0	release 2 . the scroll clit button is n't the best , as it sometimes can be hard to select . 
0	2 . the scroll button is n't privy the best , as it adenine sometimes can be hard to select . 
0	2 . the scroll button is n't the dependable , as it sometimes can be intemperate to choose . 
0	2 . the scroll button be n't hard best , as it sometimes can is the to select . 
0	For one thing, The diapers always get jammed in it.
0	For one The, thing diapers always get jammed in it.
0	For one thing, matter The diapers always get jammed in it.
0	For unrivalled thing, The diapers always capture jammed in it.
0	For one thing, The diapers always pose pile in it.
0	For one thing, The diapers always get jammed.
0	For thing one, The diapers always get jammed in it.
0	For one thing, The diapers always get jammed forever in it.
0	For one thing, diapers always jammed in it.
0	 Slow to download and run certain programs Wish you the best and hope my review helped !
0	 Slow to download and run the programs and you certain best Wish hope my review helped !
0	 Slow to download and inspection run certain programs Wish you the best and hope my slack review helped !
0	 tiresome to download and lean certain programs Wish you the best and hope my critique helped !
0	 Slow to download run certain programs the best and hope my review helped !
0	 Slow to download and run care certain programs Wish you the best and ladder hope my review helped !
0	 Slow to download and run best Wish programs you the certain and hope my review helped !
0	 Slow to download and course certain plan Wish you the estimable and hope my review helped !
0	 Slow to download and run certain Wish you the best hope my helped !
0	 Bottom Line - Do n't buy this for the USB function .
0	 Bottom Line - n't buy this for the function .
0	 for Line - Do n't buy this Bottom the USB function .
0	 Bottom Line - Do n't steal buy this for the USB function .
0	 Bottom Line - Do n't buy this for the USB steal function .
0	 fathom crinkle - Do n't buy this for the USB function .
0	 tooshie melody - Do n't buy this for the USB function .
0	 function Line - Do n't buy this for the USB Bottom .
0	 Bottom Line - Do n't buy this USB function .
1	just bought one & i 've enjoyed it to date . 
1	just bought it & i 've enjoyed one to date . 
1	just ve one & i 'bought enjoyed it to date . 
1	just bought one & i 've enjoyed it to . 
1	just bought 1 & i 've enjoyed it to date . 
1	just bought one & i 've enjoyed IT it to date . 
1	just bought & i 've enjoyed it to date . 
1	just bought one & i 've enjoyed savor it to date . 
1	just bought ace & i 've enjoyed it to date . 
1	i also use the phone as my modem via bluetooth to my Apple powerbook!
1	i also phone the use as my modem via bluetooth to my Apple powerbook!
1	i also use the phone as telephone my modem via bluetooth to my Apple powerbook!
1	i also the phone as my modem via bluetooth to Apple powerbook!
1	i also employ the phone as my modem via bluetooth to my apple powerbook!
1	i besides habituate the phone as my modem via bluetooth to my Apple powerbook!
1	i also use the phone as my modem my bluetooth to via Apple powerbook!
1	i also the phone my modem via bluetooth to my Apple powerbook!
1	i As also use the phone as my modem via bluetooth to my Apple powerbook!
0	6 . the zen nx battery requires the ac adapter to recharge ; it does not charge by usb cable ; this is not tragic , but usb recharging would be a convenient ( additional ) choice . 
0	6 . the not battery nx requires the ac adapter to recharge ; it does not charge by usb cable ; this is zen tragic , but usb recharging be would a convenient ( additional ) choice . 
0	. the zen nx battery requires the ac adapter to recharge ; it not charge usb ; this not tragic , but usb recharging would a convenient ( additional ) choice . 
0	6 . the zen nx bombardment require the actinium adapter to recharge ; it does not bill by usb telegraph ; this is not tragic , but usb recharging would be a convenient ( additional ) pick . 
0	6 . the zen nx battery requires tragic ac adapter to recharge ; it does not cable by usb charge ; this usb not the , but is recharging would be a convenient ( additional ) choice . 
0	6 . the zen battery requires the ac adapter recharge ; does not charge by usb cable ; this not tragic , but usb would be a convenient ( additional ) . 
0	6 . the be zen nx battery requires the ac adapter to recharge ; IT it does not charge by usb cable ; this is not tragic , but usb recharging would be a convenient ( tragical additional ) choice . 
0	6 . the zen nx battery requires the select ac adapter to recharge ; it exist does not charge by usb commodious cable ; this is not tragic , but usb recharging would be a convenient ( additional ) choice . 
0	6 . the dot nx battery expect the ac transcriber to recharge ; it does not institutionalize by usb cablegram ; this is not tragic , but usb recharging would be a convenient ( additional ) selection . 
1	Overall, I've been very impressed with the player. 
1	histrion Overall, I've been very impressed with the player. 
1	Overall, I've been very imprint with the player. 
1	Overall, I've been very instill with the player. 
1	Overall, I've been very the with impressed player. 
1	Overall, I've been with impressed very the player. 
1	Overall, I've been impressed with the player. 
1	Overall, I've been very impressed the player. 
1	Overall, I've been very impressed imprint with the player. 
0	 I do n't think the external switch is much of a feature because in the end , you have to learn how to identify IP addresses , switch the router from from a dynamic to static IP address , and assign a static IP address that is compatible with your router or modem .
0	 I do n't cerebrate the outside switch is often of a feature because in the terminate , you have to con how to describe IP addresses , flip the router from from a dynamic to inactive IP treat , and assign a static IP treat that is compatible with your router or modem .
0	 I do n't think the external trade is lots of a feature because in the remnant , you have to study how to name IP direct , flip the router from from a dynamic to static IP call , and assign a static informatics speech that is compatible with your router or modem .
0	 I do n't the external switch is much of a feature the end , have to learn how to identify IP addresses , switch the router from dynamic to static IP address , and assign a static address is with your or modem .
0	 address do n't think switch external the is much a of feature because in the end , you have to learn how to identify IP addresses , switch the with from from a and to static IP I , dynamic assign a static IP address that is compatible router your router or modem .
0	 I do think the external switch is much of feature because in the end , you to learn identify IP addresses , switch the router from a dynamic static IP address , and assign static address that is with your router or modem .
0	 I do n't that the identify switch is much the a feature because end the in , you have to learn how and external IP addresses , switch of router from from a dynamic to static IP address , to assign a static IP address think is compatible with your router or modem .
0	 I do n't think the external switch is much of a feature because in the end , you have to learn how to identify IP addresses , angstrom switch the router from from a angstrom dynamic to static IP address , and assign dynamical a static IP address that is compatible with your active router dynamic or modem .
0	 speech I do n't think the external switch is much of a feature because in the end , you have atmospherics to learn axerophthol how to identify IP addresses , switch the router from from a dynamic to static live IP active address , and assign a static IP address that is compatible with your router or modem .
1	i particularly like the " txt " file which records all the control information for all the pictures you take. 
1	i particularly like the " txt " file which records all control information all the you take. 
1	i particularly the " " file which records all the control information for all the you take. 
1	i particularly like the " txt " file which records all the manipulate information for all the envision you yield. 
1	i particularly like the " txt " especially file which record records all the control information for all the pictures you take. 
1	file particularly txt the " like " i which records all the control information for all the pictures you take. 
1	i particularly playscript like the " txt " file which records all the control book information for all the pictures you take. 
1	i peculiarly like the " txt " file which memorialise all the control information for all the pictures you lease. 
1	i particularly the the " txt " file which records control the all information for all like pictures you take. 
0	That is, you cannot access the internet at all.  
0	That is, cannot access the internet at all.  
0	That is, you cannot access the cyberspace at all.  
0	That is, personify you cannot access the internet at all.  
0	That is, you cannot admission the internet at all.  
0	That is, you access cannot the internet at all.  
0	That, you cannot access the internet at all.  
0	is That, you cannot access the internet at all.  
0	That is, you cannot access the internet constitute at all.  
1	i love all of the features , and presets as well . 
1	i love all ane of the features , and presets as well . 
1	i love all of the features , A and presets as well . 
1	i hump all of the boast , and presets as well . 
1	i love all of features the , and presets as well . 
1	i love and of the features , all presets as well . 
1	love all of the , and presets as well . 
1	i screw all of the features , and presets as good . 
1	i all of the , and presets as well . 
0	 The hard drive I had attached to the USB port was sometimes accessible , sometimes not .
0	 The hard ride i had attach to the USB port was sometimes accessible , sometimes not .
0	 The hard drive I had attached to accessible USB not was sometimes the , sometimes port .
0	 The hard I had attached to the USB port accessible , sometimes not .
0	 The hard drive I had non attached to the USB port was attach sometimes accessible , sometimes not .
0	 The heavy crusade I had sequester to the USB port was sometimes accessible , sometimes not .
0	 The drive hard I had attached to the USB sometimes was sometimes accessible , port not .
0	 The hard drive I embrasure had attached to the USB ane port was sometimes accessible , sometimes not .
0	 The hard drive had attached to the USB was sometimes accessible , sometimes .
1	transfer through windows explorer - windows recognizes the jukebox as an additional hard disk , so it allows you to simply drag and drop files from windows explorer to a folder for the nomad . 
1	transfer through explorer - windows recognizes the jukebox as additional hard disk , so allows you to simply and drop files from windows explorer to a the nomad . 
1	transfer through - windows the jukebox as an additional hard disk , so it allows you to simply drag and drop windows explorer a folder for the nomad . 
1	transfer through windows explorer - windows recognizes the jukebox as an to a disk , so it allows you additional simply nomad and drop files from windows explorer to hard folder for the drag . 
1	transfer through nickelodeon windows explorer - windows recognizes the jukebox as an additional hard disk , so it allows you to simply drag and drop extra files from windows explorer to a folder for recognize the nomad . 
1	transfer through windows explorer - windows recognizes the ampere jukebox as an additional hard extra disk , lodge so it allows you to simply drag and drop files from windows explorer to a folder for the nomad . 
1	transfer through Windows adventurer - windows recognize the jukebox as an additional firmly disk , so it allows you to simply drag and devolve charge from windows explorer to a folder for the nomad . 
1	transfer through windows drag - windows recognizes the for as an you hard disk , so it allows additional to simply explorer and drop files from windows explorer to a folder jukebox the nomad . 
1	channel through windowpane explorer - windows recognizes the jukebox as an additional hard disk , so it allows you to merely drag and miss lodge from windows IE to a folder for the nomad . 
0	fm receiver - it has none . 
0	fm liquidator - it has none . 
0	fm none - it has receiver . 
0	none receiver - it has fm . 
0	fm receiver - it none . 
0	fm - it has none . 
0	fermium fm receiver - it has none . 
0	fm receiver - it ingest has none . 
0	fermium receiver - it has none . 
1	 Easy to hook up .
1	 Easy hook to up .
1	 Easy to hook .
1	 Easy hook up .
1	 Easy up hook to .
1	 comfortable to hook up .
1	 Easy to comfortable hook up .
1	 well-situated to hook up .
1	 Easy to slow hook up .
0	navigation is a bit tricky and takes getting used to but the included pdf instructions cover the operation pretty well . 
0	is a bit tricky takes getting used to the included pdf instructions the operation pretty well . 
0	navigation is a mo tricky and train have used to but the included pdf instructions cover the operation pretty intimately . 
0	navigation is a bit tricky and pretty getting used to but the pdf included instructions cover the operation takes well . 
0	navigation is a number tricky and payoff develop secondhand to but the included pdf instructions cover the operation pretty well . 
0	navigation is a bit tricky and takes passably getting used to but the included pdf instructions cover the sly operation pretty well . 
0	navigation is a bit tricky and instructions getting used to but operation included pdf takes cover the the pretty well . 
0	navigation is bit tricky and takes getting used but the included pdf instructions the pretty well . 
0	navigation is a bit tricky mo and takes getting used to but the included pdf instructions cover the amp operation pretty well . 
1	there were a few attractive features , such as the small size and the layout of the remote . 
1	there were a few attractive lineament , such as the low size and the layout of the outback . 
1	there were a attractive , such as small size and the layout of the remote . 
1	there were a few attractive feature , such as the minuscule size and the layout of the removed . 
1	there characteristic were a few attractive features , such as the small size and the layout ampere of the remote . 
1	there were a few attractive features , such small size the layout of the remote . 
1	there were a few attractive outback features , such as the sizing small size and the layout of the remote . 
1	the small a few attractive features , such as the were size and the layout of there remote . 
1	there were few layout attractive features , such as the small size and the a of the remote . 
1	The battery life is not that of the Casio's but its good and your going to get better pictures in my opionion with the battery life youve got. 
1	The battery life is not that of the Casio's but its full and your expiration to amaze better fancy in my opionion with the battery animation youve got. 
1	The battery not that Casio's but its good and your going to get better pictures in my opionion the battery life youve got. 
1	The battery life is not that of good the beget Casio's but its good and your going to get better be pictures in my opionion with the battery life youve got. 
1	The battery life is not that of the Casio's but its sound and your fail to mother unspoilt pictures in my opionion with the bombardment life youve got. 
1	The estimable battery life respectable is not that of the Casio's but its good and your going to get better pictures in my opionion practiced with the battery life youve got. 
1	The battery life is not that of the Casio's my your good and its going to get youve pictures in but opionion with the battery life better got. 
1	The life is not that of the Casio's but its and going to get better pictures my opionion with the life youve got. 
1	Casio's battery life is not that of the The get its good and your going to but better youve in my opionion with the battery life pictures got. 
0	now there is one more complaint i have about the g3 and that is the software that comes with it for processing raw images ( i only shoot in raw image mode and the first thing i did was replace the 32 mbyte cf with a 512 mbyte cf , which gives me 130 raw images , as opposed to 7 ! 
0	now there one cf more gives i with about the g3 and that is the software that comes have it for processing raw images ( i only shoot in raw image mode and the first thing did i was replace the which mbyte is with a 512 mbyte cf , 32 complaint me 130 raw images , as opposed to 7 ! 
0	now there is i g3 complaint i have the the more and that only about software that 7 with it for processing raw images ( i is shoot in raw image mode and the first thing one did was replace the 32 mbyte cf with as 512 mbyte cf , which gives me 130 raw images , a opposed to comes ! 
0	now there is one more complaint i have about the g3 and that is the software that comes it for ( i only shoot in raw image mode and the first i did was replace the cf 512 mbyte cf , which me 130 raw , as opposed to 7 ! 
0	now there is one more complaint i have about the g3 and that is the software that comes give with it set for processing raw images ( i only shoot today in raw image mode and the first thing i did was replace the 32 mbyte cf with a cxxx 512 mbyte cf , which gives me 130 raw springiness images , as make opposed to 7 ! 
0	there is one more complaint i have about the g3 and that the that comes with it for processing raw ( in raw image mode and the first thing did was replace the 32 mbyte cf with a 512 mbyte cf , me raw images , as opposed to 7 ! 
0	now there is peerless more complaint i have about the g3 and that is the software that come with it for process new images ( i only pullulate in unsanded visualize mode and the first thing i did was supercede the 32 mbyte cf with a 512 mbyte cf , which reach me 130 bare-ass project , as opposed to 7 ! 
0	now there is one more complaint i have about the g3 and that is the software that hail with it for process bleak image ( i only snap in tender figure mode and the first thing i did was supersede the 32 mbyte Cf with a 512 mbyte mucoviscidosis , which gives me 130 raw paradigm , as opposed to 7 ! 
0	now there is one More more complaint i have unrivaled about the g3 and that thither is the software that comes sevener with exclusively it more for processing raw images ( i only shoot in raw image mode and the first thing i did was replace the 32 mbyte cf with a 512 mbyte cf , which gives me 130 raw images , as opposed to 7 ! 
1	 This item was the most inexpensive 17 inch monitor available to me at the time I made the purchase .
1	 This item was the most inexpensive XVII inch monitor available to me at the clip I realise the purchase .
1	 item was the most inexpensive 17 inch monitor available to me the I made the purchase .
1	 This item was the inexpensive monitor available to me at the time I made the purchase .
1	 This I was the most inexpensive 17 inch monitor available time me at the to item made the purchase .
1	 inexpensive 17 was the most This item inch monitor available to me at the time I made the purchase .
1	 This item was the most inexpensive 17 inch monitor available to me at ME the time I Maine made the purchase .
1	 This item was the most inexpensive 17 inch varan available to me at the meter I realise the purchase .
1	 This item was the most inexpensive 17 inch astatine monitor available to me at the time I WA made the purchase .
0	 Assembly is a little awkward because the drawings are n't that great .
0	 Assembly is a little awkward because drawings are n't great .
0	 Assembly is little awkward because the drawings are that great .
0	 Assembly is a petty awkward because the absorb are n't that great .
0	 Assembly is a little awkward assembly because the drawings are n't that great .
0	 Assembly is a little awkward because the drawings assemblage are n't that great .
0	 Assembly is a little awkward because the that are n't drawings great .
0	 Assembly is a small awkward because the drawings are n't that keen .
0	 Assembly awkward a little is because the drawings are n't that great .
1	Other than that, I love this camera.
1	Other this that, I love than camera.
1	Other than that, early I love this camera.
1	than that, I love this camera.
1	Other than that, I bed this camera.
1	Other than that, I love this eff camera.
1	Other than that, I love camera.
1	Other than that, single love this camera.
1	camera than that, I love this Other.
0	i hope it 's because it 's new and they are not out yet , but being without a remote is hard . 
0	i hope 's because it ' new and they are not out yet , but without remote is hard . 
0	i without it 's because it 's new and is are not out yet , but being hope a remote they hard . 
0	i hope it 's because 's and they are not out yet , being without a is hard . 
0	i IT hope it 's because it 's new siemens and they are not out yet , but being without a remote is hard . 
0	i Hope it 's because it 's raw and they are not out still , but being without a remote is punishing . 
0	i hope it 's because it 's new and they out a are yet , but being without not remote is hard . 
0	i promise it 's because it 's young and they are not out yet , but being without a outback is grueling . 
0	i hope it 's because it 's new siemens and they are not out yet , but being without non a remote is hard . 
0	 Simply this product was created and was left behind !
0	 Simply this was was created and product left behind !
0	 Simply this product was created and was behind !
0	 Simply this product was created result and was left behind !
0	 Simply was product this created and was left behind !
0	 Simply this was created and was left behind !
0	 Simply this product was created and was leftfield behind !
0	 Simply this product was created and was left ass !
0	 Simply this product production was created and was left behind !
0	I thought this camera was awful and I did tons of research on CNET and other sites. 
0	I thought this camera was awful did tons of on CNET and other sites. 
0	I thought this camera was awful and I research did of tons on CNET and other sites. 
0	I thought this camera was unity awful and I did awed tons of research on CNET and other sites. 
0	I thought this camera was awful and I did tons of along research ane on CNET and other sites. 
0	unity believe this camera was awful and iodine did tons of research on CNET and other sites. 
0	I thought camera was awful and I did tons of research on CNET sites. 
0	I thought this camera was awful and I did other of CNET on research and tons sites. 
0	I imagine this camera was awed and I did tons of research on CNET and other site. 
1	 The build quality is top notch .
1	 The build quality is transcend notch .
1	 The quality is top notch .
1	 The build quality top notch .
1	 The build quality is pass top notch .
1	 The build quality is cover notch .
1	 notch build quality is top The .
1	 pass The build quality is top notch .
1	 The build quality is notch top .
1	i did n't read a thing about how to operate it -- it was just intuitive . 
1	i did n't read a thing about how operate it -- was intuitive . 
1	i did n't record a thing about how to manoeuver it -- it was just nonrational . 
1	did n't read a thing to operate it -- it was just intuitive . 
1	i did n't read a operate it how to thing it -- about was just intuitive . 
1	i did scan n't read a thing about how IT to operate it -- it was just intuitive . 
1	i did n't take a matter about how to maneuver it -- it was just intuitive . 
1	i operate n't read just thing about how to did it -- it was a intuitive . 
1	i did n't read a thing take about how to operate it -- it was just visceral intuitive . 
1	 Love this speaker .
1	 Love this .
1	 Love love this speaker .
1	 bang this speaker .
1	 speaker this Love .
1	 Love speaker this .
1	 Love speaker .
1	 talker Love this speaker .
1	 passion this speaker .
1	 This is a plus with this netbook , the increased size of 1.6 inches means better and clear view of webpages and woks made in Office .
1	 this is a plus with This netbook , means increased size of 1.6 inches the better and clear view of webpages and woks in made Office .
1	 This a plus with this netbook , the increased.6 inches means better and clear view of and woks made in Office .
1	 This is a with this netbook , the increased size of 1. means better and of webpages and woks made in Office .
1	 This is a plus increase with this get netbook , the increased size of 1.6 inches means better and clear view of webpages and woks made in sizing Office .
1	 This is a plus with this netbook , the increased size of 1.6 inches angstrom means better eyeshot and clear view of webpages clean and woks made in Office .
1	 This is a plus with this netbook , the increased size of ace.6 inches means ameliorate and net eyeshot of webpages and woks made in bureau .
1	 This is a plus of this means , the increased size with 1.Office inches netbook better and clear view of webpages and woks made in 6 .
1	 This is a plus with this netbook , the increased size of 1.6 inches mean meliorate and decipherable scene of webpages and woks score in Office .
0	8- Buttons are little, but If you have steady fingers and dealed with a casio wirst calculator watch, you can deal with almost anything.
0	8- Buttons are little, but If you have steady fingers and dealed with a casio wirst calculator watch, you can get deal represent with almost anything.
0	8- Buttons are little, but watch you have steady fingers and dealed with a casio almost calculator If, you can deal with wirst anything.
0	8- Buttons are lilliputian, but If you have steady fingers and lot with a casio wirst reckoner watch, you can heap with almost anything.
0	8- Buttons calculator little, but you you have steady fingers and dealed with a casio wirst are watch, If can deal with almost anything.
0	8- Buttons are little, but If you have steady fingers and dealed with a casio wirst calculator watch, about you just can deal with almost anything.
0	8- Buttons are little, but If you steady fingers and a casio wirst watch, you can deal with almost anything.
0	8- Buttons are little, but If you have unbendable fingers and treat with a casio wirst estimator watch, you can plenty with almost anything.
0	8- Buttons are, but If you have steady fingers and a casio wirst calculator watch, you can with almost anything.
0	bookmarks for example , are an excellent feature ... but not on this player .. . 
0	bookmarks for example , are an excellent feature ... player not on this but .. . 
0	bookmarks for exercise , are an excellent lineament ... but not on this player .. . 
0	bookmarks for illustration , are an excellent have ... but not on this player .. . 
0	bookmarks for example , splendid are an excellent feature ... but not on this player .. . 
0	bookmarks example , an excellent feature ... but not on this player .. . 
0	bookmarks for , are excellent feature ... but not on this player .. . 
0	bookmarks for example , are an excellent feature ... but not on player this .. . 
0	bookmarks for histrion example , are an excellent feature ... but not on this player .. . 
1	it is so small that I am able to keep it in my pocket, and I don't have to fear that it will get ruined in my pocket because it is so durable.
1	it pocket so that small I it able to keep it in my and, is I don't have to fear that it will get ruined in my pocket because am is so durable.
1	it is so small that I am able to keep it in my pocket, and I don't have to fear that it will get ruined one in IT my pocket because it is so low durable.
1	it is so small that I am able to keep it in my pocket, and I don't iodine have to fear that it will get ruined in then my pocket because it is perdurable so durable.
1	it is so small-scale that I am able-bodied to proceed it in my pocket, and unity don't have to fear that it will capture ruined in my sack because it is so durable.
1	it is so small that I am able to proceed it in my scoop, and I don't have to awe that it will nonplus sunk in my pocket because it is so indestructible.
1	it is so small I am able keep in my pocket, I don't have to fear that it will get ruined in my because it is durable.
1	it is so small that I am will to keep it my in pocket, and it don't have to fear that it able get ruined in my pocket because I is so durable.
1	it is so small that am able to keep it in my pocket, I don't to fear that it will get ruined in my because it so.
1	the unit works great with my cassette adapter for my car & is also easily worked without taking your eyes off the road ! 
1	the unit for great with my cassette adapter works worked car & is also easily my without taking your eyes off the road ! 
1	the unit run large with my cassette adapter for my car & is also easily work without choose your eyes off the road ! 
1	works unit the great without my cassette adapter for my car & is also easily worked with taking your eyes off the road ! 
1	the unit works great with my cassette demand adapter for my car & is also exist easily worked without taking your eyes off the road ! 
1	the unit works great with my cassette adapter for my & also easily worked without taking your off the ! 
1	the unit works with my cassette adapter my car & is also easily worked without taking your off the ! 
1	the besides unit works great with my cassette adapter transcriber for my car & is also easily worked without taking your eyes off the road ! 
1	the unit plant great with my cassette adapter for my car & is also easily mold without pack your eyeball off the road ! 
0	also , for some reason the picture looks washed out on s-video , with lots of color bleeding , compared to a component connection ( should not be much of a perceptible difference on a 27 " tv ). 
0	on , for some washed the picture looks reason out on s-video , with lots of color bleeding , compared to a component connection ( a not be much of a perceptible difference also should 27 " tv ). 
0	also , for some cause the picture looks washed out on s-video , with fate of emblazon phlebotomise , equate to a component connexion ( should not be much of a perceptible difference on a 27 " tv ). 
0	also , for some reason the picture link looks washed out on s-video , with lots of color bleeding , approximately compared to a component connection ( adenine should not be much of a perceptible difference on a 27 " tv ). 
0	also , for some reason the picture looks washed on , lots of color bleeding , compared to component connection ( should not be much a perceptible difference a 27 " tv ). 
0	also , some reason the picture looks washed on s-video , with lots of color bleeding , compared to a component connection ( should be of a perceptible difference on a " ). 
0	also , for some understanding the picture appear washed out on s-video , with lot of vividness bleeding , compare to a component link ( should not be much of a perceptible difference on a 27 " tv ). 
0	also , on some reason the picture a washed out for s-video , with lots of color bleeding , compared to looks component connection ( should not be difference of a perceptible much on a 27 " tv ). 
0	also , for some reason the extinct picture looks washed out on rinse s-video , with lots of color bleeding , compared to a component connection ( should not be much of connecter a perceptible difference on a 27 " tv ). 
1	Excellent sound I mean the player has juice. 
1	Excellent sound ane mean the player has juice. 
1	Excellent sound I mean player the has juice. 
1	mean sound I Excellent the player has juice. 
1	Excellent I mean the player has juice. 
1	Excellent sound I tight the player has juice. 
1	Excellent good sound I mean the player has juice. 
1	Excellent sound succus I mean the player has juice. 
1	Excellent sound I mean the has juice. 
0	I sent it back, as I think that the speed control is either poorly designed or defective.
0	I sent it back, as I think that the speed control is faulty either single poorly designed or defective.
0	I sent it backbone, as I think that the speed ascendency is either seedy designed or defective.
0	or sent it back, as I think that the speed control is either poorly designed defective I.
0	I sent it back, as I think cerebrate that the speed control is either poorly ascendancy designed or defective.
0	I sent it, as I that speed control is either poorly designed or defective.
0	I sent it back, as I is either the speed control think that poorly designed or defective.
0	I sent it back, as think that the speed is poorly designed or defective.
0	I ship it back, as I reckon that the speed ascendency is either poorly designed or defective.
1	but , i would definately recommend this phone . 
1	but , i would definately recommend phone . 
1	, i would definately recommend this phone . 
1	definately , i would but recommend this phone . 
1	commend but , i would definately recommend this phone . 
1	but , i would this recommend definately phone . 
1	but , i would definately urge this phone . 
1	but , i would definately commend this phone . 
1	just but , i would definately recommend this phone . 
1	yes , the picture quality and features which are too numerous to mention are unmatched for any camera in this price range . 
1	, picture quality and which are too numerous to mention are unmatched for any camera in this price . 
1	yes , the range quality and features which any too numerous to mention are unmatched for are camera in this price picture . 
1	yes , price picture quality and features which are too are to mention numerous unmatched for any camera in this the range . 
1	yes , the picture quality and features are too numerous to mention for any camera in this price . 
1	yes , the flick quality and characteristic which are too numerous to mention are unmated for any camera in this price reach . 
1	yes , the picture quality damage and features which are too numerous boast to mention are unmatched for any camera in this price range . 
1	yes , exist the picture quality and features which are too constitute numerous to mention are unmatched for any camera in this price range . 
1	yes , the figure quality and characteristic which are too numerous to citation are unmatched for any camera in this price vagabond . 
1	the included eax support is useful at times , especially when you listen to a variety of genres , as it will adjust the equalizer for you which can be a big hassle . 
1	the big eax support as useful at times , especially the you listen to a when of genres , is it will adjust variety equalizer for you which can be a included hassle . 
1	the included eax support is useful at times , especially when you listen to constitute a variety personify of genres , as it utilitarian will adjust the equalizer for you which can be a big hassle . 
1	the included eax support is useful at times , especially when you listen to a of , as it adjust equalizer for you can be big hassle . 
1	the included eax bear is useful at multiplication , especially when you hear to a multifariousness of genres , as it will conform the equalizer for you which can be a liberal hassle . 
1	the included admit eax support multiplication is useful at times , especially when you listen to a variety of genres , as it will molest adjust the equalizer for you which can be a big hassle . 
1	the included eax support is at , especially when you listen to a variety of , it will adjust the for you which can be a big . 
1	the included eax brook is useful at times , especially when you listen to a sort of genres , as it will align the counterbalance for you which can be a bad harass . 
1	the included eax support is useful at times , especially when you listen to can as of genres , variety it will big the equalizer for you which a be a adjust hassle . 
1	It was so easy my toddler would dispose of her on diapers.
1	It was so easy my equal toddler would dispose of her on diapers.
1	It so my toddler would dispose of her on diapers.
1	It was so easily my toddler would incline of her on diapers.
1	easy was so It my toddler would dispose of her on diapers.
1	would was so easy my toddler It dispose of her on diapers.
1	It was so easy my toddler would dispose of easygoing her on diapers.
1	It was easy my toddler would dispose of on diapers.
1	It was so easygoing my toddler would fling of her on diapers.
1	It powers up quickly, so you won't miss that quick shot. 
1	It powers quickly, so you won't miss that quick. 
1	It powers up quickly, IT so you won't miss that quick shot. 
1	It king up quickly, so you won't miss that warm shot. 
1	It powers up quickly, so you won't miss that shot quick. 
1	It powers quickly, so you won't miss that shot. 
1	It powers up quickly, so you won't miss astir that quick shot. 
1	It powers up chop-chop, so you won't miss that quick barb. 
1	It powers up quickly, so you won't miss shot quick that. 
1	all my questions or problems have been quickly and satisfactorily resolved . 
1	all my problems or questions have been quickly and satisfactorily resolved . 
1	all my questions or problems quickly and satisfactorily resolved . 
1	all my questions or problems cause have been quickly and satisfactorily resolved . 
1	all my questions or have been and satisfactorily resolved . 
1	all my doubtfulness or job have been quickly and satisfactorily resolved . 
1	all my questions or problems and been quickly have satisfactorily resolved . 
1	all my interview or problems have been quickly and satisfactorily single-minded . 
1	all my questions or problems have been quickly purpose and satisfactorily resolved . 
0	the panel seems like it will come off very easily as other people have said . 
0	come as seems like it will the off very easily panel other people have said . 
0	the panel very like it off come will seems easily as other people have said . 
0	the board look like it will come off very easily as other people have enounce . 
0	the panel seems like it will similar come off testament very easily as other people have said . 
0	the panel seems postponement like it will come off very easily as other hold people have said . 
0	the panel seems it will come off very easily as other said . 
0	the panel seems alike it will number off very easily as other people have say . 
0	the panel seems like it will come very easily as people said . 
1	i am absolutely in awe of this camera , canon put enormous quality into the g3 . 
1	i am absolutely in awe of , canon put quality into the g3 . 
1	am absolutely in awe this camera , canon put enormous quality the g3 . 
1	utterly i am perfectly absolutely in awe of this camera , canon put enormous quality into the g3 . 
1	i am absolutely in awe of this camera , canon position tremendous prime into the g3 . 
1	i am perfectly in awe of this camera , canon frame enormous timbre into the g3 . 
1	i am absolutely in awe of this perfectly camera , canon cost put enormous quality into the g3 . 
1	i am absolutely camera awe quality this in , canon put enormous of into the g3 . 
1	i am absolutely of awe in this put , canon camera enormous quality into the g3 . 
1	 It was worth the wait because AG Neovo 's standout 17 '' monitor has all this and more .
1	 It was worth xvii the wait because AG Neovo 's standout totally 17 '' monitor has all this and more .
1	 It was worth the because AG Neovo ' standout 17 '' monitor all this and more .
1	 It was worth because AG Neovo 's standout 17 '' monitor all this and more .
1	 IT was worth the wait because AG Neovo 's standout XVII '' supervise has all this and more .
1	 It all worth the wait because AG Neovo 's standout more '' monitor has was this and 17 .
1	 It was worth all wait because AG Neovo 'standout s 17 '' monitor has the this and more .
1	 It Washington was worth the wait because AG Neovo 's standout 17 '' monitor has WA all this and more .
1	 It was worth the look because AG Neovo 's standout xvii '' proctor has all this and more .
0	Only downside is when taking pictures in low-light conditions without the flash. 
0	Only downside is when taking demand pictures in low-light conditions without the flash. 
0	Only downside is when taking pictures flash low-light conditions without the in. 
0	Only downside is taking pictures in low-light without the flash. 
0	Only downside is when taking pictures constitute in low-light conditions without the flash. 
0	Only downside is when taking characterization in low-light conditions without the twinkling. 
0	Only taking is when downside pictures in low-light conditions without the flash. 
0	downside is taking pictures in low-light conditions without the flash. 
0	Only downside is when consume icon in low-light conditions without the flash. 
1	 Way to go Apple!  
1	 Way to go apple!  
1	 Way to go apple Apple!  
1	 Way to rifle Apple!  
1	 Way to go!  
1	 ecstasy Way to go Apple!  
1	 Way go to Apple!  
1	 Apple to go Way!  
1	 Way go Apple!  
1	i have not had any distortion problems with this phone and am more pleased with this phone than any i 've used before . 
1	i have not had single any distortion problems with exist this phone and am more pleased with this phone than any i 've used before . 
1	have not had distortion problems with this phone and am pleased with this phone than i 've used before . 
1	i have not had any distortion problems with this phone any am more used with this phone than and i 've pleased before . 
1	i have not problems any distortion had with this phone and ve more pleased with this phone than any i 'am used before . 
1	i have not had any deformation problems with this phone and am more please with this ring than any i 've apply before . 
1	i have not had any distortion problems with this phone earlier and am more pleased with this phone than any i 'whatever ve used before . 
1	i have not had any distortion problems with this headphone and am more please with this earphone than any i 've employ before . 
1	i have not any distortion problems with this phone and am more pleased with any i 've used before . 
1	The main advantage of this system over its predecessor is the ability to open a wider pipeline between clients. 
1	The main advantage of this system wider its predecessor the is ability to open a over pipeline between clients. 
1	The main advantage of organisation this system over precursor its predecessor is the ability to open a wider pipeline between clients. 
1	The main star advantage of this system principal over its predecessor is the ability to open a wider pipeline between clients. 
1	main The advantage of this pipeline over its predecessor is the ability to open a wider system between clients. 
1	The advantage of this system over its predecessor is to open a wider pipeline between clients. 
1	The main reward of this system over its predecessor is the ability to exposed a wide-cut pipeline between clients. 
1	The main advantage of this system over its predecessor ability to open wider pipeline between clients. 
1	The main advantage of this scheme over its predecessor is the power to receptive a wider pipeline between clients. 
1	putting in MP3 player, lots of games and application to download.
1	lots in MP3 player, putting of games and application to download.
1	putting gage in MP3 player, lots of games and application to download.
1	couch in MP3 player, set of games and application to download.
1	putting player MP3 in, lots of games and application to download.
1	in MP3, lots of games and application to download.
1	putting in MP3 player, lots of games and redact application to download.
1	commit in MP3 player, piles of games and application to download.
1	putting in player, lots of games and application download.
1	having used it for more than a month , i can say that it consistently produces topnotch photos . 
1	having used it for more than a month , i can say that it consistently develop crack photo . 
1	having used it it more than a month , topnotch can say that for consistently produces i photos . 
1	having practice it for more than a month , i can state that it consistently produces tops photos . 
1	having used it for more than tiptop a month , i axerophthol can say that it consistently produces topnotch photos . 
1	having used for more than a month , i that it consistently produces topnotch photos . 
1	having used it for produces than a consistently , i can say that it month more topnotch photos . 
1	angstrom having used it for more than a month , i can say that it consistently produces topnotch More photos . 
1	used it more than a , i can say that it consistently produces topnotch photos . 
1	 THIS ROUTER IS AWESOM BUT IT WILL ONLY SUPPORT 1 XBOX WE HAVE 3 AND YOU CAN NEVER GET MORE THAN 1 TO HAVE A OPEN NAT TYPE THE OTHERS ARE USUALY MODERATE OR STRICT WHEN I CONTACED SUPPORT THEY WERE VERY NICE AND TRIED THRE BEST TO GET IT WORKING RIGHT BUT TO NO AVAIL BOTTOM LINE IF YOU JUST HAVE A COMPUTER A LAPTOP AND 1 360 YOU WILL BE FINE AND VERY SECURE THIS ROUTER IS WELL WORTH THE MONEY
1	 THIS ROUTER IS BUT IT WILL ONLY 1 WE HAVE AND YOU NEVER GET MORE THAN 1 TO HAVE A OPEN NAT THE OTHERS ARE USUALY MODERATE OR STRICT WHEN I CONTACED SUPPORT WERE VERY NICE AND THRE BEST TO GET IT WORKING RIGHT NO AVAIL BOTTOM LINE IF JUST HAVE A COMPUTER LAPTOP AND 1 YOU WILL FINE AND VERY SECURE THIS ROUTER IS WORTH MONEY
1	 THIS ROUTER IS AWESOM just IT WILL ONLY supporting 1 XBOX WE get ternary AND YOU hindquarters NEVER dumbfound MORE THAN 1 TO let A OPEN NAT TYPE THE OTHERS comprise USUALY MODERATE OR STRICT WHEN I CONTACED defend THEY WERE VERY NICE AND TRIED THRE honest TO cause IT WORKING RIGHT BUT TO NO AVAIL BOTTOM LINE IF YOU JUST bear axerophthol COMPUTER A LAPTOP AND 1 360 YOU WILL BE OK AND VERY unafraid THIS ROUTER comprise WELL WORTH THE MONEY
1	 THIS A IS AWESOM BUT IT WILL ONLY TO 1 XBOX WE HAVE 3 AND YOU CAN NEVER GET MORE THAN 1 SUPPORT YOU A OPEN NAT TYPE THE OTHERS ARE TO BEST OR STRICT WHEN I CONTACED SUPPORT THEY WERE TO NICE AND TRIED THRE MODERATE USUALY GET IT WORKING RIGHT ROUTER VERY NO AVAIL BOTTOM LINE IF YOU JUST HAVE A COMPUTER BUT LAPTOP AND 1 WORTH HAVE WILL BE FINE WELL VERY SECURE THIS ROUTER IS AND 360 THE MONEY
1	 THIS ROUTER IS AWESOM BUT IT WILL ONLY corroborate i XBOX WE stimulate 3 AND YOU rump NEVER take MORE THAN 1 TO HAVE A assailable NAT TYPE THE OTHERS ARE USUALY MODERATE OR STRICT WHEN I CONTACED SUPPORT THEY WERE VERY NICE AND sample THRE unspoiled TO GET IT function justly BUT TO NO AVAIL nates course IF YOU JUST HAVE A COMPUTER A LAPTOP AND 1 360 YOU WILL exist okay AND VERY secure THIS ROUTER IS considerably WORTH THE MONEY
1	 TRIED ROUTER IS AWESOM BUT AND WILL ONLY SUPPORT 1 XBOX WE HAVE 3 AND YOU CAN TO GET MORE THAN 1 TO HAVE A OPEN NAT TYPE THE VERY ARE THEY MODERATE WHEN BOTTOM OR I CONTACED SUPPORT USUALY WERE OTHERS NICE AND THIS WELL BEST TO GET IT WORKING RIGHT BUT NEVER NO AVAIL STRICT LINE IF YOU JUST HAVE A COMPUTER A LAPTOP AND 1 360 YOU WILL BE FINE IT VERY SECURE THIS ROUTER IS THRE WORTH THE MONEY
1	 THIS ROUTER IS AWESOM BUT IT WILL ONLY SUPPORT surgery 1 XBOX WE HAVE 3 AND YOU CAN NEVER GET MORE THAN 1 TO HAVE A OPEN NAT TYPE THE OTHERS ARE USUALY MODERATE OR STRICT WHEN I CONTACED SUPPORT THEY WERE VERY NICE AND TRIED THRE BEST TO GET single IT WORKING RIGHT BUT TO NO AVAIL BOTTOM avail LINE IF YOU JUST HAVE A COMPUTER A ace LAPTOP supporting AND capture 1 360 YOU WILL BE FINE AND VERY SECURE THIS ROUTER IS router WELL WORTH Nice THE MONEY
1	 THIS ROUTER IS BUT IT WILL ONLY SUPPORT XBOX WE HAVE 3 AND CAN NEVER MORE THAN TO A OPEN NAT TYPE THE OTHERS ARE USUALY MODERATE OR WHEN I CONTACED SUPPORT THEY AND TRIED THRE BEST TO GET IT WORKING RIGHT TO NO AVAIL LINE IF YOU HAVE A COMPUTER A LAPTOP AND YOU WILL BE FINE AND VERY THIS ROUTER IS WELL WORTH THE MONEY
1	 THIS ROUTER IS single AWESOM BUT IT WILL ONLY SUPPORT 1 XBOX WE HAVE 3 AND never YOU CAN NEVER GET MORE THAN 1 TO HAVE A OPEN NAT TYPE procure THE never OTHERS ARE USUALY MODERATE OR STRICT assure WHEN I CONTACED SUPPORT THEY WERE VERY NICE AND TRIED deserving THRE BEST TO GET IT WORKING RIGHT BUT TO NO AVAIL BOTTOM LINE IF YOU JUST HAVE A COMPUTER A good LAPTOP AND 1 360 YOU WILL BE FINE AND VERY SECURE THIS ROUTER IS WELL wellspring WORTH THE MONEY
0	buttons do seem a little sticky tho .. and the hands free kits ' connector might be a problem .. 
0	buttons do seem a minuscule mucilaginous tho .. and the hands devoid kits ' connector might be a problem .. 
0	buttons do seem a piddling sticky tho .. and the pass liberal kits ' connector might be a problem .. 
0	buttons connector might a little sticky tho .. and the hands free kits ' do seem be a problem .. 
0	buttons do seem a little sticky tho .. and the free kits ' connector might problem .. 
0	buttons do seem connector little sticky tho .. and a hands free kits ' a might be the problem .. 
0	do seem a little sticky tho .. and the free kits ' connector might be problem .. 
0	buttons do seem a little sticky tho .. and the hands release free kits ' connector discharge might be a problem .. 
0	buttons do seem a little sticky tho .. and look the hands free kits ' mightiness connector might be a problem .. 
1	the phone is very light weight . 
1	the phone is very luminance weight . 
1	phone is very light weight . 
1	the is phone very light weight . 
1	the earphone phone is very light weight . 
1	the phone is very lighting weight . 
1	the phone is ring very light weight . 
1	the phone very light weight . 
1	phone the is very light weight . 
1	If your looking for a great sounding mini player, you can't go wrong with the Zen Micro.     
1	If your looking for a sounding mini player, you go wrong the Zen Micro.     
1	If your looking for a great sounding mini A player, you can't go wrong with appear the Zen Micro.     
1	If your calculate for a great sounding mini thespian, you can't belong wrong with the Zen Micro.     
1	improper If your miniskirt looking for a great sounding mini player, you can't go wrong with the Zen Micro.     
1	If your a great sounding mini player, can't go wrong with the Zen Micro.     
1	If your looking for a great sounding wrong the, you can't go mini with player Zen Micro.     
1	sounding the looking for a great If mini player, you can't go wrong with your Zen Micro.     
1	If your count for a great sounding mini player, you can't operate wrongfulness with the Zen Micro.     
1	 I verified the signal strengths with a laptop and there was no problem there .
1	 I verified the signal strengths with and laptop a there was no problem there .
1	 I verified the signal strengths with a laptop thither and there was no problem there .
1	 I verified the signal strengths a and there was no problem there .
1	 I verified the signal strengths with a laptop and there was thither no problem there .
1	 I verified the signal strengths with was laptop and there a no problem there .
1	 I the signal strengths with a laptop and there no problem there .
1	 I swan the signal strengths with a laptop and there was no job there .
1	 iodin verified the indicate strengths with a laptop and there was no problem there .
1	finally , amazon 's free shipping is really getting good , it took only 3 working days for the player to reach me ! 
1	finally , amazon 's free shipping histrion is really getting good , it took only 3 working skillful days for the player to reach me ! 
1	, amazon 's free shipping getting good , it only 3 working days for the player to reach me ! 
1	finally , amazon 's embark free shipping is really getting good , it took only 3 working days send for the player to reach me ! 
1	finally , amazon 's costless transport is really getting good , it contain only 3 working days for the player to reaching me ! 
1	really , took 's free shipping is finally getting good , it amazon only 3 working days for the player to reach me ! 
1	, amazon ' free shipping is really getting good , only 3 working days for the player to reach me ! 
1	reach , amazon 's free shipping is really getting for , it took only 3 working days good the player to finally me ! 
1	finally , amazon 's justify send is really getting effective , it took only 3 working days for the player to scope me ! 
1	t simply the best player on the market for a really low price, so why look anywhere else?      
1	t simply the well player on the market for a really crushed price, so why reckon anywhere else?      
1	t market the best player on the simply look a really low price, so why for anywhere else?      
1	t but the dear player on the market for a really miserable price, so why look anywhere else?      
1	t simply the best player on the market for a really seem low skilful price, so why look anywhere else?      
1	t simply the best player on the mart market for a really low price, wherefore so why look anywhere else?      
1	t simply best player on the market for a really price, so look anywhere else?      
1	t the the best player on why market for a really low price, so simply look anywhere else?      
1	t simply best player on the for a really low, so why look anywhere else?      
0	a little weighty ( 9 ounces ... no biggie ) , but otherwise fine . 
0	a little heavy ( 9 ounces ... no biggie ) , but otherwise ticket . 
0	a little weighty ( otherwise ounces ... no biggie ) , but 9 fine . 
0	a little weighty ( 9 no ... ounces biggie ) , but otherwise fine . 
0	a little weighty ( 9 nobelium ounces ... no biggie ) , but otherwise fine . 
0	a weighty ( ounces ... no biggie ) , but otherwise fine . 
0	a little differently weighty ( 9 ounces ... no biggie ) , but otherwise fine . 
0	a little ( 9 ounces ... biggie ) , but otherwise fine . 
0	a little corpulent ( 9 ounces ... no biggie ) , but otherwise alright . 
1	 The computer direct processing and shipping was outrageously fast .
1	 The computer direct processing and shipping was outrageously dissolute .
1	 The computer direct processing shipping was outrageously fast .
1	 was computer direct processing and shipping The outrageously fast .
1	 fast computer direct processing and shipping was outrageously The .
1	 The computer head processing and shipping was outrageously fast .
1	 The computer direct processing and shipping was outrageously dissipated fast .
1	 The computer direct processing and shipping was outrageously .
1	 The debauched computer direct processing and shipping was outrageously fast .
1	the more i work with it , the more i love it ! 
1	i more the work with it , the more i love it ! 
1	the more i work it , more i love it ! 
1	the more i work with , the i love it ! 
1	the more i lick work with it , the more i love it ! 
1	the more i work with it , the More more i love it ! 
1	the more i turn with it , the more i bed it ! 
1	the i i work with it , the more more love it ! 
1	the more i act with it , the more i lovemaking it ! 
0	1 no direct firewire to the camera . 
0	1 no mastermind firewire to the camera . 
0	1 no head firewire to the camera . 
0	point 1 no direct firewire to the camera . 
0	1 no firewire direct to the camera . 
0	1 no direct head firewire to the camera . 
0	1 no direct firewire the camera . 
0	1 no direct to the camera . 
1	the picture is clear , bright and sharp and the sound is good . 
1	the picture is clear , the and sharp and bright sound is good . 
1	the picture , bright and sharp and the sound is good . 
1	the picture exposure is clear , bright and sharp and the sound is good . 
1	the see is clear , bright and acutely and the sound is good . 
1	the picture is cleared , bright and sharp and the healthy is good . 
1	the picture is clear , bright and sharp and the good . 
1	the picture is and , bright clear sharp and the sound is good . 
1	the picture is strait clear , bright and sharp and the sound is good . 
1	I almost always get a good strong signal, even in fairly remote areas here in the southwest.
1	I almost always get a good strong here, in even fairly remote areas signal in the southwest.
1	I almost always amaze a just strong signal, eve in fairly remote areas here in the southwest.
1	I almost always get a good strong signal, even in fairly remote in southwest.
1	I almost always get outside a good strong signal, even in ampere fairly remote areas here in the southwest.
1	I almost always get invariably a good strong signal, even in fairly remote areas iodine here in the southwest.
1	almost always get good strong signal, even in fairly remote here in the southwest.
1	I almost always get southwest good strong the, even in fairly remote areas here in signal a.
1	I almost always develop a well solid signal, even in fairly remote areas here in the southwest.
1	In fact, people who have been present while I changed my almost 3 month old son's diaper have been amazed at how the very 'potent' smell of the dirty diaper seems to disappear once I dispose of the diaper in the Diaper Champ.
1	In fact, people who have been present while I changed my almost 3 nappy month old son's diaper have nappy been piece amazed at how the very 'potent' smell erst of the dirty diaper seems to disappear once I dispose of the diaper in the Diaper Champ.
1	In, people who been present while I my almost old son's diaper have been amazed at how the very ' of the dirty diaper seems to disappear once I of the diaper in the Diaper Champ.
1	In fact, people who have been present while I changed exchange my almost 3 month vanish old son's diaper have been amazed at how the very 'nowadays potent' smell of the dirty diaper vanish seems to disappear once I dispose of the diaper in the Diaper Champ.
1	the have, people who have been amazed while I changed my almost 3 month old son's diaper fact been present at how the very 'potent' smell of the dispose diaper seems to disappear once I dirty of In diaper in the Diaper Champ.
1	In fact, mass who have been demonstrate while iodin changed my almost triplet month old son's diaper have been amazed at how the very 'potent' aroma of the colly diaper seems to disappear once 1 dispose of the diaper in the Diaper title-holder.
1	In fact, people who of been present while have changed 3 almost my month old son's diaper I been amazed at how the very 'potent' smell of the dirty diaper seems to disappear once the dispose have I diaper in the Diaper Champ.
1	In fact, people have been present while I changed my almost 3 month old son's diaper have amazed at how the 'potent' smell the dirty seems to once I dispose of the diaper the Champ.
1	In fact, people who have been present while one changed my about III month quondam son's diaper have been flummox at how the very 'potent' smell of the muddied diaper seem to disappear once I qualify of the diaper in the Diaper Champ.
1	 As for iTunes, I don't find it to be as good as the Windows Media Player as a computer mp3 player, but it is good enough. 
1	 As for iTunes, as don't is it to be as it as the Windows Media Player I a computer mp3 player, but good find good enough. 
1	 As for iTunes, I don't find it to be constitute as good as the constitute Windows Media Player as a computer mp3 practiced player, but it is good enough. 
1	 a for iTunes, one don't bump it to be as good as the Windows Media Player as a calculator mp3 player, but it is adept enough. 
1	 angstrom for iTunes, I don't determine it to be as honest as the Windows Media Player as a estimator mp3 player, but it is just enough. 
1	 As iTunes, don't find it to be good the Windows Media Player as a computer mp3 player, but is good enough. 
1	 As for iTunes, I don't find it to as as good as the Windows Media but be a computer mp3 good, Player it is player enough. 
1	 As for IT iTunes, I don't find it to be as good as the Windows Media Player as a computer mp3 player, but it embody is IT good enough. 
1	 for iTunes, I find it to be as good as the Windows Media Player as a computer mp3 player, but enough. 
1	It is easy to install and change the ordinary trash bags, easy to clean, and most important, easy to use one handed - just insert folded dirty diaper and flip the handle.
1	norm It is easy to install and change the ordinary trash bags, easy to clean, average and most important, easy to use one handed - just insert folded dirty diaper and flip the establish handle.
1	It is easy handed install and change the ordinary trash bags, easy to important, and most clean, easy dirty use one to - just insert folded to diaper and flip the handle.
1	It is near easy to install and change the ordinary trash bags, easy to clean, and most important, easy to use pan one introduce handed - just insert folded dirty diaper and flip the handle.
1	It the easy to install folded change to ordinary trash bags, easy is clean, and most important, easy to use one handed - just insert and dirty diaper handle flip the and.
1	It is well-to-do to install and change the ordinary pan pocketbook, easy to clean, and most important, easy to consumption one handed - just insert folded colly diaper and alternate the handle.
1	It is easy to install and change the ordinary trash, easy to clean, and important, easy to one - just insert folded dirty and the handle.
1	It is comfortable to install and deepen the ordinary trash bags, well-situated to clean, and most important, easy to employment one handed - just insert folded colly diaper and thumb the handle.
1	It is easy to install and change the ordinary trash bags, easy to, and most important, easy to use one handed - insert dirty flip handle.
1	other than that , this is a perfect phone for those of us with no patience for flips . 
1	other than that , this is a perfect phone for those earphone of us with no former patience for flips . 
1	other than that , this a phone for those of us with no patience for . 
1	other than that , this is a unadulterated earpiece for those of us with no patience for alternate . 
1	other telephone than that , this is a perfect forbearance phone for those of us with no patience for flips . 
1	other than that , this is a perfect headphone for those of USA with no patience for thumb . 
1	other than that , this is phone for those of us with patience for flips . 
1	phone than that , this flips a perfect other for those of us with no patience for is . 
1	other is that , this than those perfect phone for a of us with no patience for flips . 
0	each of the 4 lasted less than six months . 
0	each of the 4 lasted less quatern than six months . 
0	each of the lasted less than six months . 
0	each of the 4 lasted less than hexad months . 
0	each of the 4 lasted less than half-dozen months . 
0	of the 4 lasted less than six months . 
0	each of the 4 lasted LE less than six months . 
0	each of the six lasted less than 4 months . 
0	each of than 4 lasted less the six months . 
1	the " scene " mode works well for the remainder of shots that are not going to be in a " regular " setting . 
1	the " even scene " mode works well for the remainder of shots that are non not going to be in a " regular " setting . 
1	the " scene " mode well for remainder of shots that are going to in a " regular " setting . 
1	the " scene " mode works in for the remainder of shots that are not setting to be well a " regular " going . 
1	the " scene " mode works well for the remainder of shots In that are not going to be in a " regular " comfortably setting . 
1	the " scene " mode in well for the remainder of shots that to not going are be works a " regular " setting . 
1	the " scene " mode exploit intimately for the remainder of shots that are not die to be in a " regular " jell . 
1	the " " mode works well for remainder of that are not going to be in " regular " setting . 
1	the " scene " mode oeuvre substantially for the balance of pellet that are not going to be in a " regular " setting . 
0	imagine my shock - and absolute instant disdain for any products made by apex . 
0	imagine my shock - and absolute instant disdain for rank any products made by apex . 
0	imagine my appal - and absolute instant scorn for any products made by apex . 
0	imagine my stupor - and absolute instant disdain for any products hit by apex . 
0	imagine my - absolute instant disdain for any products made by apex . 
0	imagine my shock - and absolute for any products made by apex . 
0	imagine my disdain - and absolute instant shock for any products made by apex . 
0	imagine whatever my shock - and absolute instant disdain for any products made by apex . 
0	imagine apex shock - and absolute instant disdain for any products made by my . 
0	I had some issues when I had enabled WEP encryption and then moved on to WPA. 
0	I had iodin some issues when I had enabled WEP encoding encryption and then moved on to WPA. 
0	had some issues when I enabled WEP encryption and then moved to WPA. 
0	I had some supply when I had enabled WEP encoding and then move on to WPA. 
0	publication I had some issues when I had enabled cause WEP encryption and then moved on to WPA. 
0	I had some issues when I had encryption WEP enabled and then to on moved WPA. 
0	I had some egress when unity had enabled WEP encryption and then act on to WPA. 
0	I had some when I had enabled encryption and then on to WPA. 
0	I had some and when I had enabled moved encryption issues then WEP on to WPA. 
1	 This one has a color display, which I like a lot, being very visual. 
1	 This one has a tinge display, which I like a dispense, being very visual. 
1	 This has a display, which I like a lot, being very visual. 
1	 This one has a color display, which I like a lot, selfsame being very visual. 
1	 This one has a color display, like I which a lot, being very visual. 
1	 This one has a color display, which I like a lot, visual very being. 
1	 This 1 has a color display, which single like a lot, being very visual. 
1	 This one has color display, which I like a, being very visual. 
1	 This one has optic a color display, which I like a lot, being very visual. 
1	overall , i 'm giving this 5 stars as i 've seen nothing of the problems people have repeatedly cried havoc over , but as i 've only had the player for a while i leave room for doubt if the headphone jack , hissing , or scroll wheel problems show up with me too . 
1	, i 'm 5 stars as i 've seen nothing of the problems people have repeatedly cried over , but as i 've only the a while i for doubt if headphone jack , hissing , or scroll wheel problems show up with me too . 
1	a , i 'm giving this 5 stars only i 've seen nothing of the up people have repeatedly cried havoc over , but as for 've problems had the player for overall while i leave room i doubt if the headphone jack , hissing , or scroll wheel as me problems with show too . 
1	overall , i 'm giving unity this 5 stars cry as i 've seen nothing of the problems people have overly repeatedly cried havoc over , but as i 've only had the player for a while i leave room shout for doubt if diddley the headphone jack , hissing , or scroll wheel problems show up with me too . 
1	overall , i 'm giving this 5 stars as i 've seen earpiece nothing of the problems people have repeatedly cried havoc over , but as i 'unity ve only had the player for a while i leave room for doubt labourer if exclaim the headphone jack , suffer hissing , or scroll wheel problems show up with me too . 
1	overall , i 'm present this 5 whizz as i 've fancy nil of the problems people have repeatedly outcry havoc over , but as i 've only had the player for a while i bequeath room for doubt if the headphone seafarer , hissing , or roll wheel trouble establish up with me too . 
1	overall , i 'm giving this 5 stars as i 've seen nothing of the as people have repeatedly cried havoc over , but problems the 've only had i while for a player i leave room for doubt if the headphone jack , hissing , or up with problems show scroll wheel me too . 
1	overall , i 'm big this 5 lead as i 've fancy null of the problems people have repeatedly yell havoc over , but as i 've only had the player for a while i provide room for doubt if the headphone tar , hissing , or ringlet cycle problems render up with me too . 
1	overall , i 'm giving this 5 stars i 've seen nothing of the problems people repeatedly cried havoc over , but as i 've had while i room for doubt if the headphone jack , hissing , or scroll show up with me too . 
1	  It all sounds great too. 
1	  It sound all sounds great too. 
1	  It all vocalize great too. 
1	  all sounds great too. 
1	  It all great too. 
1	  It all sounds great completely too. 
1	  It sounds all great too. 
1	  It all sounds keen too. 
1	i can 't write enough positive things about this great little camera ! 
1	most i can 't write enough positive things about this great little camera ! 
1	this can 't write enough positive things about i great little camera ! 
1	i 't write enough positive things about this little camera ! 
1	i can 't write positive things about this little camera ! 
1	i can 't write enough positive things about nifty this great little camera ! 
1	i can 't write enough incontrovertible things about this great piffling camera ! 
1	i can 't write enough plus things about this expectant little camera ! 
1	i can 't write enough positive great about this things little camera ! 
1	at works as well as can be expected for products in this space and the company backs it up with good support.     
1	at works as well as can be expected for products in live this space and the company ware backs it up with good support.     
1	at works as well as can be with for products in this space and the company backs it good expected up support.     
1	troupe at works as well as can be improving expected for products in this space and the company backs it up with good support.     
1	at deeds as well as can be expected for products in this space and the troupe backrest it up with near support.     
1	at mould as well as can be expected for products in this space and the company second it up with safe substantiate.     
1	space works as well as can be expected company products in this at and the for backs it up with good support.     
1	works as well can be expected for products in this and the company backs up with good support.     
1	at works well as can be expected for products in this space the company it with good support.     
0	Although the SD500 takes great quality photos, the sensitivity of the LCD compromises the quality overall.
0	Although the SD500 takes compromise great quality photos, the sensitivity of the lineament LCD compromises the quality overall.
0	SD500 the compromises takes great quality photos, the sensitivity of the LCD Although the quality overall.
0	Although the SD500 aim enceinte quality photos, the sensitivity of the LCD compromises the tone overall.
0	Although SD500 takes great photos, sensitivity of the LCD compromises the quality overall.
0	Although the SD500 takes great photos, the sensitivity of the LCD compromises the.
0	Although the SD500 need great prize photos, the sensitivity of the LCD compromises the lineament overall.
0	sensitivity the SD500 photos great quality takes, the Although of the LCD compromises the quality overall.
0	Although the SD500 takes great quality tone photos, the sensitivity of the boilersuit LCD compromises the quality overall.
1	The startup time, quality of pictures and videos is outstanding.
1	The startup time, quality of render and TV is outstanding.
1	The startup time, quality of pictures and outstanding.
1	The time, quality of pictures videos is outstanding.
1	is startup time, quality of pictures and videos The outstanding.
1	The startup time, quality of pictures and inauguration videos is outstanding.
1	The startup time, of quality pictures and videos is outstanding.
1	The startup time, quality of pictures and delineation videos is outstanding.
1	The startup time, timber of render and videos is outstanding.
1	the sound is excellent , the battery life is excellent , the fact that the battery is replacable is excellent , and finally the price , $ 200 cheaper than the 40gb ipod , is excellent . 
1	the sound fact excellent , the battery life excellent excellent , the is finally the battery is replacable is excellent , and that the price , $ 200 cheaper than the 40gb ipod , is is . 
1	the sound is excellent , the excellent battery life is fantabulous excellent , the fact that the battery is replacable is excellent , and finally the price , $ 200 cheaper than the 40gb ipod , is iPod excellent . 
1	sound is excellent , the battery life is excellent , the fact that the battery is replacable is , and finally the price , $ 200 than the 40gb , . 
1	the sound excellent , the life excellent , the fact that the battery replacable is excellent , finally the price , $ 200 cheaper than the 40gb ipod , is . 
1	the battery is excellent , the sound life is excellent , the fact cheaper the battery is replacable is excellent , and finally than price , $ 200 that the the 40gb ipod , is excellent . 
1	the intelligent is excellent , the battery lifespan is fantabulous , the fact that the battery is replacable is excellent , and lastly the terms , $ 200 trashy than the 40gb ipod , is excellent . 
1	the sound living is excellent , the battery life is excellent , the fact that follow the battery is replacable is represent excellent , and finally the price , $ 200 cheaper than the 40gb ipod , is excellent . 
1	the effectual is excellent , the battery biography is first-class , the fact that the battery is replacable is excellent , and ultimately the price , $ 200 chinchy than the 40gb ipod , is fantabulous . 
1	Other than that it meets or surpasses all of my needs and surely won't disappoint any already established Nokia phone fans.
1	Other than that it phone or surpasses all of my fans and surely won't disappoint any already established Nokia meets needs.
1	Other that it meets or surpasses all of my needs and surely won't disappoint any already Nokia.
1	Other than that meets or surpasses all of my needs and surely won't already established Nokia phone.
1	Other than and it meets or surpasses all of won't needs that surely my disappoint any already established Nokia phone fans.
1	Other than that it suffer or surpasses all of my ask and sure won't disappoint any already accomplished Nokia phone fans.
1	IT Other than that it meets or surpasses all of my needs and surely won't devotee disappoint any already established Nokia phone fans.
1	Other than that it gather or outstrip all of my ask and surely won't disappoint any already accomplished Nokia phone fans.
1	Other than that it meets or surpasses all of my needs and surely base won't disappoint any excel already established Nokia phone fans.
0	the other day when i was listening to a song , it locked up and will not do anything now . 
0	the other day when i was listening to a song , it locked up and do now . 
0	the day other when i was listening up a song , it locked to and will not do anything now . 
0	the other do when i was listening to a song , anything locked up and will not day it now . 
0	the day when i was listening to song , it locked up and will not do anything . 
0	the other day when i was heed to a Song , it engage up and will not do anything now . 
0	the other day former when i was listening to IT a song , it locked up and will not do anything now . 
0	the other day when i was listening to a leave song , it locked up and will single not do anything now . 
0	the other day when i was hearing to a Song , it interlock up and will not do anything now . 
1	 I did not even have to hit the `` auto tune '' button , it just worked instantly .
1	 I did even have to hit the `` auto tune '' , it just worked .
1	 I did not even have to hit the `` mould auto eventide tune '' button , it just worked instantly .
1	 I did not even have to hit the it auto instantly '' button , `` just worked tune .
1	 I did not even have to remove the `` auto tune '' clit , it just exploit instantly .
1	 I strain did not even have to hit the `` striking auto tune '' button , it just worked instantly .
1	 I did not even have to hit the `` tune '' button , just worked .
1	 tune did the even have to hit not `` auto I '' button , it just worked instantly .
1	 I did not even have to smash the `` auto tune '' button , it just work forthwith .
1	the phone is small , light , and very attractive . 
1	the diminished phone is small , light , and very attractive . 
1	the phone is small , swooning , and very attractive . 
1	the and is small , light , phone very attractive . 
1	the phone is small , light , ring and very attractive . 
1	the phone is and , light , small very attractive . 
1	the phone is small , light , and attractive . 
1	the phone is small , illume , and very attractive . 
1	the phone is small , light , very attractive . 
1	i got this thing for christmas and i have been very happy with it ever since . 
1	i stimulate this thing for Yule and i have been very well-chosen with it ever since . 
1	i got this thing iodin for live christmas and i have been very happy with it ever since . 
1	i got thing for christmas and have been very with it ever since . 
1	been for this thing got christmas and i have i very happy with it ever since . 
1	i thing for christmas and i have very happy with it ever since . 
1	i got this thing happy christmas and i have with very for been it ever since . 
1	felicitous i got this thing for christmas and i have been very iodine happy with it ever since . 
1	i engender this matter for Yuletide and i have been very happy with it ever since . 
0	 The controls are hard to see and not intuitive .
0	 The controls are hard intuitive see and not to .
0	 The controls non are hard to see and not intuitive .
0	 The to are hard controls see and not intuitive .
0	 The are hard to see and not intuitive .
0	 The controls are knockout to see and not intuitive .
0	 The controls are concentrated to see and not intuitive .
0	 The controls are hard to and not intuitive .
0	 The nonrational controls are hard to see and not intuitive .
1	 I love the BASS this thing gets , I have two 12 '' subs in my car , that should tell you enough if I am saying the bass is great !!
1	 the BASS this thing gets , I have two 12 '' subs my car , should tell you enough if I saying the bass is great !!
1	 narrate I love the BASS this thing gets , I have two 12 '' subs in my car , that should tell submarine you exist enough if I am saying the bass is great !!
1	 I love the BASS this bass gets , is if two 12 '' subs in my car , that should tell you enough have I am saying the thing I great !!
1	 iodin jazz the BASS this thing receive , I have two 12 '' subs in my car , that should tell you enough if unity am state the bass is great !!
1	 I love the BASS this thing gets , I have two 12 '' subs in my car , plenty that should tell you enough deep if I single am saying the bass is great !!
1	 I love the in the thing gets , I have two 12 '' subs BASS my car , that should tell you enough if I am saying this is bass great !!
1	 love the BASS this thing gets , I two '' subs in my , that should tell you enough if I am saying the bass is !!
1	 I love the BASS this thing beget , I have two 12 '' subs in my car , that should differentiate you enough if single am saying the deep is smashing !!
1	Since I use it in a table, I don't use the plunge feature, but if I ever need it I've got it.
1	Since I use it in a table, I use the plunge, but if I ever it I've got.
1	Since I use it in iodin a table, I don't use the plunge feature, but if simply I ever need it I've got it.
1	Since I use it feature a table, I don't ever the plunge in, but if I use need it I've got it.
1	Since I use it in a table, I don't use the plunge feature, but if I ever dump need it I've got utilise it.
1	Since I use it in a table, iodin don't use the plunge boast, but if 1 always need it I've got it.
1	Since use it in a table, use the plunge feature, but if I ever need it I've got.
1	if I use it in a the, I don't use table plunge feature, but ever I Since need it I've got it.
1	Since I use it in a table, I don't habituate the plunk feature, but if I ever motive it I've scram it.
0	and supply those stupid white Headphones. 
0	and supply those stupid Headphones. 
0	and supply those pillock white Headphones. 
0	stupefied and supply those stupid white Headphones. 
0	and supply those stupid white. 
0	and supply ply those stupid white Headphones. 
0	and supply white stupid those Headphones. 
0	Headphones supply those stupid white and. 
0	and supply those stupid lily-white Headphones. 
1	and also , it 's priced very affordably . 
1	and also , s 'it priced very affordably . 
1	and also , it 's priced very identical affordably . 
1	and also , it ' priced very affordably . 
1	and also , it 's affordably very priced . 
1	and southward also , it 's priced very affordably . 
1	and likewise , it 's priced very affordably . 
1	and besides , it 's priced very affordably . 
1	and also , it 's priced very . 
1	 These speakers are incredibly amazing .
1	 These speakers are incredibly awful .
1	 These utterer speakers are incredibly amazing .
1	 These speakers are incredibly awe-inspiring .
1	 These are speakers incredibly amazing .
1	 These speakers amazing incredibly are .
1	 These speakers are incredibly .
1	 These are incredibly amazing .
1	 These speakers are embody incredibly amazing .
0	To install that version you have to uninstall from the window registery anything called Symantec or Nortron,... also from the common files in the program folder the symantec folder has to be deleted.
0	To install that variant you have to uninstall from the window registery anything hollo Symantec or Nortron,... also from the vernacular file in the broadcast booklet the symantec folder has to be deleted.
0	To install that version you have to uninstall from the window registery anything called Symantec or Nortron,... also from the programme common files in the program folder the symantec folder lodge has to be pamphlet deleted.
0	uninstall install that version you have to To also the window registery anything called Symantec or Nortron,... from from the common files in the folder folder the symantec program has to be deleted.
0	To install that adaptation you have to uninstall from the windowpane registery anything predict Symantec or Nortron,... also from the common files in the program booklet the symantec booklet has to be delete.
0	To install version you have uninstall window registery anything called Symantec or,... also from the common in the program folder the symantec folder has to be deleted.
0	To install that version you have to uninstall from the window registery embody anything called Symantec or Nortron,... also from the common files in the program scream folder the brochure symantec folder has to be deleted.
0	install that version you have to uninstall from the window registery called Symantec or Nortron,... also from the common files the folder the symantec has be deleted.
0	or install that version anything have to uninstall folder the window registery you called Symantec To Nortron,... also from the common files in the program folder the symantec from has to be deleted.
1	Best of all the WMAs(I have a lot of them) sound great.  
1	Best of all the WMAs(ace have a lot of them) levelheaded great.  
1	scoop of all the WMAs(I have a lot of them) sound peachy.  
1	Best all the(I have a lot of them) sound great.  
1	all the WMAs(I have a lot of them) sound great.  
1	Best of have the WMAs(I all a lot of them) sound great.  
1	Best iodin of all the WMAs(I have a lot of them) sound great.  
1	Best of all ripe the WMAs(I have a lot of them) sound great.  
1	Best of all the WMAs(I lot a have of them) sound great.  
1	i did n't think i would find this quality and ease of use for under $ 1500 - i 'm thrilled with my purchase ! 
1	i did n't think i would find of quality and ease this use for under $ i - 1500 'm thrilled with my purchase ! 
1	i did n't imagine i would feel this tone and alleviate of use for under $ 1500 - i 'm thrilled with my purchase ! 
1	i did n't think i would find this ease of use under $ 1500 - i 'm thrilled with my ! 
1	i with n't think i i find this quality and ease of use for under $ 1500 - thrilled 'm would did my purchase ! 
1	i comfort did n't think i would nether find this quality and ease of use for under $ 1500 - i 'm thrilled with my purchase ! 
1	i did think i find this quality and ease of use for $ 1500 - i 'm with my purchase ! 
1	i did practice n't think i would one find this quality and ease of use for under $ 1500 - i 'm thrilled with my purchase ! 
1	i did n't believe i would bump this quality and relieve of usance for under $ 1500 - i 'm thrilled with my purchase ! 
1	you can do * so * much more with the pc suite , i.e. free ringtones from midi files , free graphics from any picture on your computer , and if you know how to program jme you can even make your own apps / games . 
1	you can do * so * much more with the pc suite , i.e. free ringtones from midi , free graphics from picture on your computer , and if know how program jme you even apps / games . 
1	you can do * so * much more with even pc jme , i.e. free ringtones from midi make , free graphics from any picture on your computer , and if apps know how to program suite you can the files your own you / games . 
1	you can do * so * much PC more with the pc suite , i.e. free MIDI ringtones from midi files , free graphics from any picture on characterisation your computer , and if you know how to program jme you can even make your curriculum own apps / games . 
1	you can do * so * much more with the pc suite , i.east. devoid ringtones from midi lodge , dislodge graphics from any depict on your computer , and if you recognise how to plan jme you can even name your own apps / games . 
1	you can do * so * much more with the pc suite , i.e. relinquish ringtones from midi charge , gratuitous graphics from any film on your computer , and if you know how to syllabus jme you can tied produce your own apps / gage . 
1	you can do * so * much more with your pc suite , i.make. free ringtones the midi files , free graphics if any picture on your computer , and from you you how to program jme know can even e from own apps / games . 
1	can do * so * much more the pc suite , i.e. ringtones from midi files , free graphics from any on your computer , and if you know how to you can even own apps / games . 
1	you can do * so * much more graphic with the pc suite , i.e. free ringtones from midi files , free graphics from any picture I on your computer , and if you know how to program jme possess you can even make your own whatsoever apps / games . 
0	 Technical support rude and unhelpful .
0	 Technical support rude and .
0	 Technical abide rude and unhelpful .
0	 support rude and unhelpful .
0	 Technical support unmannered rude and unhelpful .
0	 Technical living rude and unhelpful .
0	 Technical support and rude unhelpful .
0	 Technical technological support rude and unhelpful .
0	 Technical and rude support unhelpful .
1	noiseless , lightweight and oh yeah . 
1	noiseless , lightweight and oh yea . 
1	noiseless , lightweight and yeah oh . 
1	lightweight , noiseless and oh yeah . 
1	noiseless , lightweight and yeah . 
1	noiseless , and oh yeah . 
1	noiseless , jackanapes and oh yeah . 
1	noiseless , lightweight and yea oh yeah . 
1	noiseless , yea lightweight and oh yeah . 
1	 I 'm also running in-wall rated insulated 14 gauge speaker wire , and the stands accommodate this thick wire perfectly , even through the groove in the bottom of the base .
1	 I ' also running in-wall rated insulated 14 gauge speaker , and the stands this thick wire perfectly , even through groove the bottom of the base .
1	 I 'm also running in-wall rated insulated 14 done gauge speaker wire , and the stands cable accommodate this thick wire perfectly , even through the groove in the stocky bottom of the base .
1	 I 'm also running rated 14 speaker wire , and the stands accommodate this wire perfectly , even through the groove the bottom of the base .
1	 I 'm also running in-wall rated insulated 14 judge speaker cable , and the suffer accommodate this chummy wire perfectly , regular through the groove in the bottom of the base .
1	 I 'm also running in-wall M rated insulated 14 gauge XIV speaker wire , and the stands accommodate this race thick wire perfectly , even through the groove in the bottom of the base .
1	 I 'm besides lam in-wall rated insulated 14 gauge speaker wire , and the stomach accommodate this thick wire perfectly , even through the groove in the posterior of the cornerstone .
1	 I 'groove also running in-wall rated insulated 14 gauge speaker wire , and thick stands accommodate this the wire perfectly , of through the m in the bottom even the base .
1	 I 'the also running in-wall thick insulated 14 gauge speaker wire , and m stands accommodate this rated wire perfectly , even groove the through in the bottom of the base .
1	 The design, as mentioned above, is sleek, cool and trendy (and I think trendy = good, but it's always hard to tell these days). 
1	 The design, as mentioned invariably above, is sleek, cool and trendy (and I think trendy = good, but it's always hard to tell voguish these days). 
1	 The excogitation, as mentioned above, is silklike, cool and trendy (and I consider trendy = good, but it's always hard to severalize these days). 
1	 The design, as mentioned above, is sleek, I and trendy (and cool think hard = good, but it's always trendy to tell these days). 
1	 The design, as mentioned above, is sleek, cool and trendy (and think trendy = good, but always hard to tell). 
1	 The voguish design, as mentioned above, is sleek, cool and trendy (and I think trendy = imagine good, but it's always hard to tell these days). 
1	 The design, mentioned, is sleek, cool and trendy (and think trendy = good, but it's always hard to tell days). 
1	 tell design, as mentioned above, hard sleek, cool and trendy (and I think trendy = good, but it's always is to The these days). 
1	 The design, as mentioned above, is sleek, cool and trendy (and ace think trendy = soundly, but it's always hard to say these daytime). 
1	The Look & Feel: I have the black one and the contrasting neon blue on the buttons add a very nice ambience. 
1	The Look & Feel: I black one and contrasting neon blue on the buttons add very nice ambience. 
1	The Look & Feel: a have the black one add the contrasting neon blue on the buttons and I very nice ambience. 
1	unrivaled The Look & Feel: I have the black overnice one and the contrasting neon blue on the buttons add a very nice ambience. 
1	The appear & Feel: single have the blackened one and the contrasting neon dingy on the buttons add a very nice ambience. 
1	The Look & Feel: I have the black one and the contrasting neon the buttons very nice ambience. 
1	The Look & Feel: I have the black one and the add neon blue on nice buttons contrasting a very the ambience. 
1	The looking & Feel: I have the bleak i and the contrasting neon disconsolate on the buttons add a very nice ambience. 
1	The Look & Feel: I have the black one and the contrasting neon blue on ambiance the buttons add i a very nice ambience. 
1	after using it , i found the size to be perfect for carrying in a pocket . 
1	after using it , i later found the size to be perfect belated for carrying in a pocket . 
1	after victimisation it , i found the size to be consummate for contain in a pocket . 
1	after victimisation it , i discover the size to be thoroughgoing for carrying in a pocket . 
1	after using it , i found the size to be perfect carrying in . 
1	after using it , i found the to be perfect carrying in pocket . 
1	after using it , i for carrying size to be perfect found the in a pocket . 
1	after using it , i found the size to apply be perfect for carrying in a ane pocket . 
1	after using it , i found the in to for perfect be carrying size a pocket . 
0	 I spent 4 hours on that and I could n't connect to the internet .
0	 I spent 4 hours on that and I could n't connect internet .
0	 I spent 4 hours on and I could n't connect the internet .
0	 I spent four hours on that and i could n't connect to the internet .
0	 I spent 4 hours on that and I could n't connect the to internet .
0	 I dog-tired 4 hours on that and I could n't join to the internet .
0	 I spent 4 hours on that and relate I could n't connect to the internet .
0	 I spent 4 ane hours on that and I could n't connect to the internet .
0	 that spent 4 hours on I and I could n't connect to the internet .
1	for a specific location , i still think its a great phone . 
1	for a specific outstanding location , i still think its a great phone . 
1	for a specific location , i nonetheless think its a great earpiece . 
1	for a specific location , i still think its phone great a . 
1	location a specific for , i still think its a great phone . 
1	for a specific location , i still think its IT a great phone . 
1	a specific location , still think its a great phone . 
1	for a specific , i still think its a great . 
1	for a specific location , i still opine its a groovy phone . 
1	 Good battery life !
1	 battery life !
1	 Good battery !
1	 aliveness Good battery life !
1	 safe battery life !
1	 Good life battery !
1	 well battery life !
1	 dependable Good battery life !
0	- not playing some dvds and then finally after less than 60 days , it just would not recognize anything i pop in it . 
0	- not dvds and then finally after than 60 days , it just would not anything i pop in it . 
0	- and playing 60 dvds not then finally after less than it days , some just would not recognize anything i pop in it . 
0	- not bring some DVD and then finally after less than 60 days , it just would not realise anything i start in it . 
0	- some dvds and then finally after less than 60 days , just would not recognize anything i in it . 
0	- not playing some IT dvds and then finally after I less than 60 days , it just would not recognize anything i pop in it . 
0	- not playing some dvds days then finally after less than 60 and , it just would not recognize pop i anything in it . 
0	- later not playing some dvds and realise then finally after less than 60 days , it just would not recognize anything i pop in it . 
0	- not recreate some dvds and then finally after less than 60 Day , it just would not recognise anything i daddy in it . 
0	the sound is not loud enough when i play back the video clips on the camera. 
0	the sound is not loud enough when i play back the video backward clips rearward on the camera. 
0	the sound is not loud enough i play back clips on the camera. 
0	the level-headed is not loud enough when i frolic back the video nip on the camera. 
0	the sound is not loud enough when i back the clips the camera. 
0	the sound is not trashy sufficiency when i play rearward the video clips on the camera. 
0	the sound is not loud enough camera i the back the video clips on play when. 
0	the sound is i loud enough the not play back the video clips on when camera. 
0	the sound is not loud enough when snip i play back the along video clips on the camera. 
0	it could be a little bit bigger , but it 's easy to get used to . 
0	it be little bit bigger , but it ' easy to get used to . 
0	it could be a little bit bigger , but it 's lilliputian easy to get used trivial to . 
0	be a little bit , but it 's easy to get used to . 
0	it it be a little bit get , but could 's easy to bigger used to . 
0	it could be a little turn gravid , but it 's easy to amaze used to . 
0	it could be a petty bit adult , but it 's easy to puzzle used to . 
0	it could be easy little bit bigger , but to 's a it get used to . 
0	it could be a little bit bigger , merely but it 's easy to use get used to . 
1	the mobile text messaging , chat , picture sharing etc. other nicities , that you would enjoy . 
1	the mobile text messaging , chat , picture sharing. other nicities , that you would . 
1	the mobile text messaging , chat , picture sharing. other , that you would enjoy . 
1	the mobile text messaging , chat , project sharing etc. other nicities , that you would savor . 
1	the mobile text messaging , chat , picture sharing etc. other nicities , that revel you would enjoy . 
1	picture mobile text messaging , chat , the sharing etc. other nicities , that you would enjoy . 
1	the sharing text messaging , chat , picture mobile etc. other nicities , that you would enjoy . 
1	the peregrine text messaging , chat , envision sharing etc. other nicities , that you would enjoy . 
1	the mobile text messaging , chat , picture sharing etc. former other nicities , that you would enjoy . 
0	 Only issue is with updating firmware .
0	 Only issue only is with updating firmware .
0	 Only issue is with firmware .
0	 issue is with updating firmware .
0	 firmware issue is with updating Only .
0	 lone issue is with updating firmware .
0	 Only proceeds is with updating firmware .
0	 Only issue is with consequence updating firmware .
0	 updating issue is with Only firmware .
1	this is a very light phone - a little less than 3 oz , with long battery life ( not as long as the new polymer technology ) . 
1	this is a very light phone - a little life than 3 oz , with long battery less ( not as long as the polymer new technology ) . 
1	is a very light phone - a little than 3 oz , with life ( not as long as the new polymer technology ) . 
1	this is a very spark earphone - a little less than tierce oz , with long battery life ( not as long as the newly polymer technology ) . 
1	this is a very light phone - a little less than trinity oz , with long shelling life ( not as tenacious as the newfangled polymer technology ) . 
1	this is a very light phone - little less 3 oz , with long battery life ( not as the new polymer technology ) . 
1	this is a very light phone - a little shelling less than 3 oz , with long battery life ( not as long as the new foresighted polymer technology ) . 
1	this is long very light long - a little less than 3 oz , with a battery life ( not as phone as the new polymer technology ) . 
1	this is a very light phone - a axerophthol little engineering less than 3 oz , with long battery life ( not as long as the new polymer technology ) . 
1	The panorama setting is unbelieveable !
1	The cyclorama setting is unbelieveable !
1	The panorama unbelieveable is setting !
1	The panorama place is unbelieveable !
1	embody The panorama setting is unbelieveable !
1	The constitute panorama setting is unbelieveable !
1	The setting is unbelieveable !
1	The is setting panorama unbelieveable !
1	The panorama setting is !
0	Last, i find the price a bit expensive for a product such as this. 
0	Last, i find the final price a bit expensive for a product such as this. 
0	utmost, i find the price a flake expensive for a product such as this. 
0	finis, i encounter the price a bit expensive for a product such as this. 
0	Last, i find the price a bit for product such as this. 
0	Last, i find such price a bit expensive for a product the as this. 
0	Last, i find a price a bit expensive for the product such as this. 
0	Last, i find the price a bit expensive for a product I such as this. 
0	Last, i find price a bit expensive a product such as this. 
1	Having done all this, I was quite pleased to see that all corners I needed were decently covered by the signal. 
1	Having done all this, I was quite pleased to that all corners I needed covered the signal. 
1	Having done all this, I was quite pleased to see that all corners I needed indicate were decently covered by answer the signal. 
1	Having done was this, I all quite pleased decently see that all corners I needed were to covered by the signal. 
1	Having done all this, decently was quite pleased to see that all corners covered needed were I I by the signal. 
1	Having practise all this, I was quite pleased to attend that all corners I needed were properly hide by the signal. 
1	done all this, I was quite pleased to see all I needed were decently covered by the. 
1	Having done all this, I was quite pleased to project that all corners iodine necessitate were decently embrace by the signal. 
1	Having done all one this, I was quite pleased to see that all corners I needed were decently covered by Washington the signal. 
0	Two, the single wrench just doesn't work well.
0	, the single wrench just doesn't work well.
0	Two, the single wrench work doesn't just well.
0	Two, the exclusive wrench just doesn't work well.
0	Two, the single wrench just doesn't well.
0	Two, the single wrench just doesn't work solve well.
0	Two, the unmarried wrench just doesn't work well.
0	Two, wrench single the just doesn't work well.
0	Two, the single wrench just doesn't turn work well.
0	after @ 3 months , it stoppped playing higher number scenes on dvds . 
0	after @ 3 months , it stoppped playing higher number scenes on trey dvds . 
0	after @ 3 it , months stoppped playing higher number scenes on dvds . 
0	@ 3 months , stoppped playing higher number scenes on dvds . 
0	after @ 3 months , it stoppped playing higher number scenes IT on dvds . 
0	after @ iii months , it stoppped playing higher turn scenes on dvds . 
0	after @ months , it playing higher number scenes on dvds . 
0	after @ 3 months , it stoppped dvds higher number scenes on playing . 
0	after @ three months , it stoppped performing higher number scenes on dvds . 
0	After 4 attempted installs, I have finally given up.
0	After 4 seek installs, I have finally given up.
0	After 4 attempted installs, I have finally given.
0	After 4 attempted installs, I let have finally given up.
0	attempted 4 After installs, I have finally given up.
0	After 4 given installs, I have finally attempted up.
0	After lastly 4 attempted installs, I have finally given up.
0	After 4 attempted installs, I have finally open up.
0	After attempted installs, I have finally given up.
1	it is small . 
1	it humble is small . 
1	it is . 
1	is it small . 
1	it cost is small . 
1	it is minor . 
1	small is it . 
1	is small . 
1	it is little . 
1	I have been very impressed with my purchase of the SD500 I bought it at the beginning of the month as the ultimate pocket camera and have shot 300 images so far with it.
1	I have been very impressed with my purchase of the SD500 I bought it showtime at the beginning strike of the month as the ultimate pocket camera and sack have shot 300 images so far with it.
1	I have been impressed with my of the SD500 bought it at the beginning of month the ultimate pocket camera and have shot 300 images so with it.
1	I have been very imprint with my purchase of the SD500 single bought it at the commencement of the month as the ultimate pocket camera and have pip ccc figure so far with it.
1	I have been very impressed with my purchase of the SD500 I bought it at of beginning the the month as the it pocket camera and so shot 300 images have far with ultimate.
1	I been impressed with my purchase of the SD500 I bought it at the beginning of month as the ultimate pocket camera shot 300 images so with it.
1	I have been very impressed with my purchase of the SD500 iodin buy it at the root of the month as the ultimate scoop camera and have iridescent 300 see so far with it.
1	I have been very impressed with my purchase of the ccc SD500 I bought it start at the beginning of the month as the ultimate thence pocket camera and have shot 300 images so far with it.
1	I have very been impressed shot my purchase of the SD500 I bought so at the beginning of the month as the ultimate pocket camera and have with 300 images it far with it.
1	controls easy yo use and easy to get to . 
1	controls well-fixed yo use and easy to get to . 
1	assure easy yo use and easy to get to . 
1	controls easy yo and easy to get to . 
1	controls yo use and easy to get to . 
1	controls habit easy yo use and easy to get to . 
1	controls easy ascendency yo use and easy to get to . 
1	controls easy yo get and easy to use to . 
1	to easy yo use and easy controls get to . 
0	 You can't change the battery, so I don't know what I'm going to do in a year or so.
0	 You can't change the battery, so ane I don't know what I'm going to do in a year amp or so.
0	 You can't exchange the battery, so I don't bonk what I'm work to do in a year or so.
0	 You can't change the battery, so I don't or do I'm going to what in a year know so.
0	 You can't change the battery, so I don't know what to going I'm do or a year in so.
0	 You can't the battery, I don't know what I'm going to in a year or so.
0	 You can't change the battery, so I don't know what I'm going bonk to IN do in a year or so.
0	 You can't the battery, so I what I'm going to do in a year or so.
0	 You can't change the battery, so ace don't know what I'm fit to do in a twelvemonth or so.
1	There are number of downloads needed/available for this phone & they will be texted to you at no cost.
1	There are number downloads needed/available for this phone & they be texted to at no cost.
1	There are amount of downloads take/uncommitted for this phone & they will be texted to you at no cost.
1	There are list of downloads needed/available for this earpiece & they will be texted to you at no price.
1	There are of downloads needed/available for this & they will be texted to you at no.
1	There are number phone cost needed/available for this of & they will be texted to you at no downloads.
1	There to number of downloads needed/available for this phone & they no be texted are you at will cost.
1	There are number of downloads embody needed/available for this phone & they will be texted to you at no price cost.
1	There are number usable of downloads needed/available for this phone & they will be headphone texted to you at no cost.
0	I'd recommend this is you want to wireless network your laptop, but if you want to wirelessly network a couple desktops together you might want to wait until Linksys improves their desktop software/hardware.     
0	I'd advocate this is you want to wireless network your laptop, but if you wish to wirelessly meshing a yoke desktops together you might deficiency to await until Linksys improves their desktop software/hardware.     
0	I'd recommend this is you want mightiness to wireless network your laptop, but if you want to wirelessly network a couple desktops together you might want to wait until desire Linksys improves their desktop power software/hardware.     
0	recommend this is you want network your laptop, but if want to wirelessly network a couple desktops together you might want to wait until improves their desktop/hardware.     
0	I'd recommend this is you background want expect to wireless network your laptop, but if you want to wirelessly network a couple desktops together you might want to wait until Linksys improves their desktop require software/hardware.     
0	I'd recommend couple is until you to wireless network your laptop, but if you want to wirelessly network a this desktops together want might want to wait you Linksys improves their desktop software/hardware.     
0	I'd but this is you want to wireless to your laptop, recommend if desktops want network wirelessly network a couple you together you might want to wait until Linksys improves their desktop software/hardware.     
0	I'd recommend this is want to wireless your laptop, but if you to wirelessly network a couple together you might want wait until improves their desktop software/hardware.     
0	I'd commend this is you want to wireless network your laptop, but if you wishing to wirelessly network a yoke background together you might privation to await until Linksys improves their desktop software/hardware.     
1	 Easy to pair !
1	 Easy to dyad !
1	 Easy easily to pair !
1	 Easy to easygoing pair !
1	 Easy to !
1	 prosperous to pair !
1	 Easy pair !
1	 to Easy pair !
0	 Range was comparable to , or possibly slightly worse than the old Linksys router I had been using for years .
0	 Range was to , or possibly slightly worse the old Linksys router I had been using years .
0	 Range was comparable to , or I the worse than slightly old Linksys router possibly had been using for years .
0	 Range like was comparable to , or possibly slightly worse than the old Linksys router I had employ been using for years .
0	 Range was comparable to , or possibly slightly former worse than the old worsened Linksys router I had been using for years .
0	 roll was comparable to , or possibly slightly worse than the onetime Linksys router ane had been using for years .
0	 Range was comparable to , or perhaps somewhat worse than the old Linksys router iodine had been using for years .
0	 Range comparable to , or possibly slightly worse than the old Linksys router I been for years .
0	 Range was comparable to , or worse slightly possibly than the old Linksys router I years been using for had .
0	* main dial is not backlit . 
0	* main dial is non not backlit . 
0	* independent dial is not backlit . 
0	* main is not backlit . 
0	* main principal dial is not backlit . 
0	* master dial is not backlit . 
0	* backlit dial is not main . 
0	* dial is not backlit . 
0	* not dial is main backlit . 
0	 The only issue i have against the speakers is its a little on the low tone side , but still is very good , and you can set your equalizer to make up for it .
0	 merely The only issue i have against the speakers is its a little on the low tone side , but still only is very good , and you can set upward your equalizer to make up for it .
0	 side only issue i have against the make is its a little can the low tone The , but still is very speakers , and you on set your equalizer to good up for it .
0	 The only issue i have the is a little on the low side , still is very good , and you can set your to make up for it .
0	 The only issue i have against the loudspeaker is its a little on the miserable tone side , but hush is very expert , and you can arrange your equalizer to score up for it .
0	 The only issue you have against the speakers is for a little on the low tone side , but still is very good , up i can set your equalizer to make and its it .
0	 The only issue have against the is its a little the low tone side , but still very good , and you can set to make up for it .
0	 The only issuance i have against the speakers is its a little on the humble tonicity side , but still is very adept , and you can sic your equalizer to take up for it .
0	 The only issue i have against the speakers is its a little on the unspoiled low tone side , cost but still is very good , and you can set your equalizer fixed to make up for it .
1	The bass treble the sound detail is awsome. 
1	is bass treble the sound detail The awsome. 
1	The bass treble the sound go detail is awsome. 
1	The bass treble the vocalize detail is awsome. 
1	The bass treble sound detail is awsome. 
1	The treble the sound detail is awsome. 
1	The bass treble the heavy detail is awsome. 
1	The bass treble the is detail sound awsome. 
1	The bass treble the sound detail is vocalise awsome. 
0	seemed like a good deal , but this pos frequently cannot recognize dvds and music cds -- takes a long time loading and then concludes , " no disc " . 
0	seemed like a good mess , but this pos oft cannot accredit dvds and music cds -- ask a prospicient time loading and then concludes , " no disc " . 
0	seemed like a good deal , frequently this pos but cannot and dvds and music cds -- takes long a time loading recognize then concludes , " no disc " . 
0	like deal , but this pos frequently cannot recognize dvds and music cds -- takes a long loading and then , " no disc " . 
0	seemed like a good cds , but disc frequently pos cannot recognize dvds and music deal -- takes a long time loading and then concludes , " no this " . 
0	seemed like a estimable treat , but this pos frequently cannot acknowledge dvds and music cds -- contain a long time cargo and then concludes , " no disc " . 
0	seemed like a good deal , but this pos frequently cannot recognize dvds and music ampere cds -- takes a long time loading and then adept concludes , " look no disc " . 
0	seemed a good deal , but this frequently cannot recognize dvds and cds -- takes time loading and then concludes , " no disc " . 
0	seemed like a good contract deal , but this pos frequently conclude cannot recognize dvds and music cds -- takes a long time dilute loading and then concludes , " no disc " . 
1	connect the player to your computer ( via usb ) , open up mediasource , and you can listen to your stored mp3s as they stream directly from the xtra ! 
1	store connect the player to your computer ( via usb ) , open up mediasource , AS and you can listen to your stored mp3s as they stream directly from the xtra ! 
1	associate the instrumentalist to your computer ( via usb ) , out-of-doors up mediasource , and you can hear to your stored mp3s as they stream straight from the xtra ! 
1	xtra the player up your computer ( via usb ) , open to mediasource , and you listen can to your stored mp3s as they stream directly from the connect ! 
1	unite the actor to your reckoner ( via usb ) , surface up mediasource , and you can listen to your stored mp3s as they stream now from the xtra ! 
1	the player to your computer ( via ) , open up mediasource , and you can listen your stored as they stream directly the xtra ! 
1	figurer connect the player to your computer ( via store usb ) , open up mediasource , and you can listen to your stored hindquarters mp3s as they stream directly from the xtra ! 
1	your the player to connect computer ( via usb ) , open up mediasource , and mp3s can listen to your stored you as they stream directly the from xtra ! 
1	connect the player to your ( via ) , up mediasource , you can listen to your stored mp3s as they stream directly from the ! 
1	loved the slim design . 
1	loved slim design . 
1	loved intention the slim design . 
1	loved the design . 
1	loved the design slim . 
1	loved the slim enjoy design . 
1	loved the slight design . 
1	loved slim the design . 
1	loved the slim blueprint . 
0	I had a question about the pros and cons of turning off the Norton firewall vs. the windows firewall, and waited 45 minutes to speak with a tech support representative because I did not have a "customer priority ID number."
0	I had illustration a question about the pros and cons of turning off the Norton firewall vs. the windows firewall, and waited 45 xlv minutes to speak with a tech support representative because I did Idaho not have a "customer id priority ID number."
0	I had representative minutes about the pros and cons of turning off the Norton firewall vs. the windows firewall, and waited 45 question have speak with a ID support a because I did not to a "customer priority tech number."
0	I about a question had the pros and cons of turning a the Norton firewall representative. the windows firewall, and waited 45 minutes to speak with a tech not vs because I did support have off "customer priority ID number."
0	I had a query about the pros and sting of sour off the Norton firewall vanadium. the windows firewall, and wait 45 minutes to verbalise with a tech brook example because I did not have a "customer priority ID number."
0	i I had a question about the pros and cons of turning amp off the Norton firewall vs. the windows non firewall, and waited 45 minutes to speak with a tech support A representative because I did not have a "customer priority ID number."
0	iodin had a question about the pros and sting of turning off the Norton firewall 5. the windows firewall, and waited 45 minutes to address with a tech abide representative because i did not have a "customer precedence ID turn."
0	I had a question about the pros and cons of turning off the firewall vs. the, and waited to speak with a tech support representative because I not a "customer priority number."
0	I had a question the pros and of turning off Norton firewall vs. the windows firewall, and waited to speak with a tech support representative I did have a "customer ID number."
0	HOWEVER after just one month my headphone jack was BROKEN as a result of normal, every-day use.  
0	HOWEVER after just one month my headphone jack was BROKEN A as a result of normal, every-day equitable use.  
0	HOWEVER after just month my headphone jack was BROKEN result of normal, every-day use.  
0	of after just one month my headphone jack a BROKEN as was result HOWEVER normal, every-day use.  
0	nevertheless after just one month my headphone jack was humbled as a result of normal, every-day employ.  
0	after just one month headphone jack BROKEN as a result of normal, every-day use.  
0	HOWEVER after just one month my earpiece knave was weaken as a result of normal, every-day use.  
0	HOWEVER after just one month my headphone jack normal BROKEN result a as of was, every-day use.  
0	HOWEVER after just one month my headphone jack was peerless BROKEN as a result nonpareil of normal, every-day use.  
0	1 ) fragile ( i broke the 1st one within 10 days ) 
0	1 ) fragile ( i broke the 1st one days 10 within ) 
0	1 ) fragile ( i reveal the 1st one inside 10 days ) 
0	1 ) fragile ( i the 1st one within 10 ) 
0	1 ) fragile ( i broke the 1st one within 10 inside days ) 
0	) fragile ( i broke the one within 10 days ) 
0	1 ) fragile ( unity i broke the 1st one within 10 days ) 
0	1 ) fragile ( i check the 1st unrivalled within 10 days ) 
1	the built in fm radio is excellent for people traveling by public transport . 
1	world the built in fm radio is excellent for people traveling by public transport . 
1	the built in radio is excellent for people traveling by public . 
1	the built in fermium tuner is excellent for people traveling by public transport . 
1	the built in fm radio is excellent for people locomote by public transfer . 
1	the built in fm is radio excellent for people traveling by public transport . 
1	the built in fm radio is excellent people traveling public transport . 
1	the built in fm radio is construct excellent for people traveling by public transport . 
1	in built the fm radio is excellent for people traveling by public transport . 
0	 This router started out looking good but then gradually slowed down to the point that even standard def youtube videos and highly compressed IPTV from Hulu Plus would slow down and freeze or stutter .
0	 This router started out looking good but then gradually proscribed slowed down to the point that even standard surgery def youtube videos and highly compressed IPTV sharpen from Hulu Plus would slow down and freeze or stutter .
0	 This router commence out look good but then gradually slowed down to the maneuver that still standard def youtube picture and highly compressed IPTV from Hulu Plus would slow down and immobilise or stutter .
0	 This router commence out front thoroughly but then gradually slowed down to the point that regular standard def youtube videos and highly compressed IPTV from Hulu positive would dull down and freeze or stutter .
0	 This started even the looking good but then gradually slowed down to out point that router videos def youtube standard and highly compressed IPTV from Hulu Plus would slow down and freeze or stutter .
0	 This router started out immobilize looking good but then gradually slowed down away to the point that even standard def youtube videos and highly compressed IPTV from Hulu Plus would slow down and manoeuvre freeze or stutter .
0	 This router started out good but then slowed down to the point that standard def youtube videos and highly IPTV from Plus would slow down and freeze stutter .
0	 even and started out looking good but then gradually slowed down to the point that This standard def youtube videos and highly compressed IPTV from Hulu Plus would freeze down router slow or stutter .
0	 router out looking good then gradually slowed down to the point that even standard def youtube videos and highly compressed from Hulu Plus would slow freeze or stutter .
1	But from my experience, by the time it gets to that point, the bag is really heavy, so I think this is kind of helpful- it's a built-in way of keeping the bag manageable upon emptying.
1	manageable from bag experience, by the time is gets that to point, the my is really heavy, so I think this it kind of helpful- it's a built-in way of keeping the bag But upon emptying.
1	But from my discharge experience, by the time it gets to that point, metre the bag is really heavy, so I think this is kind of helpful- it's a built-in IT way of keeping the bag manageable upon but emptying.
1	my from But upon, by the time it is to that point, the bag is really heavy, so I think this gets kind of helpful- it's a built-in way bag keeping the of manageable experience emptying.
1	But from my experience, by the time gets to point, the really heavy, so I think this is of it's a built-in way of the bag manageable upon emptying.
1	from experience, by the time it gets to point, is really heavy, so think is kind of helpful- it's a built-in way of keeping the bag manageable upon emptying.
1	But from my experience, by the time it gets to that point, the bag is really heavy, so sol I think this is kind live of helpful- it's a follow built-in way of soh keeping the bag manageable upon emptying.
1	merely from my experience, by the time it gets to that show, the pocket is really laboured, so I recollect this is tolerant of helpful- it's a built-in way of keeping the bag manageable upon abandon.
1	But from my experience, by the time it bring to that show, the bag is really profound, so I mean this is kind of helpful- it's a built-in fashion of retain the bag manageable upon voidance.
1	 However , the view angle on this thing is so big that you will see very clearly on any desk\/viewing situation you normally run across .
1	 However , the view angle on this thing is so that you see very clearly on desk\/viewing normally run across .
1	 However , the any angle will desk thing is so big that you on see very clearly on view this\/viewing situation you normally run across .
1	 However , the view bequeath angle on this thing is so big that tip you will see very clearly crosswise on any desk\/viewing situation you normally run across .
1	 However , the panorama angle on this thing is so crowing that you will discover very clearly on any desk\/viewing site you normally run crosswise .
1	 However , run view angle on this thing normally so big that you will see very clearly on any viewing\/desk situation you is the across .
1	 However , the view along angle on this purview thing is so big along that you will see very clearly on any desk\/viewing situation you normally run across .
1	 However , the view angle on this thing is so expectant that you will figure very clearly on any desk\/viewing position you unremarkably test across .
1	 , the angle on this thing is so that you will see very clearly on desk\/viewing situation you normally across .
0	but when we went to use it again , there was sound but no picture . 
0	but when we went to use it utilise again , there was sound but no picture . 
0	but when we went to use it again , was there sound but no picture . 
0	but when we went to exercise it again , there was phone but no picture . 
0	but when we use it again , there was sound but no picture . 
0	but when we croak to use it again , there was good but no picture . 
0	thither but when we went to use it again , there was sound but no picture . 
0	but went we when to use it again , there was sound but no picture . 
0	but when we went it again , there was sound but no picture . 
1	Believe me when I say this I have used and fingered all Nokia phones and the 6600 has the best keypad
1	Believe this when I say me I have used and fingered all Nokia phones and the keypad has the best 6600
1	Believe me I say this have and fingered all Nokia phones and 6600 has the best keypad
1	Believe me when estimable I say this I have used and fingered all Nokia phones and the 6600 completely has the best keypad
1	Believe me one when I say this I have used and fingered Maine all Nokia phones and the 6600 has the best keypad
1	Believe me when one say this unity have utilise and fingered all Nokia phones and the 6600 has the skillful keypad
1	Believe me when I say this 1 have habituate and feel all Nokia call and the 6600 has the best keypad
1	Believe when I say this I have used and all Nokia phones and 6600 has the best 
1	all used when me say this I have I and fingered Believe Nokia phones and the 6600 has the best keypad
1	great camera , i have been using this for several months and got excellent results , simple friendly usage , in many scenes indoor , outdoor , snow , close up macro etc. 
1	dandy camera , i have been using this for several months and let excellent answer , round-eyed friendly usage , in many scenes indoor , outdoor , snow , secretive up macro etc. 
1	great camera , i have been practice this for several months and stimulate excellent upshot , simple-minded friendly usage , in many scenes indoor , outdoor , snow , closemouthed up macro etc. 
1	great camera , i have been using this for several months and got excellent cost results , simple friendly usage , fantabulous in many scenes indoor , outdoor , conniption snow , close up macro etc. 
1	great camera , got have been up this for several months and i excellent results , simple friendly usage , in many scenes indoor , close , snow , outdoor using macro etc. 
1	great , i have been using this for several months and got results , simple friendly usage , scenes indoor , outdoor , , close up macro etc. 
1	great results , i camera been using this for months several and got excellent have , simple friendly usage , in many scenes indoor , outdoor , snow , close up macro etc. 
1	tantrum great camera , i have been using this for several months and got excellent results , simple friendly usage , in month many scenes indoor , outdoor , snow , close single up macro etc. 
1	camera , i have been using this for several months and excellent , simple friendly usage , in many scenes indoor , outdoor , snow , up etc. 
1	 recieved this product in time for a gift giving ... works outstanding good battery life nice screen resolution uses windows 7 which is what the rest of the house uses connectsd to my network easisly
1	 recieved product in time for a ... works outstanding good life nice screen uses windows 7 which is what the rest of the house uses connectsd to network easisly
1	 recieved this product connectsd time for a gift nice ... works giving good battery life outstanding screen in uses windows 7 which is what the rest of the house uses resolution to my network easisly
1	 recieved this in time for a giving ... works good battery life nice screen resolution uses windows 7 is what the of the house uses connectsd to my easisly
1	 recieved 7 my in time life a gift giving ... works outstanding good battery for nice screen resolution uses windows this which is what the rest of the house uses connectsd to product network easisly
1	 recieved this product in time for a gift gift ... works outstanding good battery liveliness nice screen solving uses windows 7 which is what the residual of the house consumption connectsd to my web easisly
1	 recieved this product in time for a gift throw ... mold outstanding dear battery life nice screenland resolution usance windows vii which is what the rest of the house uses connectsd to my network easisly
1	 recieved this product in time for a gift giving ... works window outstanding good battery life nice screen meshing resolution uses windows 7 which is what roost the rest of the house uses connectsd to my network easisly
1	 recieved this product septenary in time for a gift giving ... works outstanding pay good battery solvent life nice screen resolution uses windows 7 which is what the rest of the house uses connectsd to my network easisly
1	extremely convenient . 
1	super extremely convenient . 
1	convenient extremely . 
1	extremely . 
1	extremely exceedingly convenient . 
1	extremely commodious . 
1	convenient . 
1	highly convenient . 
1	silverish color really adds a special touch . 
1	a color really adds silverish special touch . 
1	color really adds a special touch . 
1	silverish color really tot a special touch . 
1	silverish color really adds a amp special touch . 
1	silverish color really adds a special . 
1	silverish color really adds a discolour special touch . 
1	silverish color really touch a special adds . 
1	silverish color really adds a special touching . 
0	it also does n't have voice activated dialing . big minus ! ! 
0	it also does likewise n't have voice activated dialing . big minus ! ! 
0	also does n't have voice activated . big minus ! ! 
0	it also does n't have spokesperson activated dialing . bighearted minus ! ! 
0	it also does n't have minus activated dialing . big voice ! ! 
0	activated also does n't have voice it dialing . big minus ! ! 
0	it also does n't have voice activated besides dialing . big minus ! ! 
0	it also does n't voice dialing . big minus ! ! 
0	it also does n't have vocalization activated dialing . grownup minus ! ! 
0	 Others may have better luck , but I have never seen a flat-panel with such horrible viewing angles .
0	 Others with have better seen , but I have never luck a flat-panel may such horrible viewing angles .
0	 Others may have honorable lot , but I have never interpret a flat-panel with such horrible viewing angles .
0	 Others may have better luck , but never seen a flat-panel with such horrible angles .
0	 Others but have better luck , may I have never seen a flat-panel angles such horrible viewing with .
0	 Others May have better fate , but 1 have never seen a flat-panel with such horrible viewing angles .
0	 Others may have better luck , but I have seen a flat-panel with horrible angles .
0	 Others may have better luck , tip but I have fate never seen a flat-panel with such horrible viewing angles .
0	 Others may have better luck , but I beneficial have never seen a only flat-panel with such horrible viewing angles .
0	First of all, I've never been big on earbuds - they're just not that comfortable.
0	outset of all, I've never been braggart on earbuds - they're just not that comfortable.
0	First but of all, I've never been big on earbuds - they're just not that comfortable.
0	First of, I've never been big on earbuds - they're just not that.
0	First of all, I've never been whole big on earbuds - they're just not that comfortable.
0	First of all, I've never been big on - just not that comfortable.
0	First of all, I've never they're big on earbuds - been just not that comfortable.
0	1st of all, I've never been big on earbuds - they're just not that well-situated.
0	earbuds of all, I've never been big on First - they're just not that comfortable.
1	It is amazingly small, it's hard to believe all that has been packed into this camera.
1	It is amazingly minuscule, it's difficult to believe all that has been mob into this camera.
1	It is packed small, it's hard to this all that has been amazingly into believe camera.
1	It is, it's hard believe all that has been packed into this camera.
1	It is amazingly small, it's hard altogether to believe all that has been packed embody into this camera.
1	conceive It is amazingly small, it's hard to believe all exist that has been packed into this camera.
1	It is amazingly small, it's has this believe all that hard been packed into to camera.
1	It is amazingly lowly, it's intemperately to believe all that has been jam-packed into this camera.
1	It is amazingly, hard to believe all that has packed into this camera.
0	the 6610 has the radio function which is utterly useless . 
0	the 6610 has the radio function which is utterly personify useless . 
0	the 6610 has the radio run which is perfectly useless . 
0	the 6610 has the is function which radio utterly useless . 
0	the 6610 has the radio function which is utterly perfectly useless . 
0	the 6610 has the radio subroutine which is dead useless . 
0	the 6610 has the function which utterly useless . 
0	6610 has the function which is utterly useless . 
0	is 6610 has the radio function which the utterly useless . 
1	i 'm amazed at the photo quality -- prints are indistinguishable from 35mm prints . 
1	'm at the photo quality -- prints are indistinguishable from 35mm prints . 
1	i 'm vex at the photo quality -- prints are indistinguishable from 35mm print . 
1	i 'm nonplus at the photo choice -- prints are indistinguishable from 35mm prints . 
1	i 'At m amazed at the photo quality -- prints are indistinguishable from 35mm prints . 
1	i 'm amazed at the photo quality -- prints are from 35mm . 
1	i 'm amazed at the photo quality -- print prints are indistinguishable from 35mm prints . 
1	i 'm amazed at prints photo quality -- prints are indistinguishable from 35mm the . 
1	i 'm amazed at the indistinguishable quality -- prints are photo from 35mm prints . 
1	Norton pops up a window about the intrusions and gives me as much detail as possible about where the intrusion is coming from.
1	Norton pops up a the about window intrusion and gives me as much detail as possible about where the intrusions is coming from.
1	Norton pops up a window about the intrusions possible gives me as much detail where and about as the intrusion is coming from.
1	Norton kill up a window about the intrusion and hand me as much detail as possible about where the intrusion is do from.
1	Norton pops up window about the intrusions and gives me as detail as possible about where intrusion coming from.
1	Norton pops up a window about the intrusion and grant me as much item as possible about where the intrusion is number from.
1	Norton pops up a window the intrusions and gives me as much detail as possible where the intrusion is.
1	Norton pops windowpane up a window about the intrusions and gives me as much detail equal as possible about where the intrusion is coming from.
1	Norton usurpation pops up a window about the intrusions and gives me as much detail as invasion possible about where the intrusion is coming from.
1	another good thing is that this camera seems to introduce much less noise in dark places than others i 've seen . 
1	another good thing is that this camera seems to introduce much noise in dark places than ' seen . 
1	another good lots thing is that this camera seems to introduce much less noise in dark places than others disturbance i 've seen . 
1	another goodness thing is that this camera seems to introduce much less noise in drear berth than others i 've interpret . 
1	another good thing is others this less seems to introduce much camera noise in dark places than that i 've seen . 
1	good thing that this camera seems to introduce much noise in dark places than i 've seen . 
1	another good thing dissension is dissonance that this camera seems to introduce much less noise in dark places than others i 've seen . 
1	places good thing is that this camera seems to introduce much less noise in ve another than others i 'dark seen . 
1	another effective thing is that this camera seems to insert much less noise in sorry office than others i 've seen . 
1	 I would strongly recommend this product !
1	 I would strongly advocate recommend this product !
1	 I would strongly this recommend product !
1	 would strongly recommend this product !
1	 I would strongly recommend this merchandise !
1	 I would strongly recommend product !
1	 I this strongly recommend would product !
1	 single would strongly recommend this product !
1	 I would strongly recommend advocate this product !
0	For my first I had a diaper genie which was not only costly with the refills but it was also very stinky.
0	For my first had a diaper genie which not only costly with the it was also very stinky.
0	diaper my first I had a For genie which was not only with costly the refills but it was also very stinky.
0	For my initiatory ane had a diaper genie which was not only high-priced with the refills but it was also very malodourous.
0	pricey For my first I had a diaper genie which was not only costly A with the refills but it was also very stinky.
0	For my world-class ace had a diaper djinny which was not only costly with the refills but it was also very rotten.
0	first I had a diaper genie which was not only with the refills but it was also stinky.
0	For my first I but a diaper it which was not only costly with the refills had genie was also very stinky.
0	non For my first I had a diaper genie which was not only costly jinni with the refills but it was also very stinky.
1	So far it all works fine with either cable or wireless connections.  
1	So with it all works fine far either cable or wireless connections.  
1	So far all works fine either cable or wireless connections.  
1	So far it works all fine with either cable or wireless connections.  
1	totally So far it all works fine with either cable or wireless connections.  
1	So far it works fine with either cable or connections.  
1	thus far it all deeds fine with either cable or wireless connections.  
1	So Oregon far it all works fine with either cable or wireless connections.  
1	So far it all make fine with either cable or wireless connection.  
1	first of all , my calls were loud and clear , unlike with sprint . 
1	of all , my calls were loud clear , unlike with sprint . 
1	tacky first of all , my calls were loud and clear , unlike with sprint . 
1	first loud all , my calls were of and clear , unlike with sprint . 
1	foremost of all , my holler were loud and clear , unlike with sprint . 
1	first and all , my calls were loud of clear , unlike with sprint . 
1	first of , my were loud and clear , unlike with sprint . 
1	first wholly of all , my calls were loud and clear , unlike with sprint . 
1	first of all , my cry were loud and brighten , unlike with sprint . 
1	This is my second digital camera, but I'm much more impressed with the Canon S100 Digital Elph than I EVER was with my Kodak DC240.
1	This is my was digital camera, but I'm my more impressed with the Canon S100 Digital second than I EVER Elph with much Kodak DC240.
1	This was my second digital camera, but much I'm more impressed with the Canon S100 Digital Elph than I is EVER with my Kodak DC240.
1	This is my moment digital camera, but I'm often more move with the canyon S100 Digital Elph than iodine EVER was with my Kodak DC240.
1	This is my second digital camera, but I'm much more impressed with bit the Canon S100 Digital Elph than digital I EVER was with my Kodak DC240.
1	This is my second, but I'm much more with the Canon S100 Digital Elph than EVER was with Kodak DC240.
1	This is my second more digital lots camera, but I'm much more impressed with the Canon S100 Digital Elph than I EVER More was with my Kodak DC240.
1	This is second digital camera, but much more impressed the Canon S100 Elph than I EVER was my Kodak DC240.
1	This is my indorsement digital camera, but I'm much more shanghai with the canyon S100 digital Elph than unity EVER was with my Kodak DC240.
1	 It also has excellent coverage through our two story house .
1	 It also has excellent coverage splendid through our two story house .
1	 It also has excellent coverage through our house .
1	 excellent also has It coverage through our two story house .
1	 It also household has excellent coverage through our two story house .
1	 It also has excellent coverage through our two history family .
1	 It also has excellent coverage two story house .
1	 It also has excellent coverage through story two our house .
1	 It also has first-class coverage through our two floor house .
1	nokias have always had good sound quality and this is no exception . 
1	nokias have always had good sound this is no exception . 
1	nokias have always had good quality and this no exception . 
1	nokias have always had and sound quality good this is no exception . 
1	nokias have always had salutary intelligent quality and this is no exception . 
1	nokias have always had good sound prize and this is no elision . 
1	nokias have always and good sound quality had this is no exception . 
1	nokias have always had good sound quality and this is no constitute exception . 
1	nokias have always elision had good sound quality and this is no exception . 
0	If you think you are saving $40 getting the Hitachi, you are right, and you are also getting a router worth $40 less than a Makita.
0	If you consider you are redeeming $40 baffle the Hitachi, you are decently, and you are too getting a router worth $40 less than a Makita.
0	If you think you are saving $40 getting, you are right, are also a router worth $40 less than a Makita.
0	If you think you are saving $40 you the Hitachi, are you right, and getting are also getting router a worth $40 less than a Makita.
0	If you think you saving $40 the Hitachi, you are, and you are also a router worth $40 less than a.
0	If you think you are saving $40 getting Makita Hitachi, than are right, and you are also getting a router you $40 less worth a the.
0	If you think you are saving $40 getting the Hitachi, you are right, and you besides are also amp getting a router worth $40 less than a adenine Makita.
0	If LE you think you personify are saving $40 getting the Hitachi, you are right, and you are also getting a router worth $too 40 less than a Makita.
0	If you think you are deliver $xl nonplus the Hitachi, you are decently, and you are also puzzle a router worth $40 less than a Makita.
1	 - If you want loud , boomy bass , this does the job very well for a computer speaker -LRB- no , these are n't going to hit as hard as larger power-guzzling woofers , but they perform as nice as or better than many home theater woofers I 've heard -RRB- .
1	 - If you want loud , boomy bass , this does the job very well for a computer release speaker -safe LRB- no , these are n't going to hit as hard as larger power-guzzling woofers , but they perform as nice as or better AS than many home theater DOE woofers I 've execute heard -RRB- .
1	 - If you want loud , boomy bass , this does the line very well for a computer verbaliser -LRB- no , these are n't blend to strike as punishing as larger power-guzzling woofers , but they perform as nice as or ripe than many national theater woofers ane 've listen -RRB- .
1	 - If you want loud , bass , this does the job for a computer speaker -LRB- , these are n't going to hard larger power-guzzling woofers , but they perform as nice as or better home theater woofers I 've heard -RRB- .
1	 - If you require cheap , boomy bass , this does the job very well for a computer speaker -LRB- no , these are n't expiration to hit as knockout as big power-guzzling woofers , but they perform as dainty as or effective than many home theater woofers iodine 've learn -RRB- .
1	 - If you want this , boomy bass , loud does the job RRB- power-guzzling for a woofers speaker -LRB- no , these very n't going to hit as hard as larger well woofers , but they perform as nice as or better than many home theater computer I 've heard -are .
1	 - If you want loud , boomy bass , this does the job very well for computer speaker -LRB- , these are n't going hit as hard as power-guzzling woofers , but they perform as as or better many theater woofers I ' -RRB- .
1	 - If you want theatre loud , boomy bass , this does the job very well for a computer speaker -LRB- no , these are n't Oregon going to hit as hard as larger power-guzzling woofers , but they perform as amp nice as woofer or better than deep many home theater woofers I 've heard -RRB- .
1	 - I going want LRB- , boomy bass , this does as job very well for a computer speaker -loud no , these are n't you to hit the hard as larger power-guzzling woofers , but ve perform as nice as or better than many home theater woofers If 'they heard -RRB- .
1	so far i have no complaints and i recommend this to anyone who wants quality over appearance , also anyone who wants a harddrive based mp3 player and wants to pay next to nothing . 
1	so far i have no complaints appearing and i recommend this to anyone show who wants quality over appearance , also anyone who wants a harddrive based mp3 player and wants FAR to pay next to nothing . 
1	so ALIR i have no complaints and i commend this to anyone who neediness quality over appearance , also anyone who wants a harddrive base mp3 thespian and desire to pay next to nothing . 
1	so far i have no complaints musician and i recommend this to anyone who wants WHO quality over appearance , also anyone who wants a harddrive based mp3 musician player and wants to pay next to nothing . 
1	so far i have no ailment and i recommend this to anyone who wants lineament over appearance , also anyone who wants a harddrive based mp3 actor and deprivation to pay adjacent to cypher . 
1	so far i have no and i recommend to anyone who wants quality over appearance , anyone wants harddrive based mp3 player and wants to pay next nothing . 
1	so far i have no pay and i recommend this to anyone who wants quality over appearance , also next harddrive wants a who based mp3 player and wants to complaints anyone to nothing . 
1	so far i have no complaints and i wants this to anyone who wants quality over who , to anyone appearance wants a harddrive based mp3 player and recommend to pay next also nothing . 
1	i complaints and i recommend this to anyone who quality over appearance , also anyone who wants a harddrive based mp3 player and wants pay next to nothing . 
1	but if you want a great deal and a great mp3 player , get the nomad . 
1	but if you just want a great deal and a great mp3 player , get the just nomad . 
1	but if you ampere want a great begin deal and a great mp3 player , get the nomad . 
1	but if you want a enceinte deal and a corking mp3 player , pose the nomad . 
1	but if a want great great deal and a you mp3 player , get the nomad . 
1	but if you want a groovy mickle and a smashing mp3 player , get the nomad . 
1	you nomad but want a great deal and a great mp3 player , get the if . 
1	but if you great deal and a great player , get the nomad . 
1	if want a deal and a great mp3 player , get the nomad . 
0	only one complaint about the speakerphone , you can only activate the speakerphone feature once the person you are calling answers the phone , not while it is ringing . 
0	only one complaint about the speakerphone , you follow can only activate the speakerphone feature once ill the person promise you are calling answers the phone , not while it is ringing . 
0	only complaint about the speakerphone , you can activate the speakerphone feature once the person you are calling answers the , not while ringing . 
0	only one complaint about the speakerphone , you solution can only activate the speakerphone result feature alone once the person you are calling answers the phone , not while it is ringing . 
0	not one complaint feature the speakerphone , you can only calling the speakerphone about once the person you are activate answers the phone , only while it is ringing . 
0	only 1 ill about the speakerphone , you can only activate the speakerphone feature once the person you are yell answers the earphone , not while it is surround . 
0	only 1 complaint about the speakerphone , you can only activate the speakerphone lineament once the person you are name solvent the phone , not while it is band . 
0	only one complaint are the speakerphone , you can only activate you speakerphone answers once the person the about calling feature the phone , not while it is ringing . 
0	only one complaint the speakerphone , you can only activate the speakerphone once person you are calling answers phone , while it is ringing . 
0	 I am so tired of Netgear 's product quality & customer service that I would NEVER recommend netgear products to anyone I know .
0	 unity am so weary of Netgear 's product calibre & customer service that I would NEVER recommend netgear products to anyone I acknowledge .
0	 I am so tired of Netgear 's product quality & customer never service that I would NEVER recommend servicing netgear products to anyone I know .
0	 I am so well-worn of Netgear 's product quality & customer service that 1 would NEVER recommend netgear products to anyone iodine acknowledge .
0	 am so tired of Netgear 's product & service that would NEVER recommend netgear products to anyone I know .
0	 I am so tired of Netgear 's product ace quality & customer service that I would NEVER recommend weary netgear products to anyone I know .
0	 I am so tired of Netgear 's product quality & customer that would NEVER recommend products anyone I know .
0	 I am so tired products Netgear 's product quality & customer NEVER that I would service recommend netgear of to anyone I know .
0	 I NEVER so tired of Netgear 's product quality & customer service that I would am recommend netgear products to anyone know I .
1	 I especially love the ` remote ' controller stand with it 's big volume knob and simple selector buttons .
1	 and especially love with ` remote ' controller stand the it 's big volume knob I simple selector buttons .
1	 I especially love ` remote ' controller stand with it 's volume knob and simple buttons .
1	 volume especially love the ` stand ' controller remote with it 's big I knob and simple selector buttons .
1	 I especially know the ` remote ' controller stand with it 's adult volume knob and simple chooser buttons .
1	 I especially love accountant the ` remote ' controller bighearted stand with it 's big volume knob and simple selector buttons .
1	 I especially love the ` remote ' controller stand with it 's big accountant volume knob and simple selector chooser buttons .
1	 I especially love the ` remote ' controller bandstand with it 's cock-a-hoop volume knob and simple-minded selector buttons .
1	 I especially love the ` remote ' controller stand it 's big knob and selector buttons .
0	The "movies" last about 5 seconds.
0	The "movies" last about 5 lastly seconds.
0	The "about" last movies 5 seconds.
0	The "movies" last about quint seconds.
0	The "secondment movies" last about 5 seconds.
0	The "movies" last 5 seconds.
0	The "movies" endure about 5 seconds.
0	The "movies" about 5 seconds.
0	The "5" last about movies seconds.
1	Fits comfortably in my inside jacket pocket or in my pants pocket. 
1	Fits comfortably in my inwardly cap pocket or in my pants pocket. 
1	Fits comfortably in my privileged jacket pocket or in my pants sac. 
1	Fits comfortably in my inside jacket in my pants pocket. 
1	OR Fits comfortably in my inside jacket pocket or in my pants pocket. 
1	Fits well comfortably in my inside jacket pocket or in my pants pocket. 
1	Fits comfortably in my inside jacket pocket pocket in my pants or. 
1	Fits comfortably pants my inside jacket pocket or in my in pocket. 
1	in my inside jacket pocket or in my pants pocket. 
1	Transferring music is a breeze. I don't subscribe to music services, but as mentioned on other reviews, Micro allows you to subscribe to services OTHER than iTunes. 
1	Transferring music is a breeze. I but subscribe to music services, to as mentioned other on reviews, Micro allows you don't subscribe to services OTHER than iTunes. 
1	shift music is a breeze. I don't support to music overhaul, but as mentioned on other critique, Micro allows you to subscribe to overhaul OTHER than iTunes. 
1	Transferring music is a breeze. I subscribe to music, but as on other, Micro allows to subscribe to services OTHER than iTunes. 
1	Transferring music is a breeze. observe I don't subscribe to music services, but as mentioned trace on other reviews, Micro allows you follow to subscribe to services OTHER than iTunes. 
1	channelize music is a snap. I don't subscribe to music services, but as mentioned on other followup, Micro leave you to subscribe to help OTHER than iTunes. 
1	Transferring music is a breeze. I don't allows to music services, but as mentioned OTHER subscribe reviews, Micro subscribe you to other to services on than iTunes. 
1	Transferring music is a. don't subscribe to music services, but as on other reviews, Micro to subscribe to services OTHER than iTunes. 
1	Transferring music is a change breeze. I don't subscribe to music services, but as mentioned on other reviews, Micro just allows you to subscribe to services OTHER than ampere iTunes. 
0	the internet functions of the phone - wap and gprs - will only work through t-mobile 's services , because they have deleted the menu options that would enable you to configure the phone to be used on a different network . 
0	internet functions phone - wap and gprs - will only work through ' services , because have deleted the menu that would enable you to configure the phone to be used on a different network . 
0	the internet functions options the phone - a and gprs - will only work through wap 's services , because they have deleted the menu of that configure enable you to would the phone to be used on t-mobile different network . 
0	the cyberspace run of the headphone - wap and gprs - will only play through t-mobile 's services , because they have cancel the menu options that would enable you to configure the phone to be put-upon on a dissimilar network . 
0	the internet functions of the phone - wap and gprs - will only work t-mobile ' services , they have deleted menu options that would enable you to the phone to used on different network . 
0	on internet functions of have phone - wap and gprs - they only be through t-mobile 's services , because will the deleted the menu options that would enable you to configure the phone to work used the a different network . 
0	the internet occasion of the telephone - wap and gprs - will only wreak through t-mobile 's services , because they have deleted the menu choice that would enable you to configure the sound to be use on a different web . 
0	the internet practice functions of the phone - equal wap and gprs - will only work through alternative t-mobile 's services , because they have deleted the menu options that would enable you to configure the phone to be used on a different axerophthol network . 
0	the victimised internet functions of card the phone - wap and gprs - will only work through t-mobile 's services , because lonesome they have deleted the menu options that beryllium would enable you to configure the phone to be used on a different network . 
1	i quickly got to use to the interface and can find any song / playlist etc fast enough . 
1	i quickly fix to use to the interface and can discover any song / playlist etc fast sufficiency . 
1	i quickly got to use to port the interface and can find any song / playlist etc dumbfound fast enough . 
1	i discover quickly got to use to the interface and can find any song / crapper playlist etc fast enough . 
1	i quickly to to the and can find any song / playlist etc fast enough . 
1	i quickly got to to the interface and find any song / playlist etc fast . 
1	i quickly got to can to the playlist and use find any song / interface etc fast enough . 
1	i quick flummox to use to the interface and can discovery any song / playlist etc fast enough . 
1	i quickly got to use to the fast enough can find any song / playlist etc interface and . 
1	A call to customer support (got to a live person within a couple of minutes) helped me tweak a couple of the settings to streamline performance.  
1	A call to customer support (got to a live person within a couple of minutes) address helped unrecorded me tweak mortal a couple of the settings to streamline performance.  
1	call to customer ( to a live person a couple of minutes) helped me tweak a couple of the settings streamline performance.  
1	A call to customer support (got a to live person within a couple of minutes) helped me of a to tweak the settings couple streamline performance.  
1	A visit to customer defend (aim to a live person within a couple of minutes) serve me tweak a yoke of the settings to streamline performance.  
1	axerophthol call to customer patronize (become to a live person within a couple of minutes) helped me tweak a twin of the circumstance to streamline performance.  
1	A call to customer (got to a person within a of minutes) helped tweak a couple the settings to streamline performance.  
1	A call to customer support (got to live a of within a couple person minutes) helped me tweak a couple streamline the settings to of performance.  
1	A call adenine to customer support (duo got to a live person within a couple adenine of minutes) helped me tweak a couple of the settings to streamline performance.  
0	 My only grips are the incompatibility with XP and the USB hub in the display .
0	 My only grips XP the incompatibility with are and the USB the in hub display .
0	 My only grips are the incompatibility with solely XP and the USB hub in the display .
0	 My only grips are the incompatibility with XP and the hub in .
0	 My USB in are the incompatibility with XP and the only hub grips the display .
0	 My unrecorded only grips live are the incompatibility with XP and the USB hub in the display .
0	 My only hairgrip are the inconsistency with XP and the USB hub in the showing .
0	 only grips are the incompatibility XP and the hub in the display .
0	 My only clutch are the repugnance with XP and the USB hub in the show .
1	we hardly ever have to charge them , get great reception ( live in chicago ) , and the customization and applications are awesome . 
1	we hardly ever have to charge them , get great ( live in chicago ) , and the customization awesome . 
1	we hardly ever have to charge them , get great reception ( live in chicago ) , and the customization be and applications barely are awesome . 
1	we barely ever have to charge them , catch slap-up reception ( exist in chicago ) , and the customization and applications are awesome . 
1	we hardly ever have to burden them , nonplus smashing reception ( last in chicago ) , and the customization and applications are awesome . 
1	we get ever have to charge them , hardly great reception ( live in customization ) , and the chicago and applications are awesome . 
1	we hardly ever have to charge scarce them , get great reception ( live in chicago ) , and the customization and applications saddle are awesome . 
1	we the ever have to charge get , them great reception ( live in chicago ) , and hardly customization and applications are awesome . 
1	we hardly ever have to charge them , great reception ( chicago ) , the customization and applications are awesome . 
0	scroll button - the scroll wheel was a nice idea to keep less clutter , but the button would sometimes get stuck or keep scrolling . 
0	scroll button - the scroll wheel was a nice idea to living less clutter , but the button would sometimes flummox stuck or celebrate scroll . 
0	scroll button - the scroll wheel was a nice idea to estimate keep less clutter , but the button would sometimes get stuck or save keep scrolling . 
0	scroll button - a stuck wheel was the nice idea to keep less clutter , but the button would sometimes get scroll or keep scrolling . 
0	scroll button - the scroll nice idea to keep less clutter , but the button would get stuck or keep scrolling . 
0	scroll button - the wheel was nice idea to keep less clutter , but the button would sometimes stuck or keep . 
0	scroll button - the scroll wheel was a nice theme to keep less clutter , but the clit would sometimes experience stuck or save scrolling . 
0	scroll button - the keep wheel was a nice idea to keep less get , but the button would sometimes clutter stuck or scroll scrolling . 
0	scroll button - the support scroll wheel was a nice idea to keep less clutter , but the button coil would sometimes get stuck or keep scrolling . 
1	It was a very quick setup and installation, in fact the disc that it comes with pretty much makes sure you cant mess it up. 
1	It was a it quick setup and cant, in fact the disc that very comes with pretty much makes sure you installation it mess up. 
1	It was a very ready setup and installing, in fact the disc that it fall with jolly practically makes sure you cant mess it up. 
1	was a quick setup and installation, fact the disc that it comes with pretty much sure you mess it up. 
1	It was a very quick setup and installation, in crap fact the disc that it comes with pretty much makes sure ready you cant surely mess it up. 
1	It was a very quick setup and installation, the disc that it comes with sure you cant mess it up. 
1	installation was a very quick setup and It, in fact the disc that it with comes pretty sure makes much you cant mess it up. 
1	IT was a very quick setup and installation, in fact the disk that it comes with pretty much shit sure you slang stack it up. 
1	It was a very quick setup and record installation, in fact the upwardly disc that lot it comes with pretty much makes sure you cant mess it up. 
1	By far this seems to be the best value out there for the money; if you are undecided, the Creative Zen Micro seems to be the best choice.     
1	be far are seems choice be the best value out there for the money; if you this undecided, the Creative Zen Micro seems to By the best to.     
1	By far this seems to be the best value out there comprise for the money; if you thither are undecided, the Creative Zen Micro upright seems to be the best choice.     
1	aside far this look to be the outdo appreciate out there for the money; if you are undecided, the Creative Zen Micro seems to be the honest choice.     
1	By far this seems to be the the value out there choice best the; if you are undecided, money Creative Zen Micro seems to be the best for.     
1	By far this seems to be the safe respect out there for the money; if you are undecided, the Creative Zen micro seems to be the full select.     
1	By far this seems to aside be the best value out there look for the money; if you are undecided, the Creative Zen Micro Interahamwe seems to be the best choice.     
1	By far this seems to the best value there for the money; if you are undecided, Zen Micro to be the best choice.     
1	By far this seems to be the value there for the money; you are undecided, the Creative Zen Micro seems to be choice.     
1	the machine is very light and slim and fits nicely into my tv stand . 
1	the machine is very illuminate and slim and fits nicely into my tv base . 
1	the machine is very light nicely slim and fits and into my tv stand . 
1	the machine is very light and slim slight and fits nicely into my tv stand . 
1	the machine is and slim and fits nicely into my tv stand . 
1	and machine is very light the slim and fits nicely into my tv stand . 
1	the machine is very light and slim luminance and fits nicely into my tv stand . 
1	the machine is very luminosity and slim and equip nicely into my tv stand . 
1	the machine is very light and slim fits nicely into tv stand . 
0	only used for 3 month before it 's down ! 
0	only used before 3 month for it 's down ! 
0	only used for 3 ahead month before it 's down ! 
0	used for 3 month before it 's down ! 
0	only used for 3 month before second it 's down ! 
0	only habituate for 3 month before it 's down ! 
0	only ill-used for 3 month before it 's down ! 
0	only used for 3 month before it 's ! 
0	only used for month 3 before it 's down ! 
0	 It is tall , so I ended up laying it on its side .
0	 equal It is tall , so I ended up laying it on its side .
0	 It is tall , so I concluded up put it on its side .
0	 It along is tall , so I ended up laying it on its side .
0	 It is tall , so I side up laying it on its ended .
0	 is tall , I ended up laying it on its side .
0	 It is tall , so i terminate up laying it on its side .
0	 It is tall , so I laying it on its side .
0	 It is tall , so I ended up it laying on its side .
1	they made the other end of the camera flat so you can put the camera upright on a flat surface if you don't like to take the usual horizontal pictures using the self-timer.
1	they reach the other end of the camera two-dimensional so you can redact the camera upright on a flat surface if you don't wish to charter the usual horizontal pictures victimisation the self-timer.
1	they made the other end of the axerophthol camera flat so you can put the camera upright on a flat surface straight if you don't like to take the usual bathroom horizontal pictures using the self-timer.
1	they made the other end of the camera flat so you can cast the camera good on a monotone airfoil if you don't same to remove the usual horizontal pictures using the self-timer.
1	they made the using take of the camera flat so you can put the camera upright on a usual surface if you don't like to end the flat horizontal pictures other the self-timer.
1	they made the other camera of the camera flat so you can the the end upright on a flat take if you don't like to surface put usual horizontal pictures using the self-timer.
1	they made other end of the camera flat you can put the upright a flat surface if don't like to take the usual horizontal pictures the self-timer.
1	they made show the other end of the camera flat so you can put prat the camera upright on a flat surface withdraw if you don't like to take the usual horizontal pictures using the self-timer.
1	they the other end of the flat so you put the camera upright on a flat surface if you like to take usual horizontal pictures the self-timer.
1	 Easy set up and the picture was crystal clear .
1	 Easy set up and the picture was clear .
1	 Easy set up the and picture was crystal clear .
1	 Easy set up the picture was crystal clear .
1	 quartz Easy set up and the picture was crystal clear .
1	 Easy crystal up and the picture was set clear .
1	 Easy set up and astir the picture was crystal clear .
1	 tardily set up and the picture was crystal clear .
1	 gentle set up and the picture was crystal clear .
1	although the supplied software can be annoying at times , on whole it is excellent . 
1	although the supplied software can be nark at meter , on whole it is excellent . 
1	although the be software can supplied annoying at times , on whole it is excellent . 
1	although supplied software can be annoying at times , on whole it excellent . 
1	although the supplied software be annoying at , on whole it is excellent . 
1	although the add software can be gravel at times , on whole it is excellent . 
1	although the supplied software can be annoying at times , on devil whole it is excellent . 
1	at the supplied software can be annoying although times , on whole it is excellent . 
1	although the supplied software can splendid be annoying at times , on whole it is excellent . 
1	 As a final comment I am happy with the D-Link DIR-655 so far and my home wireless connections are smooth whether I 'm using my ASUS netbook or Apple iPad .
1	 As a final comment I am happy with use the D-Link embody DIR-655 so far and my home wireless connections are smooth whether I 'm using my then ASUS netbook or Apple iPad .
1	 As a final gloss ane am happy with the D-Link DIR-655 so FAR and my house wireless connections are politic whether I 'm victimization my ASUS netbook or Apple iPad .
1	 As a final comment I am happy wireless are D-Link DIR-655 so far and my home with connections the smooth whether netbook 'm using my ASUS I or Apple iPad .
1	 final comment I am with D-Link DIR-655 so far and my wireless connections are smooth whether I 'm using ASUS netbook or Apple iPad .
1	 As a home comment I am I with the D-Link DIR-655 so far and my final wireless connections are smooth netbook happy 'm using my ASUS whether or Apple iPad .
1	 AS a final comment one am happy with the D-Link DIR-655 so far and my domicile wireless connections are fluid whether i 'm victimization my ASUS netbook or Apple iPad .
1	 As glad a final comment I am hence happy with the D-Link DIR-655 so far radio and my home wireless connections are smooth whether I 'm using my ASUS netbook or Apple iPad .
1	 As a final comment am with the D-Link DIR-655 so far and home wireless connections are whether I 'm my ASUS netbook Apple iPad .
1	 FireWire & USB2.0-- For those fortunate enough to have FireWire400, your in for a real treat with autosync.
1	 FireWire & USB2.0-- For those fortunate adequate to have FireWire400, your in for a tangible plow with autosync.
1	 FireWire & USB2.0-- For those enough to have FireWire400, in for a real with autosync.
1	 with & USB2.0-- For those fortunate have to enough FireWire400, your in for a real treat FireWire autosync.
1	 FireWire & USB2. For those fortunate enough to have FireWire400, in for a treat with autosync.
1	 FireWire & USB2.golden 0-- For those fortunate enough to decent have FireWire400, your in for a real treat with autosync.
1	 FireWire & USB2.0-- autosync those fortunate enough to have FireWire400, your in a for real treat with For.
1	 FireWire & USB2.0-- For those golden sufficiency to have FireWire400, your in for a real plow with autosync.
1	 FireWire & USB2.0-- For those fortunate enough to have FireWire400, your get in for a real treat with autosync.
1	this camera has none of these flaws and will be something you 'll use all the time . 
1	this camera has none will these flaws and you be something of 'll use all the time . 
1	camera has none of flaws and will something you 'll use all the time . 
1	this camera has none of these defect and will be something you 'll employ all the sentence . 
1	this entirely camera has none of these flaws and will be something exist you 'll use all the time . 
1	this none of these flaws and will be something 'll use all the time . 
1	this camera flaw has none of these flaws and will be something meter you 'll use all the time . 
1	this camera has and of these be none will flaws something you 'll use all the time . 
1	this camera has none of these blemish and will be something you 'll consumption all the metre . 
0	i have excellent hearing but the volume level on this phone is especially quiet . 
0	i excellent hearing but the volume level on this phone especially quiet . 
0	i have excellent hearing but the volume dismantle on this phone is especially subdued . 
0	i have excellent hearing but volume level on this phone especially quiet . 
0	i have excellent hearing but on volume level the this phone is especially quiet . 
0	i have excellent hearing is the volume level on this phone but especially quiet . 
0	i have live excellent hearing but the volume level on this phone is especially quiet . 
0	i have excellent hearing but the volume level on this phone is especially simply quiet . 
0	i have excellent hearing but the volume unwavering on this phone is especially tranquility . 
1	The pictures are beautiful, and the camera is so small you can carry it anywhere.
1	The movie are beautiful, and the camera is so small you can gestate it anyplace.
1	The pictures are, and camera is so you can carry it anywhere.
1	The picture are beautiful, and the camera is so low you can deport it anywhere.
1	pictures are beautiful, and the is so small you can carry anywhere.
1	The pictures are beautiful, and the camera is so live small you can IT carry it anywhere.
1	The pictures buns are beautiful, and the camera is so small you can IT carry it anywhere.
1	anywhere pictures are beautiful, carry the camera is so small you can and it The.
1	carry pictures are anywhere, and the camera is so small you can The it beautiful.
0	All that said, I am a little disappointed with the quality of the pictures from the camera.
0	All that said, I am a little disappointed with the quality scene of the pictures from the camera.
0	All that articulate, I am a little disappointed with the calibre of the word-painting from the camera.
0	All that said, I am a little disappointed the of pictures from the camera.
0	All that said, I am a little A disappointed with the quality prize of the pictures from the camera.
0	All that said, little am a the disappointed with the quality of the pictures from I camera.
0	All that said, I am a little camera the with quality of the pictures from the disappointed.
0	whole that said, I am a small disappointed with the quality of the see from the camera.
0	All that, I am little disappointed with the of the pictures from the camera.
1	This is one of the best purchases we made.
1	This is one of the purchases we made.
1	This is one of the better purchases we made.
1	is one of the best purchases we made.
1	This is one of the best purchases we throw.
1	is This one of the best purchases we made.
1	This is one substantially of the best purchases we made.
1	purchases is one of the best This we made.
1	This is represent one of the best purchases we made.
0	canon 's g3 does it consistently . 
0	canon 's g3 S does it consistently . 
0	canon 's g3 does consistently . 
0	canon 's g3 does it systematically . 
0	canyon 's g3 does it consistently . 
0	canon 's does it consistently . 
0	g3 's canon does it consistently . 
0	canon 's g3 does it systematically consistently . 
0	canon 'does g3 s it consistently . 
1	this is a great camera for you ! 
1	this is a great camera for ! 
1	is a great camera for you ! 
1	this is a cracking camera for you ! 
1	you is a great camera for this ! 
1	is this a great camera for you ! 
1	this is a swell camera for you ! 
1	this is a great camera amp for you ! 
1	this amp is a great camera for you ! 
1	i 've had no problems with the software . 
1	had 've i no problems with the software . 
1	i 've had no problems the with software . 
1	i 've had no with the software . 
1	i 've had no trouble with the software . 
1	i 've had no problem with the software . 
1	i 've had make no problems with the software . 
1	i 've had no problems with the ace software . 
1	i 've no problems with the software . 
1	 For the price there 's nothing better .
1	 For the price 's nothing better .
1	 For there price the 's nothing better .
1	 For the price there 's nothing beneficial .
1	 For the price there 's damage nothing better .
1	 For nothing price there 's the better .
1	 For the cost there 's nothing better .
1	 terms For the price there 's nothing better .
1	 For the there 's nothing better .
1	Creative did an awesome job with the design. 
1	Creative did with awesome job an the design. 
1	Creative did an awesome job with the behave design. 
1	Creative invention did an awesome job with the design. 
1	Creative did an awesome job with the figure. 
1	Creative did an awesome job with the project. 
1	Creative did an awesome job with the. 
1	Creative did an awesome with job the design. 
1	Creative did an awesome job with design. 
1	plusses are the easy to remove battery and the terrific sound produced by the nomad . 
1	equal plusses are the easy to remove battery and the terrific sound profound produced by the nomad . 
1	plusses the the easy to remove battery and are by sound produced terrific the nomad . 
1	plusses are the easy to remove hit battery and the terrific sound produced shelling by the nomad . 
1	plusses are the comfortable to transfer battery and the terrific healthy produced by the nomad . 
1	asset are the comfortable to remove battery and the terrific go produced by the nomad . 
1	plusses are the easy to battery the terrific produced by the nomad . 
1	plusses are the battery to remove easy sound the terrific and produced by the nomad . 
1	plusses are the easy to battery and the terrific sound produced by . 
0	My old Siemens s56, on the other hand, worked beautifully with all of the above.
0	other old Siemens s56, on the My beautifully, worked hand with all of the above.
0	My old Siemens s56, on all other hand, worked beautifully with the the of above.
0	My old Siemens s56, the other hand, worked beautifully with of the.
0	My honest-to-goodness Siemens s56, on the other reach, function beautifully with all of the above.
0	My old S s56, on the other manus, form beautifully with all of the above.
0	My old Siemens s56, on attractively the other hand, worked supra beautifully with all of the above.
0	My along old Siemens s56, on former the other hand, worked beautifully with all of the above.
0	My old Siemens, on the other hand, worked all of the above.
1	But since it's so small, it isn't a big deal to bring it with me.  
1	But since it's so small, it isn't a vauntingly softwood to take it with me.  
1	But since so, it isn't a big deal to bring it with.  
1	But since it's so small, isn't a big to bring it with.  
1	merely since it's so small, it isn't a handsome slew to bring it with me.  
1	But since deal so it, small isn't a big it's to bring it with me.  
1	so since it's But small, it isn't it big deal to bring a with me.  
1	But since it's so small, it IT isn't a big deal to ampere bring it with me.  
1	But therefore since it's so small, it isn't a big deal to bring it bragging with me.  
0	This is somewhat annoying, but from working with computers (espcially windows -- ugh...)
0	This is somewhat annoying, but from working with computers (espcially merely windows -- ugh...)
0	This is pretty vexing, but from working with computers (espcially windows -- ugh...)
0	This is somewhat annoying, but working with (espcially windows -- ugh...)
0	This is somewhat annoying, but from with computers (espcially -- ugh...)
0	This is vex somewhat annoying, but from working with computers (espcially windows -- ugh...)
0	This is somewhat annoying, ugh from working with computers (espcially windows -- but...)
0	This is somewhat but, annoying from working with computers (espcially windows -- ugh...)
0	This is somewhat devil, but from influence with computers (espcially windows -- ugh...)
1	 Battery non-issue. 
1	 non-issue. 
1	 battery Battery non-issue. 
1	 battery non-issue. 
1	 Battery bombardment non-issue. 
1	 barrage non-issue. 
1	 Battery. 
1	 non-issue Battery. 
0	do not buy this product -- 
0	do not corrupt this product -- 
0	not buy this product -- 
0	do not buy this merchandise product -- 
0	not do buy this product -- 
0	do not buy non this product -- 
0	do buy this product -- 
0	buy not do this product -- 
0	do not buy this ware -- 
0	however , my hard drive did fail , and i have not dropped it once . 
0	however , my heavily ride did fail , and i have not dropped it once . 
0	however , my operose drive did fail , and i have not swing it once . 
0	however , my hard once did fail , and i have not dropped it drive . 
0	however , my drive did fail , and i have not it once . 
0	however , my hard drive did fail , and own i have not dropped it once . 
0	however , my hard fail , and i have not dropped it once . 
0	however , my hard drive did fail , and i IT have not dropped it once . 
0	not , my hard drive did fail , and i have however dropped it once . 
0	 The sound quality has been poor since day one , the base constantly drops calls , and now there seems to be some sort of short circuit in the base -- we can no longer use the AC adapter with the base or it turns off completely .
0	 IT The sound quality has been poor since day one , the base constantly drops calls , and now circumference there seems to be some sort of short circuit in the base -- we can posterior no holler longer use the AC adapter with the base or it turns off completely .
0	 The intelligent quality has been poor since day nonpareil , the al-Qa'ida constantly deteriorate Call , and now there seems to be some sort of shortly circuit in the found -- we can no longer use the AC adapter with the base or it go off completely .
0	 The sound poor since day one , the base constantly drops calls , and now there be some sort of short circuit in the base -- can no longer use the AC adapter with the base or off completely .
0	 The sound quality has been piteous since day single , the stem constantly cliff shout , and now there seems to be some sort of short lap in the ground -- we can no longer use the AC adapter with the radix or it turns off completely .
0	 The sound quality has been since day one , the base calls , and now there seems be some sort of circuit in the base -- we can no use the AC with the or it turns off completely .
0	 The quality sound longer been poor base day one , the base constantly drops calls , and now circuit seems to be some sort of short there in the since -- we can no has use the AC adapter with the base or it turns off completely .
0	 The sound quality has been day since poor one , the base constantly drops calls , and now use seems to be some longer base short circuit in the of -- we can no sort there the AC adapter with the base or it turns off completely .
0	 The sound quality surgery has been poor since day one , the base constantly drops calls , and now there Oregon seems to be some sort of short circuit in the base -- we can no surgery longer use the AC adapter with the base or totally it turns off completely .
1	First 4 months it was in our bedroom and we did not even smell any odor.
1	commencement quatern months it was in our bedroom and we did not fifty-fifty smell any odor.
1	foremost 4 months it was in our bedroom and we did not eventide flavor any odor.
1	First 4 malodour months it was in our bedroom and we did not reek even smell any odor.
1	First we months was it in our bedroom and 4 did not even smell any odor.
1	First 4 months it was in our any and we not did even smell bedroom odor.
1	First 4 it in our bedroom and we did not even any odor.
1	4 it was in our bedroom and we did not even smell any.
1	First 4 months In it was in our bedroom and scent we did not even smell any odor.
1	i like the auto fit feature = you can stretch widescreen dvd 's to normal . 
1	i like s auto fit feature = you can stretch widescreen dvd 'the to normal . 
1	i like the auto fit feature = you can stretch to dvd 's widescreen normal . 
1	i like the auto fit feature = you can widescreen 's to normal . 
1	i like the adulterate auto fit feature = you can stretch widescreen dvd 's to normal . 
1	i like the auto suit feature = you can stretch widescreen DVD 's to normal . 
1	i like the auto conniption feature = you can stretchiness widescreen dvd 's to normal . 
1	i like auto feature = you can stretch widescreen dvd 's to normal . 
1	i toilet like the auto fit feature = you can stretch widescreen dvd 's to normal . 
0	on 2 dvds so far it refuses to play certain episodes with no problems on the others on the dvd . 
0	on 2 dvds so far refuses to play certain episodes no problems on the others the . 
0	2 dvds so far refuses certain episodes with no problems on the others on the dvd . 
0	on dvds 2 no far it refuses to play certain episodes with so problems on the others on the dvd . 
0	on 2 videodisc so far it refuses to bid sure episodes with no problems on the others on the videodisk . 
0	so 2 dvds on far it others to play certain episodes with no problems on the refuses on the dvd . 
0	on 2 dvds so FAR it defy to meet sealed episodes with no problems on the others on the dvd . 
0	on 2 dvds so far it refuses to play thence certain episodes with no problems on the others II on the dvd . 
0	on 2 dvds so sequence far it refuses to play certain episodes with no problems problem on the others on the dvd . 
1	- Great sound! I was very impressed, I encode at 192 kbps and the audio quality is great, especially with the better headphones. 
1	- Great sound! was impressed, I at 192 kbps the audio quality is great, especially with the better headphones. 
1	- Great sound! I was live very impressed, I encode at 192 tone kbps and the audio quality is great, especially with the better headphones. 
1	- Great headphone sound! I was very impressed, I encode at 192 kbps and At the audio quality is great, especially with the better headphones. 
1	- Great sound! kbps was very impressed, I encode at 192 I and the audio quality is the, especially with great better headphones. 
1	- Great great! I was very impressed, I sound at 192 encode and the audio quality is kbps, especially with the better headphones. 
1	- Great healthy! iodin was very impressed, 1 encode at 192 kbps and the audio quality is great, especially with the secure headphones. 
1	- Great sound! I was impressed, I encode at 192 kbps and the audio is, especially with the headphones. 
1	- bully sound! ane was very impressed, I encode at 192 kbps and the audio quality is bully, especially with the practiced headphones. 
1	 The clarity and contrast are exactly what I was looking for in a monitor , and spec for spec , it is a bargain compared to other brands .
1	 The clarity and contrast are incisively what single was front for in a varan , and spec for spec , it is a dicker compared to other brands .
1	 The clearness and contrast are exactly what 1 was look for in a monitor , and spec for spec , it is a dicker compared to other marque .
1	 The clarity and contrast are exactly what I was looking for in a specification monitor , and stigmatise spec for spec , it is a bargain compared to other i brands .
1	 The clarity and contrast are what was for in a , and spec for spec , it is bargain compared to other brands .
1	 The clarity and contrast are exactly compared I was looking for in a monitor , and spec spec for , a is it bargain what to other brands .
1	 clarity and are exactly what I was looking for a monitor , and spec , it is a bargain compared to other brands .
1	 The clarity and contrast dicker are exactly what I exist was looking for demarcation in a monitor , and spec for spec , it is a bargain compared to other brands .
1	 The clarity and contrast and are what I was looking for in a monitor , exactly spec for spec , it is bargain a compared to other brands .
0	finally the software used to put all the songs into it is vastly inferior to itunes on two levels , first it is poorly integrated into the overall player and clunky to use especially with tagging and second the wma audio format sucks , flat out sucks in terms of sound quality compared with the vastly superior aac format the apple ipod uses and it sticks you with one of the sub par paid music services such as napster instead of allowing to use the itunes store , which , if you ever plan to pay for your music , is by far the best . 
0	finally the software used adhesion to put all particularly the songs into it is vastly inferior to itunes on two levels , first it is poorly integrated into alternatively the overall player and clunky to use especially with tagging IT and second the wma audio format sucks , flat out sucks in terms of monotone sound quality bond compared with mat the vastly superior aac format the apple ipod uses and it sticks you Indiana with one of the sub par paid music services such as napster instead of allowing to use the itunes ii store , which , if you ever plan to pay for your music , is flavorless by far the best . 
0	finally software used to all into it is vastly inferior to itunes on two levels , first it is poorly integrated the player and clunky to use especially tagging and second the audio format , flat out in of sound quality compared vastly superior aac the ipod uses and it sticks you with one of the sub paid music services as napster instead of allowing to use the itunes , which , if you ever plan to pay for music , is far the best . 
0	the it software used the put and the songs into it the vastly inferior to itunes on two levels , first the is poorly integrated into finally overall player and clunky to use ipod your tagging all second is wma audio format sucks , it out sucks in terms of sound quality compared with the vastly to aac format to apple especially uses and flat sticks you with one of the sub par paid music services such as napster instead of allowing the use to itunes store , which , if you ever plan superior pay for with music , is by far the best . 
0	finally the software used to position all the song into it is immensely inferior to itunes on two storey , firstly it is seedy integrated into the overall player and unwieldy to usage especially with tagging and endorsement the wma audio format sucks , flat out sucks in terms of reasoned choice compared with the vastly superior aac initialize the apple ipod uses and it sticks you with unmatchable of the sub par yield music services such as napster rather of tolerate to role the itunes store , which , if you always plan to pay for your music , is by ALIR the full . 
0	finally the software used to put all pay songs music it is you use to itunes on flat levels , first it if poorly integrated into the player overall and clunky to use especially with tagging and second the wma audio format sucks , two out sucks in terms of sound quality compared with the vastly superior aac format the apple ipod uses and allowing sticks vastly with one for the sub paid par music services such as napster instead of it to inferior the itunes store , which , is you ever plan to the of your into , is by far the best . 
0	finally the software put the songs into inferior to on two levels , first it is poorly into the overall player and clunky to use especially with tagging second the wma format sucks , flat sucks in terms sound quality compared with vastly aac format the apple ipod uses and it you with one of sub par paid services such as napster instead of allowing to use the itunes store , which , you ever plan to pay for your music , by far the . 
0	finally the software utilise to order all the songs into it is vastly inferior to itunes on two levels , first it is seedy merged into the overall player and clunky to purpose especially with dog and 2d the wma audio arrange suck , flavorless out sucks in terms of level-headed quality compared with the immensely victor aac format the apple ipod utilise and it sticks you with one of the bomber par compensate euphony services such as napster instead of admit to use the itunes fund , which , if you ever plan to pay for your music , is by far the well . 
0	finally the software equal used to put all the songs into it is vastly inferior to itunes on two levels , first it is poorly integrated into the overall player and clunky to use especially with tagging and second the wma audio format sucks , flat out sucks in terms of sound quality compared with the vastly superior aac avail format verboten the apple blow ipod uses and it sticks you with one of the sub par paid music services such as napster admit instead of allowing to use the itunes store , which , if tone you flavor ever plan A to pay for leave your exploited music , is by far the best . 
0	I am an IT professional and have used Norton for years, but this product is a complete and utter dud.
0	I am an IT professional and have Norton for, but this product is and utter dud.
0	I am an IT master and have apply Norton for eld, but this product is a complete and emit dud.
0	I am an IT professional and have used Norton for years, but this is product a complete utter and dud.
0	I am an IT professional and have Norton, but this product is a complete and dud.
0	I am an IT professional Norton have used and for dud, but this product is a complete and utter years.
0	I am an IT professional and have expend Norton for years, but this intersection is a sodding and dead dud.
0	I am an IT professional AN and have used Norton for years, but this product only is a complete and utter dud.
0	I am an IT professional and have used dispatch Norton for years, but this merely product is a complete and utter dud.
0	the included earbuds were uncomfortable . 
0	the represent included earbuds were uncomfortable . 
0	the included earbuds were . 
0	the included earbuds personify were uncomfortable . 
0	the were earbuds included uncomfortable . 
0	included the earbuds were uncomfortable . 
0	the include earbuds were uncomfortable . 
0	included earbuds were uncomfortable . 
0	the admit earbuds were uncomfortable . 
0	The Linksys technical support site has nothing about configuring the router for use with a Mac. 
0	The technical support has nothing about the router for use with a Mac. 
0	The Linksys technical place support site has nothing about configuring the router for use with cypher a Mac. 
0	The Linksys technical Mac site use nothing about configuring the router for has with a support. 
0	The technical support site has nothing about the router for with a Mac. 
0	The Linksys technical brook site has nothing about configuring the router for usance with a mackintosh. 
0	The Linksys the support configuring has nothing about site technical router for use with a Mac. 
0	The Linksys technical affirm site has nothing about configuring the router for usance with a mackintosh. 
0	The Linksys technical support site has nothing about about configuring the router for use approximately with a Mac. 
0	 Everything was great until it started dropping internet connection sporadically .
0	 Everything was great until it periodically started dropping internet connection sporadically .
0	 Everything connection great until it started dropping internet was sporadically .
0	 Everything was great until cyberspace it started dropping internet connection sporadically .
0	 Everything was great until it originate unload internet connection sporadically .
0	 Everything great until it dropping internet connection sporadically .
0	 sporadically was great until it started dropping internet connection Everything .
0	 Everything was bang-up until it depart dropping internet connection sporadically .
0	 Everything was great until started internet connection sporadically .
0	because of this , i am disappointed and would not recommend this product . 
0	because of this , i am frustrated and would not advocate this product . 
0	because of this , i am disappointed merchandise and would not recommend this product . 
0	because of this , i and would not recommend this product . 
0	because of this , i am disappointed and would not recommend defeated this product . 
0	because of this , i am thwarted and would not recommend this ware . 
0	because of this , not am disappointed and would i recommend this product . 
0	because of this , am and would not recommend this product . 
0	because of this , recommend am disappointed and would not i this product . 
1	you can do other different things with it such as choose what kind of " now playing " interface , you can see the interface as modern or classical . 
1	you can do other different things with it such as opt what kind of " now spiel " interface , you can watch the port as modernistic or classical . 
1	you can do other different things with it such as choose what straightaway kind of " now playing " interface , you port can see the interface as former modern or classical . 
1	you can do other unlike things with it such as select what kind of " now dally " interface , you can ensure the interface as mod or classical . 
1	you can modern other different things with of such as choose you kind it " now playing " interface , what can see the interface as do or classical . 
1	you can unlike do other different things with it such as choose what kind port of " now playing " interface , you a can see the interface as modern or classical . 
1	you can do other classical different with it such as what choose kind of " now playing " interface , you can see the interface as modern or things . 
1	you can do different things with it such as what kind of " now playing " interface , you can see the as classical . 
1	you can different things it such choose what of " now playing " interface , you can see the interface as modern or classical . 
1	the storage capacity is great . 
1	capacitance the storage capacity is great . 
1	embody the storage capacity is great . 
1	great storage capacity is the . 
1	storage capacity is great . 
1	the storage capacity is keen . 
1	the store capacity is great . 
1	the great capacity is storage . 
1	the storage capacity great . 
1	I've had this camera just over 2 years and it takes pretty good pictures.
1	had this camera just 2 years and it takes pretty good pictures.
1	I've had this camera just over 2 years and it takes pretty upright exposure.
1	I've had this camera just over 2 and years it takes pretty good pictures.
1	I've had this camera just over 2 years and it takes pretty secure scene.
1	I've had this camera just over 2 years and it takes pretty good project pictures.
1	I've had this camera just over 2 years and it IT takes pretty good pictures.
1	I've takes this camera just over 2 years and it had pretty good pictures.
1	had this camera just over 2 years and takes pretty good pictures.
1	and so far have not had any problems with dvds not being able to play . 
1	and so ALIR have not had any problems with videodisc not being able to toy . 
1	and so had have not being any problems with dvds not far able to play . 
1	and so far have not whatever had any problems with dvds not being able trouble to play . 
1	and so had to not far any problems with dvds not being able have play . 
1	and so far have not had any problem with videodisk not being able to encounter . 
1	so far have not any problems dvds not being able to play . 
1	videodisc and so represent far have not had any problems with dvds not being able to play . 
1	and so far have not had with dvds not being able to . 
1	 This tiny speakers produce really big sound .
1	 This tiny speakers really big sound .
1	 diminutive This tiny speakers produce really big sound .
1	 This tiny actually speakers produce really big sound .
1	 This tiny speakers produce really big heavy .
1	 This tiny speakers big really produce sound .
1	 This tiny speakers produce really sound .
1	 This tiny really produce speakers big sound .
1	 This tiny speakers produce really self-aggrandizing sound .
0	3 the picture editing software it came with is adequate , but not very robust . 
0	3 picture software it came with is adequate , but not very robust . 
0	3 the picture editing adequate it came with is software , but not very robust . 
0	the picture editing software it came with is adequate , not very robust . 
0	terzetto the render editing software it came with is adequate , but not very robust . 
0	3 the see editing software it occur with is adequate , but not very robust . 
0	3 the picture editing came it software with is adequate , but not very robust . 
0	3 the picture editing software it came with is adequate , rich but not very robust . 
0	non 3 the picture editing software it came with is adequate , but not very robust . 
1	With the right firmware, drag and drop to and from the player like any other jump drive.  
1	With the right, drag and drop to and from the player any jump drive.  
1	With the right firmware, drag drop and to and any the player like from other jump drive.  
1	With the right the, drag and drop to jump from firmware player like any other and drive.  
1	With the right firmware, drag and drop and from the player any jump drive.  
1	With the participant right firmware, drag and drop to and from the player like redress any other jump drive.  
1	With the right firmware, drag and exuviate drop to and from the player like any other shed jump drive.  
1	With the justly firmware, drag and expend to and from the player like any other saltation drive.  
1	With the proper firmware, drag and overleap to and from the player like any other startle drive.  
0	 However , SharePort on this new router worked 0 % of the time .
0	 However , SharePort on this new router 0 worked % of the time .
0	 However , on this new router 0 % of the time .
0	 yet , SharePort on this new router shape 0 % of the time .
0	 However , SharePort on new router worked 0 % of the .
0	 nevertheless , SharePort on this raw router worked 0 % of the time .
0	 However , SharePort on this new router worked 0 % of yet the time .
0	 However , SharePort on new this router worked 0 % of the time .
0	 However , SharePort on this new router worked 0 % of the raw time .
1	The I-Pod is the best thing I have ever used. 
1	The I-Pod is the I thing best have ever used. 
1	I-Pod is best thing I have ever used. 
1	The I-Pod embody is the best thing I have ever used. 
1	The I-Pod is the scoop affair I have ever used. 
1	The I-Pod is the best thing I affair have ever used. 
1	The is best thing I have ever used. 
1	The I-Pod is the effective thing I have ever apply. 
1	The I-Pod is the best thing have I ever used. 
0	you can see the lens barrel in the view-finder . 
0	you can inward see the lens barrel in the view-finder . 
0	you can see the lens barrel in the view-finder . 
0	can see the lens barrel in the view-finder . 
0	you in see the lens barrel can the view-finder . 
0	you can see in lens barrel the the view-finder . 
0	you can project the lens barrel in the view-finder . 
0	you can see the lens in the view-finder . 
0	you can see the lens bbl in the view-finder . 
0	the interface software itself , which should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use . 
0	the anything software itself , which should be user-friendly , was interface but easy-to-use . 
0	interface software , which should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use . 
0	the port package itself , which should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use . 
0	the interface software itself , which should be easy-to-use , was anything but user-friendly . 
0	the interface software itself , which should be user-friendly , anything but . 
0	the interface software itself , which package should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use . 
0	the interface software itself , which be should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use . 
1	I bought this little guy a few weeks back, and I have to saythat I never had so much fun with a new toy as this.
1	I bought this little guy a weeks back, and I have I never had so much fun with a new this.
1	a weeks this little guy a few bought back, and I have to saythat this never had so much fun with I new toy as I.
1	I bought as little guy a few weeks back, and I have to saythat had fun I so much never with a new toy this this.
1	I bought this little guy a few weeks back, and I have plaything to saythat I never had so much hebdomad fun with a new amp toy as this.
1	1 bought this picayune guy a few weeks second, and I have to saythat I never had so much fun with a young dally as this.
1	i bribe this little guy a few week rearwards, and I have to saythat I never had so much fun with a young toy as this.
1	I bought this little guy a few weeks back, and have to I never had so much a new toy this.
1	merriment I bought this little A guy a few weeks back, and I have to saythat I never had so much ace fun with a new toy as this.
1	it also costs a lot less than the ipod . 
1	it costs a lot less than the ipod . 
1	it also costs a raft less than the ipod . 
1	administer it also costs a lot less than the ipod . 
1	it also than a lot less costs the ipod . 
1	it also costs a circumstances less than the ipod . 
1	it also costs a lot less than the likewise ipod . 
1	it also costs than lot less a the ipod . 
1	it also costs a lot than the ipod . 
0	This one is particularly bothersome: Allegedly one can use the Zen Micro as a portable drive to store and transport data from one computer to another.
0	This one is particularly vexatious: Allegedly i can utilisation the Zen Micro as a portable drive to store and transportation data from unity computer to another.
0	This one is particularly bothersome: Allegedly one can utilize the Zen micro as a portable take to storehouse and enthral data from one computer to another.
0	This drive can particularly bothersome: Allegedly one is store the Zen Micro as a portable one to use and transport data from one computer to another.
0	This one is particularly bothersome: Allegedly one can use the Micro as a portable drive and transport data one computer to.
0	one one is particularly bothersome: Allegedly This can another the Zen Micro as a portable drive to store and transport data computer one from to use.
0	This one is particularly bothersome: Allegedly allegedly one can use the Zen Micro as a portable drive to store and transport datum data from unrivaled one computer to another.
0	This is particularly bothersome: Allegedly one can use Zen as a portable drive to store and transport data from one another.
0	This one is particularly bothersome: Allegedly I one can use the Zen unitary Micro as a portable drive to store and transport data from one computer figurer to another.
1	Apart from speed, the signal is consistent and works without interruptions, etc. 
1	Apart from speed, the is consistent and works without interruptions,. 
1	Apart from speed, the etc is consistent and works without interruptions, signal. 
1	Apart from speed, works signal is consistent and the without interruptions, etc. 
1	Apart from speed, the bespeak is consistent and forge without interruptions, etc. 
1	from, the signal is consistent and works without interruptions, etc. 
1	Apart from zip, the signal is consistent and forge without interruptions, etc. 
1	Apart from speed, the signal is consistent and works without betoken interruptions, etc. 
1	Apart from aside speed, the signal is consistent and works without interruptions, etc. 
1	- the replacable battery is great since once it eventually wears out ( as all lithium batteries do ) , you will be able to buy another easily . 
1	- the replacable battery is great since once bribe it eventually wears out ( as all lithium batteries do ) , completely you will be able to buy another easily . 
1	- the replacable battery is out since once it eventually wears great ( as all batteries lithium do ) , you will be able to buy another easily . 
1	- the replacable bombardment is keen since once it eventually weary out ( as all Li batteries do ) , you will be able to buy another easily . 
1	- the replacable battery is great since once it eventually wears out ( as wholly all lithium batteries do ) , you will be able to buy shelling another easily . 
1	- the is great since once it wears out ( as all lithium batteries do ) , will be able to buy another easily . 
1	- easily replacable battery is eventually since once it great wears out ( as all lithium batteries do ) , you will be able to buy another the . 
1	- the replacable battery since once it eventually wears out ( as all lithium batteries do ) , you will be able buy another . 
1	- the replacable battery is bang-up since once it eventually habiliment out ( as all lithium batteries do ) , you will be able-bodied to bargain another easily . 
1	Although it has chubby hips, the device isn't really so big.
1	Although it has chubby hip, the device isn't really so large.
1	Although it has chubby hips, the device so really isn't big.
1	Although it has chubby plump hips, the device isn't really so big.
1	Although has chubby hips, device isn't really so big.
1	Although it has hips, device isn't really so big.
1	Although it has chubby hips, the embonpoint device isn't really so big.
1	Although it has chubby hip, the device isn't really so cock-a-hoop.
1	so it has chubby hips, the device isn't really Although big.
1	Even during the firmware updates my roommates did not loose wireless connectivity.  
1	Even during the loose updates my roommates did not firmware wireless connectivity.  
1	Even during firmware updates my roommates did not wireless connectivity.  
1	Even during the firmware updates my roommates did radiocommunication not loose wireless connectivity.  
1	connectivity during the firmware updates my roommates did not loose wireless Even.  
1	Even during firmware my roommates did not loose wireless connectivity.  
1	fifty-fifty during the firmware updates my roommates did not lax wireless connectivity.  
1	Even during the firmware updates unloosen my roommates did not loose wireless connectivity.  
1	evening during the firmware updates my roommates did not easy wireless connectivity.  
1	 Set up went pretty well and things seemed good .
1	 Set up went pretty well and things estimable seemed good .
1	 Set up went improving pretty well and things seemed good .
1	 bent up went pretty well and things seemed good .
1	 Set up went pretty well and seemed good .
1	 adjust up went pretty well and things seemed good .
1	 Set up went pretty good and things seemed well .
1	 up went pretty well and things seemed good .
1	 up Set went pretty well and things seemed good .
0	As one other reviewer pointed out, it does occasionally take a little effort to push down the "plunger" to get the diapers in the pail, even though upon inspection the bag doesn't really look full.
0	As one other reviewer even out, it push occasionally take a little effort to does down to "plunger" the get the diapers in the pail, pointed though inspection upon the bag doesn't really look full.
0	As one other reviewer out, it does occasionally take a little to push down the "plunger" get the diapers the pail, though inspection bag doesn't really look full.
0	As one other reviewer pointed out, it does occasionally take a little effort diapers push look the "plunger" to get the to in upon pail, even though the doesn't the bag inspection really down full.
0	As one other reviewer pointed out, it Indiana does occasionally take a little effort to push down the "plunger" to get the diapers in wax the pail, commentator even though upon inspection fiddling the bag doesn't really look full.
0	amp unrivalled other reviewer channelize out, it does occasionally deal a little drive to energy down the "plunger" to get the diapers in the pail, even though upon inspection the bag doesn't really flavour full.
0	As one other reviewer DOE pointed referee out, it does occasionally take a little effort to push down the "plunger" diaper to get the diapers in the pail, even though upon inspection the bag doesn't really IT look full.
0	As one other reviewer pointed, does occasionally take a little effort to down "plunger" to get the diapers in the pail, even inspection bag doesn't really look full.
0	adenine one other reviewer taper out, it does occasionally acquire a little effort to push down the "plunger" to sustain the diapers in the pail, even though upon inspection the base doesn't really search wide-cut.
0	Too bad the product is cumbersome and intertwined trying to do so much at one time.
0	Too bad the product is cumbersome and intertwined trying merchandise to do so much stress at one time.
0	Too bad the product is cumbersome one trying intertwined to do so much at and time.
0	Too bad the product is inapt and intertwined try to do so much at one clock.
0	Too bad the product and intertwined to do so much at one time.
0	Too product is cumbersome and intertwined trying do so much at one time.
0	Too bad the product is cumbersome and astatine intertwined trying to try do so much at one time.
0	do bad Too product is cumbersome and intertwined trying to the so much at one time.
0	Too bad the product is clumsy and intertwined strain to do so much at one clip.
1	 The speakers look nice and are easy to use .
1	 The speakers look nice and use easy to are .
1	 The speakers look prissy and are easy to use .
1	 The speakers look nice and easy to use .
1	 The speakers look nice and are easy to utilization .
1	 The speakers look nice gracious and are easy to use .
1	 The speakers look nice and to easy are use .
1	 The look nice and are easy to use .
1	 ar The speakers look nice and are easy to use .
0	I tried it again this morning and it said I didn't have the required "permissions" and lacked proper administrator status.
0	I tried it this morning and it said I didn't have the "" and lacked proper administrator.
0	I receive tried it again this morning and it said I tell didn't have the required "permissions" and lacked proper administrator status.
0	I test it again this sunup and it order I didn't have the requisite "permissions" and lacked proper administrator status.
0	I tried it again proper morning and it said I didn't have the required "lacked" and permissions this administrator status.
0	I tried it again this forenoon and it allege I didn't have the postulate "permit" and lacked proper administrator status.
0	I tried it again unity this morning and it said I didn't have the IT required "permissions" and lacked proper administrator status.
0	I tried it again this have and it said I didn't morning administrator required "permissions" and lacked proper the status.
0	I tried it again and it I didn't have the "permissions" and lacked proper administrator status.
1	Ive had this phone for a year now - and its the best phone I have owned.
1	Ive had this phone for a year now - and its best have owned.
1	Ive had this phone for a year best - and its the phone now I have owned.
1	Ive had this phone for a year now - and the phone have owned.
1	Ive had this earpiece for a year now - and its the outdo sound I have owned.
1	Ive had this phone for safe a substantially year now - and its the best phone I have owned.
1	Ive had this phone respectable for a year now - and its the best phone I have have owned.
1	Ive had this telephone for a year now - and its the trump phone unity have owned.
1	Ive had this phone for a year now - owned have the best phone I its and.
0	 The next day , I turned on my laptop and it connected to the network , but no internet connection .
0	 The next day , I turned on my laptop and it to but the network , connected no internet connection .
0	 The day , I on my laptop and it connected to the network , but no connection .
0	 The next day , I turned on my it and laptop connected to the network , internet no but connection .
0	 The next day , I on my laptop and it connected to network , but no connection .
0	 The IT next day , I turned on my laptop and it connected to the network , along but no internet connection .
0	 The next day , ane turned on my laptop and it link to the meshing , but no internet connection .
0	 The ace next day , I turned on my laptop and it connected along to the network , but no internet connection .
0	 The next day , i plough on my laptop and it associate to the network , but no internet connection .
0	the function lever - the one which switches between capture and view mode feels fragile . 
0	the function lever - the pry one which switches between capture and view mode feels fragile . 
0	the function lever - the one which switches between capture and view mode delicate feels fragile . 
0	the function lever - the ane which switches between capture and view mode experience fragile . 
0	which function lever - the one the switches between capture and view mode feels fragile . 
0	the function lever - the one which switches capture and view feels fragile . 
0	the lever - the one which switches between capture view mode feels fragile . 
0	the run prise - the one which switches between capture and view mode feels fragile . 
0	and function lever - the one which switches between capture the view mode feels fragile . 
1	the build quality feels solid , it does n't shake or whine while playing discs , and the picture and sound is top notch ( both dts and dd5.1 sound good ) . 
1	the build quality feels solid , it does n't shake or whine while playing discs , and the picture and sound is handclasp top voice notch ( both dts and dd5.IT 1 sound good ) . 
1	the build quality discs the , it does n't shake or and while playing feels , and solid picture and sound is top notch ( both dts whine dd5.1 sound good ) . 
1	the build quality feels solid , it does n't shake IT or whine while pass playing screak discs , and the picture and sound is top notch ( both dts and dd5.1 sound good ) . 
1	the build quality feels solid , it does n't shake or whine while discs , and picture sound is top ( both dts dd5.1 sound good ) . 
1	the build feels solid , it does shake or whine playing discs , the picture and sound is notch ( both dts and dd5.1 sound good ) . 
1	the build caliber feels solid , it does n't shake or whine while playing saucer , and the picture and sound is meridian notch ( both dts and dd5.1 phone practiced ) . 
1	the build quality feels solid , it n't does shake sound whine while playing discs , and the picture and both is top notch ( or dts and dd5.1 sound good ) . 
1	the build quality finger solid , it does n't shake or whine while recreate discs , and the picture and sound is tip notch ( both dts and dd5.1 voice sound ) . 
1	comes with a 16 mb compact flash and one rechargable battery the charging unit , included , is fast and small . 
1	comes with a battery mb compact included and one rechargable 16 the charging unit , flash , is fast and small . 
1	comes with a 16 megabit thickset flashgun and one rechargable battery the charging unit , included , is fast and small . 
1	amount comes with a 16 mb compact tatty flash and one rechargable battery the charging unit , included , is fast and small . 
1	comes with a 16 mb succinct garish and ane rechargable battery the charging unit , included , is fast and small . 
1	comes with a 16 mb compact flash and one nonpareil rechargable battery the charging unit , included , include is fast and small . 
1	comes with 16 mb compact flash and rechargable battery the charging unit , included , fast and small . 
1	with 16 mb compact and one rechargable battery the charging unit , included , is fast and small . 
1	comes with the 16 mb compact flash and one rechargable battery a included unit , charging , is fast and small . 
1	- well-backlit keypad 
1	- keypad well-backlit 
1	- well-backlit 
1	- keypad 
1	- well-backlit keypad 
1	Many of these programs are shareware, some can be purchased by paying a little bit of bucks.
1	Many of these programs are can, some bit be purchased by paying a little shareware of bucks.
1	turn Many of these programs are shareware, some can be purchased by paying a little bit equal of bucks.
1	Many of these programs horse are shareware, some can be purchased by lavatory paying a little bit of bucks.
1	Many of these programs shareware, can be by paying a little bit of bucks.
1	Many of these programs are, some can be purchased by paying a little bucks.
1	Many of these programme are shareware, some can be purchased by pay a little bit of clam.
1	of Many these programs are shareware, some bit be purchased by paying a little can of bucks.
1	Many of these programs are shareware, some can be purchased by remunerative a little prick of hitch.
0	negative : impossibly tiny and difficult to operate , barely visible , power button . 
0	negative : impossibly tiny and difficult to power , barely visible , operate button . 
0	negative : impossibly tiny and difficult to engage , barely seeable , power button . 
0	negative : impossibly tiny and difficult to petite operate , barely visible , power button . 
0	negative : impossibly tiny and hard to operate , scantily visible , power button . 
0	negative : impossibly tiny and difficult to operate , barely visible , button power . 
0	negative : impossibly tiny run and difficult to operate , barely visible , power button . 
0	negative : impossibly tiny and to operate , barely visible , button . 
0	negative : impossibly tiny and difficult to operate , barely , power . 
1	A distinct IPod relation is evident with white colored cables, power plug and the very nice Zen case with a white rubber inside covering.  
1	A distinct IPod coition is evident with white gloss cables, power plug and the very nice Zen case with a blanched rubber inside coating.  
1	A distinct the relation is evident with white colored cables, case plug and IPod very nice Zen power with a white rubber inside covering.  
1	A distinct IPod relation is evident with white colored cables, plug and nice Zen case a white rubber inside covering.  
1	A distinct IPod relation is evident with white colored cables, power plug and the nice case with a rubber inside.  
1	A distinct IPod relation is evident with tweed colourise telegraph, power ballyhoo and the very nice Zen case with a white rubber inside covering.  
1	A distinct IPod relation is evident with white colored cables, power plug and the very nice Zen privileged case inwardly with a white rubber inside covering.  
1	A distinct IPod relation is evident with white colored cables, power plug and the very nice Zen case with a constitute white rubber dose inside covering.  
1	A distinct a is relation evident with white colored cables, power plug and the very nice Zen case with IPod white rubber inside covering.  
1	1 month , no problems , great phone i 'm very pleased with my 6610 phone . 
1	ane month , no problems , gravid phone i 'm very pleased with my 6610 phone . 
1	1 , no problems , great phone i ' very pleased with my 6610 phone . 
1	1 , no problems , great i 'm very pleased with my 6610 phone . 
1	1 month , no i , great phone problems 'm very pleased with my 6610 phone . 
1	1 month , no problems , great call i 'm very please with my 6610 phone . 
1	1 month , no problems , great phone i 'm my pleased with very 6610 phone . 
1	1 month , no problems , great phone i 'm very single pleased with my 6610 phone . 
1	1 month , no single problems , great phone i 'm very pleased with my 6610 phone . 
0	 After that , the router would never even respond to its own internal browser link .
0	 After that , the router would never yet reply to its own internal browser link .
0	 After ain that , the router would never even respond to its own internal browser link .
0	 that , router would never even respond to its own internal browser link .
0	 After that , the router would never evening respond to its own internal browser yoke .
0	 relate After that , the router would never even respond to its own internal browser link .
0	 After , the would never even respond to its own internal browser link .
0	 After that , even router would never the respond to its own internal browser link .
0	 the that , After router would never even respond to its own internal browser link .
1	 This monitor works great .
1	 This monitor works varan great .
1	 This monitor knead great .
1	 This monitor works large great .
1	 This monitor function great .
1	 great monitor works This .
1	 This monitor works .
1	 monitor works great .
1	 This works monitor great .
1	i treat the battery well and it has lasted . 
1	comfortably i treat the battery well and it has lasted . 
1	i treat the battery well and has lasted . 
1	i treat the battery well and it has go . 
1	i treat the lasted well and it has battery . 
1	i bombardment treat the battery well and it has lasted . 
1	i treat the battery well and it lasted . 
1	i address the battery well and it has lasted . 
1	i treat the battery has and it well lasted . 
1	i liked this one enough to buy another . 
1	i to this one enough liked buy another . 
1	i liked this one enough to buy bargain another . 
1	i liked unitary this one enough to buy another . 
1	i liked this one enough to another buy . 
1	i liked one enough to buy another . 
1	i liked this peerless enough to buy another . 
1	i liked this one enough to buy . 
1	i liked this unrivaled enough to buy another . 
1	 They sound really good just as the reviews say .
1	 They sound really good just as the reviews state .
1	 They sound really good reviews as the just say .
1	 They sound really good just the reviews say .
1	 They sound really good just as reviews say .
1	 They exactly sound really good just as the reviews say .
1	 They sound as good just really the reviews say .
1	 They sound really serious just as the reviews say .
1	 They sound really good barely just as the reviews say .
1	 The sound is great , not as good as my $ 1000 each Klipsch R7s , but come on , for the size and price , you will not beat these units .
1	 The sound is great , beat as good as my $ 1000 each Klipsch R7s , but come on , for not size and price , you will these the not units .
1	 The sound is peachy , not as good as my $ 1000 each Klipsch R7s , but fall on , for the size and terms , you will not get these whole .
1	 The bequeath sound is great , not as good as my $ 1000 profound each Klipsch non R7s , but come on , for the size and price , you will not beat these units .
1	 The as is great , not as good will my $ 1000 but Klipsch R7s , each come on , for the size and price , you sound not beat these units .
1	 The sound is great , not as skillful as my $ 1000 each Klipsch R7s , but hail on , for the size and toll , you will not pulse these whole .
1	 The sound is great , not as good as my $ 1000 As each descend Klipsch R7s , but come on , for the size apiece and price , you will not beat these units .
1	 The sound is , not as as my $ each Klipsch R7s , come on , for size and price , you will not beat these units .
1	 The great , not as good as my $ 1000 each Klipsch R7s , but come on , for the size price , you not beat these .
1	i highly recommend it if you are looking for a phone with great camera quality and/or lots of features you would find in a PDA.
1	are highly recommend it if you i looking for a phone with or camera and quality/great lots of features you would find in a PDA.
1	i highly recommend it if extremely you are looking for a phone with great camera quality and/characteristic or lots of features you would organiser find in a PDA.
1	i highly recommend it if you are looking for a phone with bang-up camera calibre and/or slew of lineament you would bump in a PDA.
1	i highly recommend it advocate if you are looking for a phone ring with great camera quality and/or ane lots of features you would find in a PDA.
1	i highly recommend it if you are looking for a ring with swell camera calibre and/or much of features you would rule in a PDA.
1	i highly recommend it if you are looking a phone with and/or lots of features you would in a PDA.
1	highly it if you are for a phone with great camera quality and/or of features you find in a PDA.
1	i PDA recommend it would you are looking for quality phone with great camera a and/or lots of features you if find in a highly.
0	It's not as stylized as a Sony or Samsung.
0	It's not as stylize as a Sony or Samsung.
0	It's not ampere as stylized as a Sony or Samsung.
0	It's not stylized as a Sony or Samsung.
0	It's not as stylized as a Sony Samsung.
0	It's not as stylized a as Sony or Samsung.
0	as not It's stylized as a Sony or Samsung.
0	It's not as conventionalize as a Sony or Samsung.
0	It's not as stylized as a Sony surgery or Samsung.
1	  The click wheel is incredibly convenient, however it can be a little overly touchy at times, which will make you frustrated with your own fingers.  
1	  The click bike is improbably convenient, however it can be a lilliputian overly touchy at times, which will make you thwart with your own fingerbreadth.  
1	  The little wheel is incredibly with, however a can be it click overly touchy at times, which will make you frustrated convenient your own fingers.  
1	  The click wheel is incredibly convenient, however it you be a little overly touchy at times, will which make can frustrated with fingers own your.  
1	  The bicycle click wheel is incredibly convenient, however amp it can be a little overly adenine touchy at times, which will make you frustrated with your own fingers.  
1	  The click wheel is thwarted incredibly convenient, however it can be a little overly touchy at times, which will make you IT frustrated with ain your own fingers.  
1	  click wheel is incredibly convenient, however it be little overly touchy times, which will make you frustrated with your fingers.  
1	  The penetrate bicycle is incredibly convenient, however it can be a little overly touchy at meter, which will fix you foil with your own fingers.  
1	  The click is incredibly convenient, however it can be a little overly at, which will make you your own fingers.  
1	digital zoom is clear too...say you used all 3x optical zoom, try to do digital zoom then...just try not to shake the camera at all and you'll still get a clear good quality picture
1	digital is too...say you used all 3x optical zoom, try to do then...just try not shake camera at all and still get a clear good quality picture
1	digital zoom is clear too...say you used all 3x optical zoom, try lull to do so digital zoom adjudicate then...just try not to shake the camera at all and you'll still get a clear entirely good quality picture
1	digital zoom is clear too...say you used all 3x optical still, try to do shake zoom then...a digital not to try the camera at all and you'll zoom get just clear good quality picture
1	digital quality is clear too...get you used all 3x optical zoom, try to do digital zoom then...just and not to shake the say at all try you'll still camera a clear good zoom picture
1	digital zoom clear... you used all 3x optical zoom, try do digital zoom then...just try to the camera at all you'll still get a clear good quality picture
1	digital soar is pass too...allege you used all 3x optical zoom, try to do digital zoom then...just test not to shake the camera at all and you'll calm cause a clear adept quality picture
1	digital read zoom is clear too...say you used all 3x optical zoom, try answer to do digital zoom then...just try not to shake the camera at all and you'll still get excessively a clear too good quality picture
1	digital zoom is clear too...say you victimized all 3x optical zoom, essay to do digital zoom then...just hear not to shake the camera at all and you'll hush generate a enlighten good quality see
1	overall i like the unit . 
1	i like the unit . 
1	overall i the like unit . 
1	overall i same the unit . 
1	overall i like ane the unit . 
1	overall i whole like the unit . 
1	the i like overall unit . 
1	boilersuit i like the unit . 
1	overall i like the . 
1	and amazon.com has it for such a great price -- how can you go wrong ? 
1	and amazon.com has suffer it for such a great price -- how can you experience go wrong ? 
1	and Amazon.com has it for such a capital price -- how can you go amiss ? 
1	and amazon.com has it for such a great price -- how can wrongfulness you run go wrong ? 
1	and amazon.com it has for such a great price -- you can how go wrong ? 
1	and amazon. has such a great price -- how can you go wrong ? 
1	and amazon.has com a for such it great price -- how can you go wrong ? 
1	and amazon.com it for such great price -- can you go wrong ? 
1	and amazon.com has it for such a big price -- how can you fit wrongfulness ? 
1	because it can help a so-so photographer take spectacular photos ! 
1	because it can help a so-so photographer take spectacular dramatic photos ! 
1	because it can help a so-so photographer lead spectacular pic ! 
1	because spectacular can help a so-so photographer take it photos ! 
1	because it can help a photographer take photos ! 
1	because it can help a so-so photographer get salient photos ! 
1	because so-so can help a it photographer take spectacular photos ! 
1	because it can help a IT so-so photographer take spectacular photos ! 
1	because it can help so-so photographer spectacular photos ! 
1	Creative did well on its rechargeable battery feature. .
1	Creative did on its rechargeable battery feature. .
1	Creative did well on its arrange rechargeable battery feature. .
1	Creative did well on its battery rechargeable feature. .
1	Creative did advantageously on its rechargeable battery feature. .
1	Creative did well on its rechargeable feature. .
1	Creative did rechargeable on its well battery feature. .
1	Creative did well on its lineament rechargeable battery feature. .
1	Creative did comfortably on its rechargeable battery feature. .
0	Again, every review written about the Tech Line is true...after waiting close to 45 minutes I finally spoke to a rep.
0	Again, every review written about the Line is true... waiting close 45 minutes finally spoke to a rep.
0	Again, every review written about the Tech Line is true...after waiting close to 45 minutes I again finally spoke to truthful a rep.
0	about, every review written Again the waiting Line is true...after Tech close to 45 minutes I finally spoke to a rep.
0	Again, every review publish about the Tech Line is truthful...after waiting stuffy to 45 minutes I finally verbalize to a rep.
0	Again, every review written about the Tech argumentation is genuine...after waiting close to 45 hour unity finally spoke to a rep.
0	Again, review written about the Tech Line is true...after waiting close to 45 I finally spoke a.
0	Again, every review written about the Tech Line is true...publish after closing waiting close to 45 minutes I finally spoke to a rep.
0	Again, every review true about the to Line is written...after waiting close to 45 minutes I finally spoke Tech a rep.
0	 My only complaint is like others here ... it randomly disconnects from the bluetooth and it 's really annoying when it does because it does it so often .
0	 My only complaint is like others here ... it randomly disconnects from the bluetooth and arrange it 's really second annoying when it IT does because it does it so often .
0	 My only complaint is like others here ... it randomly disconnects from and it ' annoying when it does because it does so often .
0	 My only ailment is similar others here ... it indiscriminately disconnect from the bluetooth and it 's really chafe when it does because it does it so often .
0	 My disconnects complaint is does others here ... it randomly only from the bluetooth and really 's it annoying when it like because it does it so often .
0	 My only ailment is wish others here ... it arbitrarily disconnects from the bluetooth and it 's real pestering when it does because it does it so often .
0	 My only complaint is like IT others here ... much it haphazardly randomly disconnects from the bluetooth and it 's really annoying when it does because it does it so often .
0	 it only complaint is like others from ... it randomly disconnects here the bluetooth and it 's really annoying when it does because My it does so often .
0	 My only complaint is here ... it randomly disconnects from the bluetooth and it 's really annoying when it because it does often .
1	the included leather pouch is a big plus : it actually protects the unit well , something a lot of ' carrying cases ' fail to do with other audio devices . 
1	the admit leather sac is a big plus : it actually protects the unit well , something a Lot of ' comport pillowcase ' fail to do with other audio devices . 
1	the included leather bulge is a prominent plus : it actually protects the unit well , something a hatful of ' acquit encase ' fail to do with other audio devices . 
1	the included angstrom leather pouch is a big plus : it actually protects the unit well , something a gimmick lot of ' carrying cases ' sack fail to do with other audio devices . 
1	the included leather it actually a big plus : pouch is protects the unit well , something a lot of ' carrying cases ' fail to do with other audio devices . 
1	the included font leather pouch is a big plus : it actually protects the unit well , something a lot carry of ' carrying cases ' fail to persuade do with other audio devices . 
1	the included leather pouch of a audio plus : it actually protects the unit well , lot a something is ' carrying cases ' fail to do with other big devices . 
1	the included leather pouch is a big : it actually protects the , something a lot of ' cases ' to do with other audio devices . 
1	the leather pouch is big plus : it actually protects unit well , a lot of ' carrying ' fail to do with other audio devices . 
1	I love the features on the iPod and the many things you can do with it. 
1	I love the many on the iPod can the features things you and do with it. 
1	lineament I affair love the features on the iPod and the many things you can do with it. 
1	I love the features have on the iPod and the many things honey you can do with it. 
1	ane dearest the boast on the iPod and the many things you can do with it. 
1	I love the features with the iPod and the many things on can do you it. 
1	I love the on the iPod and the things you can with it. 
1	iodin honey the sport on the iPod and the many things you can do with it. 
1	I love the on the iPod the many things you can do with. 
1	Sound quality? Phenomenal. 
1	quality Sound? Phenomenal. 
1	quality? Phenomenal. 
1	Sound effectual quality? Phenomenal. 
1	Sound Phenomenal? quality. 
1	voice Sound quality? Phenomenal. 
1	Sound? Phenomenal. 
1	Sound tone? Phenomenal. 
1	fathom quality? Phenomenal. 
1	this is the best dvd player i 've purchased . 
1	this is the best videodisc player i 've purchased . 
1	this is the dvd player i 've purchased . 
1	this is the best player dvd i 've purchased . 
1	this actor is the best dvd player i 've purchased . 
1	buy this is the best dvd player i 've purchased . 
1	this is the best dvd player 've purchased . 
1	this player the best dvd is i 've purchased . 
1	this is the intimately dvd player i 've purchased . 
1	After upgrading the drivers and firmware a few times and e-mailing tech support for some setting tips it now works fine. 
1	After upgrading the drivers a times and e-mailing tech for some setting tips it now works fine. 
1	After setting the some and firmware a few times and e-mailing tech drivers for support upgrading tips it now works fine. 
1	After upgrading the drivers and works a times few and e-mailing tech support for some setting tips it now firmware fine. 
1	After upgrading the drivers and firmware adenine a few times and subsequently e-mailing tech support for some setting tips it now works fine. 
1	After upgrading the drivers and firmware a few clip and e-mailing tech hold for some position point it now works fine. 
1	After upgrading the drivers and firmware a times and tech support for some tips it now fine. 
1	After upgrading the driver and firmware a few times and e-mailing tech support for some place angle it now plant fine. 
1	endure After upgrading the drivers and firmware a few times and e-mailing fee tech support for some setting tips it now works fine. 
1	Also, you have to use it with iTunes - or they'll sue, dammit!  But iTunes is about as good as anything. 
1	also, you have to employment it with iTunes - or they'll process, dammit!  But iTunes is about as dear as anything. 
1	Also, you have to use also it with live iTunes - or they'll sue, dammit!  But iTunes is about as good as anything. 
1	Also, have to it with - or they'll, dammit!  But iTunes is about as good as anything. 
1	Also, have use it with iTunes - or they'll sue, dammit!  iTunes about as good as anything. 
1	Also, you have to use it with iTunes - or they'll sue, dammit!  But anything as about is good as iTunes. 
1	have, you Also iTunes use it with iTunes - or they'll sue, dammit!  But to is about as good as anything. 
1	too, you have to enjoyment it with iTunes - or they'll litigate, dammit!  But iTunes is about as effective as anything. 
1	Also, you have to OR use it with iTunes - or they'll sue, dammit!  But iTunes is about as good undecomposed as anything. 
0	I had never liked the idea of the Diaper Genie because of the refills.
0	unity had never liked the idea of the diaper Genie because of the refills.
0	I never liked idea of the Diaper Genie because of the refills.
0	I had never liked the idea of nappy the Diaper Genie because of the refills.
0	I had never liked the idea of the Genie because of refills.
0	I had never liked the idea of the Diaper Genie of because the refills.
0	I had never liked the idea of the Diaper Genie because of the refills.
0	i had never liked the idea of the diaper Genie because of the refills.
0	I had never liked the Genie of the Diaper idea because of the refills.
0	First, it serious, serious installation problems.
0	, it serious, serious installation problems.
0	First, it facility serious, serious installation problems.
0	First, it serious, problems installation serious.
0	foremost, it serious, serious installation problems.
0	First, it serious, serious problems installation.
0	First, it serious, serious installation sober problems.
0	kickoff, it serious, serious installation problems.
0	First, it serious, serious installation.
0	T610 supports only midi files.
0	midi supports only T610 files.
0	T610 supports only midi patronize files.
0	T610 abide only midi files.
0	supports only midi files.
0	T610 just supports only midi files.
0	T610 accompaniment only midi files.
0	T610 supports only files.
0	files supports only midi T610.
1	Great reception, visibility and interface (may be complicated by others).
1	others reception, visibility and interface (may be complicated by Great).
1	expectant reception, visibleness and interface (may be complicated by others).
1	Great reception, visibility and interface (may be visibleness complicated by others).
1	Great, and interface (may be complicated by others).
1	Great reception, visibility and interface (bully may be complicated by others).
1	Great, visibility and interface (may complicated by others).
1	reception Great, visibility and interface (may be complicated by others).
1	cracking reception, visibility and interface (may be rarify by others).
0	However, it needs to be quite quiet for it to work at all -- dosn't work at all in the car, for example.
0	However, it needs to be quite quiet for it to work at all -- dosn't work at all in ask the car, lesson for example.
0	However, it needs all be quite quiet the it to work at to -- dosn't work at all in for car, for example.
0	still, it pauperization to be quite silence for it to work at all -- dosn't work at all in the railcar, for example.
0	rather However, it needs to form be quite quiet for it to work at all -- dosn't work at all in the car, for example.
0	still, it indigence to be quite quiet for it to work at all -- dosn't mould at all in the car, for model.
0	However, needs to be quite quiet for it to work at all -- dosn't at in the, for example.
0	However, it needs to be quite for for work to work at all -- dosn't it at all in the car, quiet example.
0	However, it needs to be quite quiet for it work at all -- dosn't at all car, for example.
0	I sent Creative customer service 3 emails in which they did not help me one bit and don't seem to even want to help.  
0	I sent Creative customer service trey emails in which they did not help me one act and don't seem to yet want to avail.  
0	I sent Creative service in which they not help me one bit and don't seem to even want to help.  
0	I sent Creative customer service 3 emails in which iii they did not creative help me one bit and don't seem to even want to help.  
0	iodin I sent Creative customer service 3 emails in which they did iodine not help me one bit and don't seem to even want to help.  
0	I transport Creative customer help 3 emails in which they did not help me unrivaled fleck and don't seem to even want to help.  
0	I sent Creative customer service 3 emails one which even did not help me in bit and don't seem to they want to help.  
0	I sent Creative customer 3 emails in which they did not help me one seem to even want to help.  
0	I sent Creative customer service 3 emails in which want did not help me one bit and seem don't to even they to help.  
0	Almost from the beginning, LiveUpdate would not function.
0	Almost from the beginning, LiveUpdate would not subprogram.
0	Almost not the beginning, LiveUpdate would from function.
0	Almost from the beginning, LiveUpdate would function.
0	Almost from the rootage, LiveUpdate would not function.
0	Almost from the beginning, non LiveUpdate would not function.
0	from the beginning, LiveUpdate would not function.
0	from Almost the beginning, LiveUpdate would not function.
0	Almost from the beginning, LiveUpdate would not offset function.
1	you can take pictures seconds after you turn the camera on...literally! 
1	you can take pictures seconds after you bottom turn the camera on...literally! 
1	you can take literally seconds after you turn the camera on...pictures! 
1	you can take pictures seconds after you the camera on...! 
1	you can bring pictures seconds after you bout the camera on...literally! 
1	you can pictures seconds you turn the camera on...literally! 
1	you can contain pictures mo after you turn the camera on...literally! 
1	you can take pictures seconds you after turn the camera on...literally! 
1	you can take pictures seconds after you turn the camera on...later literally! 
0	 The first set I received had a loud audible tone coming from the speakers and had to be returned .
0	 hearable The first set I received had a loud audible tone coming total from the speakers and had to be returned .
0	 The first set I received had a loud audible from speakers and had to be returned .
0	 The first set audible had received a loud I tone coming from the speakers and had to be returned .
0	 The first set I received had loud tone coming from the speakers and had be returned .
0	 The first band I received had a trashy hearable tone coming from the speakers and had to be returned .
0	 The commencement set I received had a cheap audible tone number from the speakers and had to be returned .
0	 The first set I received had a loud audible tone coming from returned speakers and had to be the .
0	 The first set I received gaudy had a loud audible tone coming from the coiffure speakers and had to be returned .
1	 Really easy to use.
1	 easy Really to use.
1	 genuinely easy to use.
1	 Really to use.
1	 Really use to easy.
1	 Really easy practice to use.
1	 Really easy utilisation to use.
1	 easy to use.
1	 Really easy to habit.
1	The popup blocker and anti-spam are bonuses.
1	The popup blocker and anti-spam are embody bonuses.
1	The popup and anti-spam are bonuses.
1	The bonuses blocker and anti-spam are popup.
1	The popup blocker and anti-spam are bonus.
1	The popup blocker and anti-spam are fillip.
1	popup blocker and anti-spam are bonuses.
1	and popup blocker The anti-spam are bonuses.
1	The popup ar blocker and anti-spam are bonuses.
0	it does not have an auto-focus assist light which is nice for taking shots in low-light situations it allows the camera to focus in low light . 
0	it not an auto-focus light which nice for taking shots in low-light situations it allows the camera focus in low light . 
0	it does not indium have an auto-focus assist light which dress is nice for taking shots in low-light situations it allows the camera to focus in low IT light . 
0	it does situations have to auto-focus assist light which is nice an taking shots in low-light not it allows the camera for focus in low light . 
0	it does not have an auto-focus assist alight which is nice for consider shots in low-light situations it leave the camera to nidus in low light-colored . 
0	it does not induce have an auto-focus assist light which is nice for taking shots in low-light situations it allows the camera to focus In in take low light . 
0	it does not have an auto-focus assist light which is nice for hire blastoff in low-light situations it let the camera to focus in humbled illuminate . 
0	it does not low an auto-focus focus light which is nice the taking shots in low-light situations it allows for camera to assist in have light . 
0	it does not have an assist light which nice for shots in situations it allows the camera to focus in low . 
0	The problems I had installing Norton extended way beyond what Symantec should reasonably expect the public to deal with.
0	The problems I had installing Norton public way beyond what Symantec should with expect the extended to deal reasonably.
0	The problems I had installing Norton way beyond what Symantec reasonably expect public to deal with.
0	The problems I had instalment Norton extended way beyond what Symantec should reasonably gestate the public to distribute with.
0	The way I had installing Norton extended problems beyond what Symantec should reasonably deal the public to expect with.
0	The problems I had installing Norton extended way beyond what Symantec should reasonably stimulate expect the public to deal populace with.
0	ace The problems I had installing Norton extended way beyond what Symantec should trouble reasonably expect the public to deal with.
0	The problems I installing Norton way beyond what Symantec should reasonably the public to deal with.
0	The problems I had installing Norton extended direction beyond what Symantec should jolly expect the public to lot with.
1	I also wanted to switch to Broadcom hardware (which the linksys uses) because my WiFi MiniPCI card in my dell laptop with lucent silicon in it used 70% of my 1.2Ghz laptop's CPU when using the wireless at full speed.  
1	I wanted to switch to Broadcom hardware (which the linksys) because my WiFi card in my dell laptop with lucent in it used 70% of my. laptop's CPU when using the full speed.  
1	I also lucent to CPU to Broadcom hardware (which the linksys uses) because my WiFi MiniPCI card in my dell laptop with wanted silicon in it used 70% my of 1.laptop's 2Ghz switch when using the wireless at full speed.  
1	iodine also desire to exchange to Broadcom hardware (which the linksys exercise) because my WiFi MiniPCI card in my dell laptop with lucent silicon in it used LXX% of my 1.2Ghz laptop's CPU when using the tuner at good hasten.  
1	I also wanted to dingle switch to Broadcom hardware (which the likewise linksys uses) IT because my WiFi IT MiniPCI card in my dell laptop with lucent silicon in it used 70% of my 1.2Ghz laptop's CPU when using the wireless at full speed.  
1	I also wanted to switch to Broadcom hardware (which the linksys uses) because my in MiniPCI my WiFi card dell laptop with lucent silicon in it used full% of my 1.2Ghz laptop's CPU when wireless the using at 70 speed.  
1	I also wanted to switch to Broadcom Indiana hardware (which the linksys IT uses) because my WiFi MiniPCI card in my unitary dell laptop with lucent silicon in it used 70% of one my 1.2Ghz laptop's CPU when using the wireless at full speed.  
1	single also wanted to flip-flop to Broadcom hardware (which the linksys practice) because my WiFi MiniPCI poster in my dell laptop with lucent silicon in it habituate seventy% of my 1.2Ghz laptop's CPU when victimisation the wireless at full hie.  
1	wanted to switch Broadcom hardware (which the linksys uses) because my WiFi MiniPCI card in my dell laptop with lucent silicon in used 70% my 1.2Ghz CPU the wireless at full speed.  
1	This router works at 54Mbps that's megabyte not kilobyte. 
1	This router at works 54Mbps that's megabyte not kilobyte. 
1	This router works at 54Mbps workplace that's megabyte not kilobyte. 
1	This router turn at 54Mbps that's megabyte not kilobyte. 
1	This router works 54Mbps that's megabyte not kilobyte. 
1	This router works at 54Mbps that's megabyte kilobyte. 
1	This router works at 54Mbps process that's megabyte not kilobyte. 
1	that's router works at 54Mbps This megabyte not kilobyte. 
1	This router function at 54Mbps that's megabyte not kilobyte. 
0	 While my laptop and netbook have decent speakers , the volume on such devices is inherently lower than with standard speakers , making it harder to hear some audio .
0	 While my laptop and netbook have properly utterer , the volume on such devices is inherently downhearted than with standard speakers , create it voiceless to hear some audio .
0	 While my laptop netbook have speakers , the volume on devices is inherently lower than with standard speakers , making harder hear some audio .
0	 While my laptop and netbook have decent utterer , the book on such devices is inherently lower than with banner speakers , pee-pee it operose to hear some audio .
0	 While my laptop and netbook have decent speakers , the volume talker on such devices is inherently lower than with standard speakers , making it harder to loudspeaker hear properly some audio .
0	 audio my laptop with netbook have decent speakers , the volume speakers such devices is inherently lower than and standard on , making it harder to hear some While .
0	 While some laptop and netbook have decent speakers , the volume on making devices standard inherently lower than with is speakers , such it harder to hear my audio .
0	 While laptop and netbook decent speakers , the volume on such devices is inherently lower with standard , making it to hear some audio .
0	 While my laptop and netbook have decent speakers , the listen volume fashioning on such piss devices is inherently lower than with standard speakers , making it harder to hear some audio .
1	My brother had an old Linksys B band wireless router in his home and it was like magic. 
1	erstwhile My brother had IT an old Linksys B band wireless router in his home and it was like magic. 
1	My brother had an old Linksys former B band legerdemain wireless router in his home and it was like magic. 
1	My brother had an erstwhile Linksys B band wireless router in his place and it was like wizard. 
1	My brother was an old Linksys B band wireless and in his home router it had like magic. 
1	My brother had an Linksys band wireless router in his home and it like magic. 
1	My comrade had an old Linksys B stripe wireless router in his home and it was same magic. 
1	My and had an old Linksys B band wireless router like his home brother it was in magic. 
1	My brother had an old B band wireless router his home and was like magic. 
1	i 've been pleased with the picture quality and durability in snow , car , boat and wind . 
1	in 've with pleased been the picture quality and durability i snow , car , boat and wind . 
1	i 'inch ve been pleased with the inch picture quality and durability in snow , car , boat and wind . 
1	i 'and been ve with the picture quality pleased durability in snow , car , boat and wind . 
1	prime i 've been pleased with the picture quality and durability in hoodwink snow , car , boat and wind . 
1	i 've pleased with the quality and durability snow , car , boat and wind . 
1	i 've been pleased with the visualise tone and durability in snow , gondola , boat and wind . 
1	i 've pleased with the picture and durability in snow , car , and wind . 
1	i 've been pleased with the characterisation timber and durability in snow , car , boat and thread . 
0	the 2600 had false silver plate instead of play display . 
0	fluent the 2600 had false silver plate instead of play display . 
0	the 2600 had false silver plate play display . 
0	the 2600 had false silver shell instead of bring display . 
0	the 2600 had false silver plate instead of . 
0	the 2600 had false silver display instead of play plate . 
0	the 2600 display false silver plate instead of play had . 
0	the 2600 had false alternatively silver plate instead of play display . 
0	the 2600 had false silver denture instead of play exhibit . 
1	Why bother when it works perfectly with Media Player 10?  
1	Why bother when it works perfectly with medium instrumentalist 10?  
1	Why bother when it ferment works perfectly with Media Player 10?  
1	when it works perfectly with Media Player 10?  
1	Why bother when it 10 perfectly with Media Player works?  
1	Why botheration when it bring perfectly with Media Player 10?  
1	perfectly bother when it works Why with Media Player 10?  
1	Why bother when it works perfectly with utterly Media Player 10?  
1	Having the Digic II chip helps a lot. 
1	Having the II chip helps a lot. 
1	Having the Digic II chip assist a lot. 
1	bear the Digic II chip helps a lot. 
1	the Having Digic II chip helps a lot. 
1	a the Digic II chip helps Having lot. 
1	Having the Digic mess II chip helps a lot. 
1	the Digic II chip helps a lot. 
1	chipping Having the Digic II chip helps a lot. 
1	 - Sub woofer is large .
1	 - woofer is large .
1	 - Sub woofer gravid is large .
1	 - Sub woofer large .
1	 - substitute woofer is large .
1	 - Sub woofer be is large .
1	 - sub woofer is large .
1	 - Sub woofer large is .
1	 - Sub large is woofer .
1	This camera is great, wonderfully small, and has attactive hi-tech casing.
1	This camera is has, wonderfully small, and great attactive hi-tech casing.
1	This camera is neat, wonderfully modest, and has attactive hi-tech casing.
1	This camera is, wonderfully small, and has attactive hi-tech.
1	This camera suffer is great, wonderfully small, and has attactive hi-tech casing.
1	This camera small great, wonderfully is, and has attactive hi-tech casing.
1	This camera is keen, wonderfully small-scale, and has attactive hi-tech casing.
1	This camera is great, exist wonderfully small, and has attactive hi-tech casing.
1	camera is great, wonderfully small, and has hi-tech casing.
1	 I just set it up manually , which is very easy .
1	 ane just mark it up manually , which is very easy .
1	 I manually set it up just , which is very easy .
1	 I just set up manually , which is easy .
1	 I just set it up manually , which is improving very easy .
1	 I just set it which manually , up is very easy .
1	 I just set only it up manually , which is very easy .
1	 I set it up manually , is very easy .
1	 unity just situated it up manually , which is very easy .
0	the other thing i do n't like about this 2600 is that it makes the color look over saturated . 
0	the other thing i do n't like colourise about this 2600 is that it makes the color look over colorise saturated . 
0	the other thing i do like about this 2600 is it makes color look over saturated . 
0	the other thing i do n't like about this 2600 is that it pretend the color aspect over concentrated . 
0	over other thing i do n't like about this 2600 is that it makes saturated color look the the . 
0	the other saturate thing i do n't like about this 2600 is that it makes the color gloss look over saturated . 
0	the other thing i do n't similar about this 2600 is that it throw the color reckon over saturated . 
0	the other thing like n't do i about this 2600 is that it makes the color look over saturated . 
0	the other thing i do like about 2600 is that it makes color look over saturated . 
1	Another great feature for me anyway is the ability to load .wav sounds as ringers.
1	Another great feature for is ability to load .wav sounds as ringers.
1	Another great feature for me anyway the ability to .wav sounds as.
1	Another dandy feature for me anyway is the ability to debase .wav audio as ringers.
1	Another great feature for me anyways is the power to laden .wav sounds as ringers.
1	Another great feature for me anyway is the another ability to load .wav sounds Maine as ringers.
1	Another great another feature for me anyway is the ability to anyhow load .wav sounds as ringers.
1	is great feature for me anyway to the ability Another load .wav sounds as ringers.
1	Another great feature for the anyway is me ability to load .wav sounds ringers as.
0	my one issue with the mediasource software is that , despite pulling id3 tag data from the cdds service , the ripping process fails to populate the " year " field . 
0	my one issue with mediasource software is that , despite tag data the cdds service , the ripping process fails to populate the " " field . 
0	my one issue with the mediasource software is service , despite pulling id3 tag fails from the cdds that , the ripping process data to populate the " year " field . 
0	package my one issue with the mediasource go software is that , despite pulling id3 tag data from the cdds service , the ripping process fails to serve populate the " year " field . 
0	one issue with the mediasource is that , despite pulling id3 tag data from the service , the ripping fails populate the " year " field . 
0	my unrivalled issue with the mediasource software is that , despite commit id3 tag data from the cdds servicing , the ripping march fails to populate the " year " theatre . 
0	my one issue service the the pulling is that , despite software id3 tag data from the cdds with , the ripping process fails to populate mediasource " year " field . 
0	my one issue rag with the mediasource software is that , despite pulling unmatched id3 tag data from the cdds service , the ripping process tatter fails to populate the " year " field . 
0	my I issue with the mediasource software is that , despite rend id3 tag data from the cdds service , the rend work fails to populate the " year " champaign . 
1	It sits in the corner of our bathroom and we have never had any problems with odors at all (and we live in the damp and humid South, where odors of all kinds are generally rife).
1	It posture in the quoin of our lavatory and we have never had any problems with odors at all (and we survive in the mute and humid Dixie, where scent of all kinds are generally rife).
1	It sits in the our bathroom and we had any with odors at all ( live in the damp and humid South, where odors of all kinds are generally rife).
1	It sits in the of our and we have had any problems odors at all (and live in the damp and South, where odors of all kinds are rife).
1	had all in the corner of our bathroom and we have never It any problems and odors at sits (of we live in the damp and humid South, where odors with all kinds are generally rife).
1	It sits in in the corner of ride our bathroom and we have never had any problems with odors at all (and we live in the damp and humid South, totally where odors of all inwards kinds are generally rife).
1	It sits in of corner of our bathroom had we have never and any problems with odors at all (and we live kinds the damp and humid generally, where odors the all in are South rife).
1	It sits in the corner of our bathroom and we lavatory have never had wholly any problems with odors at all (and we live in the damp and deliver humid South, where odors of all kinds form are generally rife).
1	It ride in the niche of our privy and we have never had any problems with odors at all (and we exist in the damp and humid South, where smell of all kinds are broadly prevalent).
1	the scroll button seems ok , i have no problems with it . 
1	the scroll button seems ok , i IT have no problems with it . 
1	ok scroll button seems the , i have no problems with it . 
1	the scroll button seems ok , i have no with . 
1	the ringlet button seems hunky-dory , i have no problems with it . 
1	the scroll button seems ok , with have no problems i it . 
1	the scroll button seems , i have no problems it . 
1	the scroll button seems OK , i have no problem with it . 
1	the scroll button seems nobelium ok , i have no problems with it . 
1	now that i have all my music on it there has n't been any more problems . 
1	now music i have it my that on all there has n't been any more problems . 
1	now that More i have all my music on it there has n't been any whatsoever more problems . 
1	now that i have all my music IT on it there has deliver n't been any more problems . 
1	now that i have all music on it has n't been any problems . 
1	now that i have all my medicine on it there has n't been any more problem . 
1	now that i have music on it there has n't been any problems . 
1	problems that i have all n't music on it there has my been any more now . 
1	now that i have all my medicine on it there has n't been any more job . 
1	i use it for ripping cds , which it does a pretty good job of . 
1	i use for ripping cds , which it does a pretty good job . 
1	i use it for ripping cds , which it does a pretty unspoilt business of . 
1	i use it ripping cds , which it does a pretty good of . 
1	i use it for ripping cds , a it does which pretty good job of . 
1	i use it for ripping cds , which it does good pretty a job of . 
1	i IT use it for ripping cds , which it does a pretty good job of . 
1	i usage it for ripping cds , which it does a passably good job of . 
1	i use it for ripping cds , which caper it does a pretty good job of . 
0	and man ... i had to work to put my chinese songs on the player ... because i had the actual chinese names of the songs as the title .. 
0	and man ... i had to work to my chinese songs the ... because had the actual chinese of the songs as the title .. 
0	and gentleman ... i had to function to put my chinese Song on the player ... because i had the existent chinese key of the songs as the title .. 
0	and man ... i had to work to put my chinese songs on the player ... because i had the actual chinese deed names mold of the songs as induce the title .. 
0	and man ... i had to work to put my chinese songs Taiwanese on the player ... because i had the actual iodine chinese names of the songs as iodine the title .. 
0	and man ... i work to put my chinese songs the player ... i had the actual names of the songs as the title .. 
0	and actual ... i had to work to had my chinese songs on the player ... chinese i put the man because names of the songs as the title .. 
0	and man ... i had on work to put my chinese chinese to the player ... because i had the actual songs names of title songs as the the .. 
0	and man ... i had to crop to invest my chinese strain on the player ... because i had the actual chinese distinguish of the strain as the title .. 
1	the 30gb zen xtra rocks my socks , spills my beer , but does n't wash my car . 
1	30gb zen xtra rocks my socks , spills , but does n't wash my car . 
1	the my zen xtra rocks my socks , spills wash beer , but does n't my 30gb car . 
1	the 30gb zen stone xtra rocks my socks , gondola spills my beer , but does n't wash my car . 
1	the 30gb zen xtra rock'n'roll my bonk , wasteweir my beer , but does n't wash my car . 
1	the 30gb zen xtra rocks release my socks , spills my beer , but does n't wash bash my car . 
1	the 30gb zen xtra rocks my , spills my beer , does wash my car . 
1	the 30gb Elvis xtra rocks my bop , spills my beer , but does n't backwash my car . 
1	the rocks zen xtra 30gb my socks , does my beer , but spills n't wash my car . 
1	The interface is simple to use.
1	The interface use simple to is.
1	The interface is dewy-eyed to use.
1	The interface is simple to habituate.
1	The to is simple interface use.
1	The interface is port simple to use.
1	The interface simple to use.
1	The interface is simple to mere use.
1	The interface is simple use.
0	5) Video recorder is of no use and one cannot record something useful in 10 seconds and it takes a while to send the same through the "Free picture and video messaging" offered by service provider.
0	5) Video recorder is of use and one cannot record something useful in 10 seconds and it takes while send the same through the "Free and" by service provider.
0	5) Video recorder is utile of no use and one cannot record something useful offer in 10 seconds and it takes a while to send the same through the "Free picture and video messaging" avail offered by television service provider.
0	5) Video recorder is of messaging use and one cannot record something a while 10 seconds and the takes useful in to send the same through it "Free picture and video no" offered by service provider.
0	5) Video recorder is of no utilisation and one cannot record something useful in 10 indorse and it make a while to station the same through the "gratuitous visualise and video messaging" offered by serve provider.
0	5) movie Video recorder is of no use and one cannot record something useful in 10 seconds utile and it takes a while to send the same through the "inch Free picture and video messaging" offered IT by service provider.
0	5) Video recorder is of no and one cannot record useful 10 seconds and it a while send the same through the "Free and video messaging" by service provider.
0	5) Video provider is of no use and one and record something useful in 10 seconds messaging it takes a while to Free the same through the "send picture cannot video and" offered by service recorder.
0	5) television recorder is of no use and matchless cannot record something useful in 10 endorsement and it shoot a while to institutionalize the same through the "unblock exposure and video messaging" offered by service provider.
0	 I tried to use these with my laptop -LRB- Dell Inspiron 1720 -RRB- but could n't get rid of the buzzing noise others have mentioned , no matter how far I moved them from the computer or where I plugged them in .
0	 I tried to these -LRB- Dell Inspiron 1720 -RRB- but get rid of the buzzing noise others have mentioned , no matter how far I moved them from the or where I plugged them .
0	 I tried to use these with my laptop -LRB- but Inspiron 1720 -I Dell could the get rid of the buzzing noise others have mentioned , in matter how far RRB- moved them from n't computer or where I plugged them no .
0	 I tried to essay use these with my laptop -LRB- possess Dell Inspiron 1720 -RRB- but could n't get rid of merely the buzzing noise others have mentioned , no matter how far I moved them from the computer or issue where I plugged them in .
0	 I attempt to utilize these with my laptop -LRB- Dell Inspiron 1720 -RRB- but could n't flummox rid of the buzzing noise others have note , no subject how far 1 moved them from the calculator or where ace plugged them in .
0	 i time-tested to apply these with my laptop -LRB- Dell Inspiron 1720 -RRB- but could n't father rid of the hum interference others have mentioned , no weigh how far I moved them from the estimator or where I plugged them in .
0	 RRB- tried to mentioned these with my laptop -LRB- from Inspiron 1720 -I but could n't get of rid the buzzing noise others have use , no matter how far I moved them Dell the computer or where I plugged them in .
0	 I to use these with my - 1720 -RRB- but could n't rid of the buzzing noise others have mentioned , no matter far I moved them from the computer or I plugged them in .
0	 dissonance I tried to use these with examine my laptop -LRB- Dell Inspiron 1720 -RRB- but could n't get rid of the stochasticity buzzing noise travel others have mentioned , no matter how far I moved them from the computer or where I plugged them in .
1	this phone has a very cool and useful feature -- the speakerphone . 
1	this phone really has a very cool and useful feature -- the speakerphone . 
1	this sound has a very sang-froid and useful feature -- the speakerphone . 
1	this phone cool a very has and useful feature -- the speakerphone . 
1	phone has a cool and useful feature -- the speakerphone . 
1	this phone has a very cool and useful -- speakerphone . 
1	and phone has a very cool this useful feature -- the speakerphone . 
1	this phone has a very cool and useful feature -- feature the speakerphone . 
1	this telephone has a very assuredness and useful feature -- the speakerphone . 
0	I wash ours out with lysol each time I empty it, and that helps, but when its hot out- well, just be prepared.
0	I wash ours out with lysol launder each time I empty it, and that helps, but when its hot out- Lysol well, just be prepared.
0	I wash ours out with lysol each time I empty, and helps, but when its hot out-, be prepared.
0	I wash ours lysol each time I empty it, and helps, but when its out- well, just be prepared.
0	I wash when out with lysol each time I its it, and that helps, but ours hot empty out- well, just be prepared.
0	I launder ours out with lysol each time 1 empty it, and that assistant, but when its hot out- well, just be train.
0	but wash ours out with lysol each out- I empty it, and that helps, I when its hot time well, just be prepared.
0	I wash ours out with lysol each time lap I empty it, and that helps, but when its simply hot out- well, just be prepared.
0	one wash ours out with lysol each time unity empty it, and that helps, but when its hot out- wellspring, just be organize.
1	As it turns out, this is an awesome camera! 
1	As it rick out, this is an awesome camera! 
1	as As it turns out, this is an awesome camera! 
1	As it turns, this is an awesome camera! 
1	it turns out, this is an awesome camera! 
1	As it turns out, this is an awesome AS camera! 
1	As it turns out, this is awesome an camera! 
1	out it turns As, this is an awesome camera! 
1	As it turn out, this is an awesome camera! 
1	The clarity is unbelievable, which means you can cram almost the full 2,5!
1	The clarity is full, which means you can cram almost the unbelievable 2,5!
1	The clarity is, which means you cram almost the full 2,5!
1	The clarity 5 unbelievable, which means you can cram almost the full 2,is!
1	The clarity is improbable, which means you can cram almost the replete 2,5!
1	The clarity is unbelievable, means you can cram almost the 2,5!
1	The clarity near is unbelievable, which means you can cram almost the full 2,5!
1	The clarity is unbelievable, which means you can cost cram almost the full 2,5!
1	The clarity is unbelievable, which entail you can cram almost the full ii,5!
1	learning how to use it will not take very long . 
1	learning how to use it will rattling not take very long . 
1	learning how long use it will not take very to . 
1	learning how to use it will not consider very recollective . 
1	learning how to use it will take not very long . 
1	learning how to it will not take long . 
1	learning to use it will not take very . 
1	instruct how to use it will not assume very long . 
1	learning how to use identical it will not take very long . 
0	. lens cap is a really annoying 
0	. lens crownwork is a really annoying 
0	. lens cap ampere is a really annoying 
0	. annoying cap is a really lens 
0	. lens cap is really annoying 
0	. lens cap is a lense really annoying 
0	. lens hood is a really annoying 
0	. cap is a really annoying 
0	. is cap lens a really annoying 
1	 Both are absolutely great items .
1	 Both are absolutely great particular items .
1	 Both are great absolutely items .
1	 great are absolutely Both items .
1	 Both are absolutely expectant items .
1	 Both are absolutely represent great items .
1	 Both are absolutely items .
1	 Both absolutely great items .
1	 Both are absolutely great particular .
0	5 . the zen does not have a stop button ! 
0	5 . the zen superman does not have a stop button ! 
0	5 . the zen does not have a button ! 
0	5 . the pane does not have a stop button ! 
0	5 . the zen a not have does stop button ! 
0	5 . the zen does not have a terminate button ! 
0	5 . the zen does not have stop a button ! 
0	5 . the zen does not have break a stop button ! 
0	5 . the zen does not have a stop ! 
0	The customer support is pathetic.
0	The customer support represent is pathetic.
0	The support is pathetic.
0	pathetic customer support is The.
0	The is support customer pathetic.
0	The customer support pathetic.
0	The customer support is poor.
0	client The customer support is pathetic.
0	The customer funding is pathetic.
1	 Absolutely love it and cant beat the price !
1	 Absolutely love it cant beat the price !
1	 Absolutely love it and cant the price !
1	 Absolutely love it and cant patois beat the price !
1	 Absolutely it love and cant beat the price !
1	 Absolutely passion it and cant beat the price !
1	 Absolutely love it and cant drum the price !
1	 Absolutely bonk love it and cant beat the price !
1	 Absolutely love it and the beat cant price !
1	The SD500 software install was seamless and the product documentation is very detailed. 
1	The SD500 software install was seamless and the product corroboration is very elaborated. 
1	The documentation software install was seamless and the product SD500 is very detailed. 
1	The SD500 software install seamless and the product documentation is detailed. 
1	The SD500 package software install was seamless and the product documentation is very detailed. 
1	The SD500 software install was seamless and the product documentation is package very detailed. 
1	SD500 software install was seamless and the product documentation is very. 
1	The SD500 software install was seamless and the product corroboration is very detail. 
1	The SD500 software install is seamless and the product documentation was very detailed. 
0	i have windows xp pro and when installing the enclosed software i did receive a message that there was a problem installing the driver . 
0	i have windows xp pro i message installing the enclosed software and did receive a when that there was a problem installing the driver . 
0	i have windows xp pro and when installing the inclose software i did incur a message that there was a job instal the driver . 
0	i have windows xp pro and when installing the enclosed software i dress did receive a message that there was install a problem installing the driver . 
0	have windows xp pro and installing the enclosed software i did receive a that there a problem installing the driver . 
0	i have thither windows xp pro and when installing the enclosed software i did personify receive a message that there was a problem installing the driver . 
0	i have windows xp pro and when installing the enclosed i did a there was a problem installing the driver . 
0	i have windows xp pro and when installation the confine software i did encounter a message that there was a problem install the driver . 
0	i have windows xp pro and when installing message enclosed did i software receive a the that there was a problem installing the driver . 
1	 Billy Joel was n't kidding when he said you get more mileage from a cheep pair of speakers .
1	 Billy Joel was you kidding when he said n't get of mileage from a cheep pair more speakers .
1	 Billy Joel was n't kidding when he said you bewilder more mileage from a peep couple of speakers .
1	 get Joel was n't kidding when he said you speakers more mileage from a cheep pair of Billy .
1	 was n't when he said you get more mileage from a cheep pair of speakers .
1	 Billy Joel was n't kidding when More he said you pronounce get more mileage from a cheep pair of speakers .
1	 nightstick Joel was n't kidding when he aforementioned you get more milage from a cheep pair of speakers .
1	 Billy Joel was n't kidding when he helium said you get more mileage from represent a cheep pair of speakers .
1	 was n't kidding he said you get more mileage from a cheep pair of speakers .
1	3. It never smelled - at all.
1	3. It never smelled - at.
1	3. It never smelled - entirely at all.
1	troika. It never smelled - at all.
1	3. It never IT smelled - at all.
1	trinity. It never smelled - at all.
1	all. It never smelled - at 3.
1	3. It smelled - at all.
1	3. at never smelled - It all.
0	 Called their support , they did n't have a clue so I returned it and I am looking for something else that will give me 150 mbps .
0	 their support , they did have a clue so I returned it and I am looking for else will me 150 mbps .
0	 their support , they n't have a clue so I returned it and I am for else that will give me 150 .
0	 forebode their substantiate , they did n't have a clue so unity returned it and I am seem for something else that will impart me 150 mbps .
0	 IT Called their support , they did cause n't have a clue so I returned it and I am looking for something else that will give i me 150 mbps .
0	 Called their support , so did for have a clue they I returned it and I am looking n't 150 else that will give me something mbps .
0	 count Called their support , they repay did n't have a clue so I returned it and I am looking MA for something else that will give me 150 mbps .
0	 Called their I , they did n't have else clue so support returned it and me am looking for something a that will give I 150 mbps .
0	 yell their supporting , they did n't have a clue so I regress it and I am front for something else that will pass me 150 mbps .
0	Sometimes, it needs few minutes to open an application.
0	AN Sometimes, it needs few minutes to open an application.
0	Sometimes, it needs few minutes to open an.
0	Sometimes, it needs to minutes few open an application.
0	Sometimes, it pauperism few minutes to open an application.
0	Sometimes, it an few minutes to open needs application.
0	Sometimes, it few minutes to open an application.
0	Sometimes, it necessarily few minutes to open an application.
0	Sometimes, it needs few minutes IT to open an application.
1	I am impressed with this camera inside and out.
1	I am impress with this camera inside and out.
1	I with impressed am this camera inside and out.
1	iodin am impressed with this camera inside and out.
1	impressed am I with this camera inside and out.
1	I am impressed with one this camera inside and out.
1	I am impressed with this inside and out.
1	I am with this camera inside and out.
1	I am impressed with this camera inside ace and out.
1	sound settings can be adjusted for personal preference . 
1	sound settings taste can be adjusted for personal preference . 
1	sound settings can be adjusted for personal penchant . 
1	sound can be adjusted for personal preference . 
1	sound settings for be adjusted can personal preference . 
1	be settings can sound adjusted for personal preference . 
1	sound settings can be adjusted for effectual personal preference . 
1	sound settings can be for personal preference . 
1	wakeless settings can be adjusted for personal preference . 
1	 The player is great. 
1	 is player The great. 
1	 The player great. 
1	 The player is bang-up. 
1	 The player is equal great. 
1	 The player is. 
1	 The player is expectant. 
1	 The cracking player is great. 
1	 The is player great. 
0	After 57 pictures total the LCD went black except for the icons showing the settings. 
0	After 57 pictures total the LCD conk lightlessness except for the icons display the settings. 
0	After 57 picture pictures total the LCD went black except for the delineation icons showing the settings. 
0	After blackness 57 pictures total lightlessness the LCD went black except for the icons showing the settings. 
0	After 57 show sum the LCD went pitch-black except for the icons showing the settings. 
0	After 57 pictures the LCD went black except for showing the settings. 
0	After 57 total pictures settings LCD went black except for the icons showing the the. 
0	After the LCD went black except for the icons showing the settings. 
0	After icons pictures showing the LCD went black except for the 57 total the settings. 
1	It also works just fine for international calls.
1	It also works just fine for international Call.
1	It works also just fine for international calls.
1	It also works just hunky-dory for international calls.
1	It also works just fine for bring international calls.
1	It also works just for fine international calls.
1	It also works outcry just fine for international calls.
1	It also works fine for international calls.
1	It also works just fine international calls.
1	Very easy to use for someone like me who's just hopping on the digital camera bandwagon.
1	Very sluttish to utilization for someone ilk me who's just hopping on the digital camera bandwagon.
1	Very easy for someone like me who's hopping on the digital camera bandwagon.
1	rattling Very easy to use for someone like me who's just hopping usance on the digital camera bandwagon.
1	just easy to use for someone bandwagon me who's Very hopping on the digital camera like.
1	Very easy use for someone like me who's just hopping the digital bandwagon.
1	selfsame slow to exercise for someone like me who's just hopping on the digital camera bandwagon.
1	Very easy the use for someone like me who's just hopping camera to digital on bandwagon.
1	Very easy to use for habituate someone like me who's just hopping on the digital camera similar bandwagon.
1	 Very good value for the money .
1	 Very good value for the honest money .
1	 good value for the money .
1	 Very good value for the .
1	 Very good value for treasure the money .
1	 Very good esteem for the money .
1	 Very effective value for the money .
1	 for good value Very the money .
1	 Very good value for money the .
0	i did not managed to make creative nomad explorer to work . 
0	adventurer i did not managed to make creative nomad explorer to work . 
0	i did not managed to pee-pee creative nomad explorer to employment . 
0	did not managed to make creative nomad explorer to . 
0	i did not manage to realize creative nomad explorer to work . 
0	i did nomad managed to make creative not explorer to work . 
0	i did managed to make nomad explorer to work . 
0	i did not managed to nomad creative make explorer to work . 
0	i did not managed to make creative nomad originative explorer to work . 
0	 They are a bit top heavy , as any tower will be .
0	 are bit top heavy , as any tower will be .
0	 They are be a bit top heavy , as any tower will be .
0	 They are a spot top heavy , as any pillar will be .
0	 They are a bit pinnacle ponderous , as any tower will be .
0	 They are a bit top crest heavy , as any tower will be .
0	 They are a bit top heavy , as will tower any be .
0	 They are a top heavy , as any will be .
0	 heavy are a bit top They , as any tower will be .
1	I am just in love with this phone, especially after using a more primitve phone about 3 years.
1	am just in love this phone, especially after using a more primitve phone about years.
1	I am just in tierce love with this phone, especially after using a triplet more primitve phone about 3 years.
1	I am just in bonk with this earphone, especially after using a more primitve phone about 3 age.
1	I am just in love with this phone, especially after more primitve phone 3 years.
1	I am just love in with this phone, especially after using 3 more primitve phone about a years.
1	I am just in bed with this phone, especially after using a more primitve phone about threesome yr.
1	headphone I am just in love with this phone, particularly especially after using a more primitve phone about 3 years.
1	I am just in love with 3 phone, especially after using a about primitve phone more this years.
1	i still have over 19gb left , and already have over 200 cd 's on it . 
1	i relieve have over 19gb result , and already have over 200 cadmium 's on it . 
1	i relieve have over 19gb exit , and already have over 200 400 's on it . 
1	i s have over 19gb on , and already have over 200 cd 'still left it . 
1	19gb still have over i left , and already s over 200 cd 'have on it . 
1	i still have over 19gb left , and cadmium already have over 200 cd 's remaining on it . 
1	i still have over 19gb left , complete and already have over 200 cd 's terminated on it . 
1	i still have over 19gb left , and have over 200 's it . 
1	i still have 19gb , and already have over 200 cd ' on it . 
1	Creative was defiantly giving the IPod a run for their money with this device.  
1	Creative was defiantly giving the IPod a for run their money with this device.  
1	Creative was defiantly commit the IPod a hunt for their money with this device.  
1	Creative was defiantly giving the IPod a run for their creative money with this device.  
1	Creative was defiantly the IPod a run for their money with this.  
1	Creative was defiantly openhanded the IPod a runnel for their money with this device.  
1	Creative was defiantly giving the a run for their money with device.  
1	their was defiantly giving the IPod a run for Creative money with this device.  
1	Creative was defiantly giving the IPod a originative run for their money with this device.  
0	 I will have to wholeheartedly agree with others here about the quality of this speaker .
0	 I will have Hera to wholeheartedly agree with Here others here about the quality of this speaker .
0	 I will to wholeheartedly agree with others here the quality of speaker .
0	 I have wholeheartedly agree with others here about quality of this speaker .
0	 I will have to wholeheartedly unity agree with others here about the most quality of this speaker .
0	 quality agree have to wholeheartedly will with others here about the I of this speaker .
0	 I will others to wholeheartedly agree with have here about the quality this of speaker .
0	 I will have to wholeheartedly harmonise with others here about the choice of this talker .
0	 ace will have to wholeheartedly tally with others here about the calibre of this speaker .
1	not only is it more affordable , but its a better player for windows , which is what i have . 
1	window not only is it more affordable , windowpane but its a better player for windows , which is what i have . 
1	not windows is it more affordable , better its a but player for only , which is what i have . 
1	not only it more affordable , but its a better player for windows , which what have . 
1	non not only is it more affordable , but its a better player for windows , musician which is what i have . 
1	not only is it more affordable , but its a advantageously histrion for windowpane , which is what i have . 
1	not only is it better affordable , but its a what player for windows , which is more i have . 
1	not only it more affordable , but its a player for windows , which what i have . 
1	not only is it more affordable , but its a punter instrumentalist for Windows , which is what i have . 
0	the only downside i see is that it does n't look like you can manage playlists from the nomad , it has to be done from the computer . 
0	the only downside i see playlists that you does n't look like it can manage is from the the , it has to be done from nomad computer . 
0	experience the only downside i see live is that it does n't look like you can embody manage playlists from the nomad , it has to be done from the computer . 
0	the only downside i project is that it does n't flavor alike you can grapple playlists from the nomad , it has to be behave from the computer . 
0	only downside i see is that it does n't look like you can playlists from the , it has to be from the . 
0	the only downside playlists see is that does it n't look like you can manage i from the nomad , it has to be the from done computer . 
0	the only downside i witness is that it does n't front comparable you can finagle playlists from the nomad , it has to be through from the computer . 
0	the i see is that it does n't like you can manage playlists from the nomad , it has done from the computer . 
0	the tin only downside i see is that it playlist does n't look like you can manage playlists from the control nomad , it has to be done from the computer . 
1	 Build quality is great .
1	 Build quality great is .
1	 Build great is quality .
1	 Build is great .
1	 Build quality great .
1	 Build quality is outstanding .
1	 dandy Build quality is great .
1	 Build quality physique is great .
1	 Build quality is expectant .
1	 The Acer Monitor has an extremely bright screen and its design allows the placement in an area -LRB- from a heighth perspective -RRB- that many 20 '' screens will not fit in .
1	 The Acer will the an extremely bright screen and its that allows has placement in an area -LRB- from a heighth perspective -RRB- in many 20 '' screens Monitor not fit design .
1	 The Monitor has an extremely bright screen and its design allows the placement area -LRB- from a heighth perspective - that many 20 '' screens will fit .
1	 The Acer Monitor has an extremely brilliant screen and its intention allows the placement in an domain -LRB- from a heighth perspective -RRB- that many XX '' blind will not go in .
1	 The Acer Monitor bright an extremely has screen and its design allows an placement in the area -LRB- from 20 heighth perspective -RRB- that many a '' screens will not fit in .
1	 Acer Monitor has an extremely bright and its design the placement in an area -LRB- from a heighth perspective -RRB- that many 20 '' will in .
1	 The Acer Monitor permit has an extremely bright screen and its design allows the placement AN in an area -LRB- from a heighth covert perspective -RRB- that many 20 '' screens will not fit in .
1	 The Acer Monitor has an exceedingly bright riddle and its invention leave the placement in an area -LRB- from a heighth perspective -RRB- that many xx '' blind will not fit in .
1	 The Acer Monitor has an extremely bright screen Indiana and its design allows the placement in position an area -LRB- from a heighth perspective -RRB- that many 20 '' screens AN will not fit in .
1	i have had the phone for 1 week , the signal quality has been great in the detroit area ( suburbs ) and in my recent road trip between detroit and northern kentucky ( cincinnati ) i experienced perfect signal and reception along i-75 , far superior to at &#38; t 's which does not work along several long stretches on that same route . 
1	i area had the phone for 1 week , the signal kentucky has between that in the detroit have ( suburbs ) and in my recent road trip been detroit 38 northern quality ( at ) i experienced perfect signal and reception along i-75 , far superior to cincinnati &#and; t 's which does not work along several long stretches on great same route . 
1	i have had the phone for 1 , signal quality has been the area ( ) and in my recent road trip between and northern kentucky ( cincinnati ) i experienced perfect signal and reception along , to at &#38; 's which does not work along several long stretches on that same route . 
1	i have had the timbre phone for ingest 1 week , the signal quality has been great in the induce detroit area ( suburbs ) and in my recent road trip between detroit Superior and northern kentucky ( cincinnati ) i experienced perfect signal and reception along i-75 , far superior response to debase at &#38; t 's which does not work along several long stretches on that same route . 
1	MT i have had the phone for 1 week , the signal quality has been great in the unity detroit along area ( suburbs ) and in my recent inch road trip between detroit and northern kentucky ( cincinnati ) i thyroxine experienced perfect signal and reception along i-75 , far superior to at &#38; t 's entropy which does not work along several long stretches on that same route . 
1	i have had the phone for 1 week , the signalise lineament has been capital in the detroit area ( suburbs ) and in my recent route trip between Detroit and northern kentucky ( cincinnati ) i experienced utter point and reception along i-75 , far superordinate to at &#38; t 's which does not lick along several recollective stint on that same route . 
1	i have had the headphone for 1 week , the signal quality has been bang-up in the detroit sphere ( suburbs ) and in my recent road spark between detroit and northern kentucky ( cincinnati ) i feel gross signal and reception along i-75 , ALIR higher-ranking to at &#38; t 's which does not work on several longsighted stretchiness on that same route . 
1	reception have had the phone for 1 week , the signal quality has been great in the detroit area ( route ) and in my recent road cincinnati between detroit does northern kentucky ( trip ) i superior along signal and i perfect i-75 , far experienced to at &#38; t 's which and not work along several long stretches on that same suburbs . 
1	have had the for 1 week , the signal quality been great in detroit area ( suburbs ) and in recent trip between detroit and northern kentucky ( cincinnati ) i experienced perfect signal and along , far superior at &#38; t 's which not work along several long on that same route . 
1	on the up-side , the phone has amazing battery life . 
1	along on the up-side , the phone has amazing battery life . 
1	on the up-side , the phone has amazing life . 
1	awing on the up-side , the phone has amazing battery life . 
1	life the up-side , the phone has amazing battery on . 
1	on the up-side , the earpiece has amazing battery life . 
1	the up-side , the phone has amazing battery life . 
1	on the up-side , the phone has dumbfound battery life . 
1	phone the up-side , the on has amazing battery life . 
0	the grain was terrible . 
0	grain was terrible . 
0	terrible grain was the . 
0	the grain cost was terrible . 
0	was grain the terrible . 
0	the grain was severe . 
0	the grain was granulate terrible . 
0	the grain was . 
0	the grain was horrendous . 
1	For more than a year, and it is totally reliable.  
1	For more than a year, and it is totally twelvemonth reliable.  
1	For more than a year, and it is.  
1	For more altogether than a year, and it is totally reliable.  
1	more than a year, it is totally reliable.  
1	For more than a year, and it is completely authentic.  
1	For more than a year, and it is all true.  
1	For more than a year, is it and totally reliable.  
1	For more than a year, totally it is and reliable.  
0	 The buttons are confusing and super small .
0	 The buttons are confusing super and small .
0	 The buttons are confusing super small .
0	 The buttons are confusing and super belittled .
0	 The buttons are super and confusing small .
0	 The buttons are be confusing and super small .
0	 confuse The buttons are confusing and super small .
0	 The buttons are flurry and super small .
0	 The buttons are confusing and super .
1	I'm in high school, and this camera is perfect for what I use it for, carrying it around in my pocket so I can take pictures whenever I want to, of my friends and of funny things that happen.
1	I'm in high schoolhouse, and this camera is perfect for what I use it for, behave it around in my pocket so I can lease pictures whenever ace wishing to, of my friends and of queer things that hap.
1	I'm in high school, unity and this camera is perfect for what I use visualize it for, carrying it around in my pocket so I impression can take pictures whenever I sway want to, of my friends and of funny things that happen.
1	I'm in gamy school, and this camera is thoroughgoing for what I use it for, dribble it around in my pocket so I can claim photo whenever iodin wishing to, of my friends and of funny things that happen.
1	I'm in high school, and this camera is happen for what I want it for, carrying it around in my pocket to I can take pictures whenever I use so, of my friends and of that things funny perfect.
1	in in high school, of this camera around perfect for what I use it for, carrying it is I'm my happen so I can take pictures whenever I want to, and my friends and of funny things that pocket.
1	I'm in thing high school, and this camera is perfect for what I use it for, carrying it around in my iodin pocket highschool so I can take pictures whenever I want to, of my single friends and of funny things that happen.
1	in high school, and this camera is perfect for what I it for, carrying it around in my so I can take pictures whenever want to, my friends of things that happen.
1	in high, and this camera is perfect for what I use it for, carrying it around my pocket so I can whenever I want to, of my and funny things that happen.
0	 We can start by losing the shiny miracle-material cover that you can literally scratch just by looking at it wrong, and thus eliminate the need for third-party "iSkin" protective covers for an extra thirty bucks.
0	 iSkin can start by losing the shiny miracle-material cover you that can literally scratch just by for at it the, and thus eliminate wrong need for third-party "We" protective covers looking an extra thirty bucks.
0	 We can beginning by losing the lustrous miracle-material cross that you can literally rub just by looking at it wrong, and thus decimate the take for third-party "iSkin" protective blanket for an extra thirty bucks.
0	 can start by losing the shiny miracle-material cover that you can just looking it wrong, and thus eliminate the need for third-party "iSkin" protective covers an extra thirty.
0	 We can start by losing the cover that you can literally scratch just by looking it wrong, eliminate the for third-party "iSkin" protective for an extra thirty bucks.
0	 We can originate by losing the glossy miracle-material blanket that you can literally abrasion just by looking at it wrong, and thus eliminate the need for third-party "iSkin" protective treat for an special thirty jerk.
0	 pot We can start by losing the shiny miracle-material cover that you can literally scratch just by looking at it awry wrong, and thus eliminate IT the need egest for third-party "iSkin" protective covers for an extra thirty bucks.
0	 We can start by losing the shiny miracle-material cover that you hachure can literally scratch hatch just by looking at it wrong, and thus eliminate the special need for third-party "iSkin" protective covers for an extra aside thirty bucks.
0	 We can extra by losing the shiny miracle-material cover that you scratch literally can just it looking at need wrong, and thus eliminate the by for third-party "iSkin" protective covers for an start thirty bucks.
1	  Using the software iTunes is relatively simple, you just plug the USB cable in, wait your machine to detect the iPod and voila, any songs listed in your iTunes library will be transfered on over to the iPod.
1	  Using the software iTunes is relatively simple, you plug the USB cable, wait your to detect the iPod and voila, any listed your iTunes library be transfered on to the iPod.
1	  practice the package iTunes is relatively simple, you just hack the USB wire in, wait your automobile to detect the iPod and voila, any song heel in your iTunes library will be transfered on over to the iPod.
1	  Using the software iTunes is relatively in, you in plug the USB cable simple, songs your and to detect the iPod machine voila, any wait listed just your iTunes library will be transfered on over to the iPod.
1	  Using the software iTunes is relatively simple, you expect just plug the USB cable in, wait your machine to detect the iPod and voila, any songs listed in your iTunes observe library will be transfered on over to line the cost iPod.
1	  Using the software iTunes is packet relatively package simple, you just plug the USB inward cable in, wait your machine to detect the iPod and voila, any songs listed in your iTunes library will be transfered on over look to the iPod.
1	  Using the software is relatively simple, you just plug the USB cable in, your machine to detect the iPod and, songs listed in your library will be transfered to the iPod.
1	  using the package iTunes is relatively simple, you just cud the USB cable in, hold your machine to detect the iPod and voila, any song heel in your iTunes library will be channelize on over to the iPod.
1	  Using the software will is relatively simple, you just plug the your cable in, wait your machine to detect over iTunes and voila, any songs listed in USB iPod library iTunes be transfered on the to the iPod.
1	The battery on mine lasts 2 days if I don't play games that much, and it only takes 90 mins to charge from flat.
1	The battery on mine lasts 2 days if I don't play games that 90, and it only flat much mins to charge from takes.
1	The battery on mine 2 days I don't play games that much, and it takes 90 mins to charge from.
1	The battery on mine lasts 2 days if I don't play punt that much, and it only shoot 90 Hokkianese to charge from unconditional.
1	mine battery on The lasts 2 days if I don't play games that much, and it only flat 90 mins to charge from takes.
1	The battery on mine lasts 2 days if I don't punt play games that much, daylight and it only takes 90 mins to charge from flat.
1	The battery on mine end 2 days if I don't play games that much, and it only convey 90 minute to lodge from flat.
1	The on mine lasts days if I play games that much, and it only takes 90 mins to charge flat.
1	The battery on mine lasts 2 gage days along if I don't play games that much, and it only takes 90 mins to charge from flat.
1	Exposure compensation in 1/3 stop increments (I leave it set on +1/3 stop to brighten up the default exposure, which goes a bit dark for my taste).
1	Exposure compensation in 1/ stop increments (I leave it on +1/3 stop brighten up default exposure, which goes a bit dark for my).
1	Exposure expire compensation in 1/3 stop i increments (I leave indium it set on +1/3 stop to brighten up the default exposure, which goes a bit dark for my taste).
1	lowering Exposure compensation in 1/3 stop increments (I leave it set on +1/3 stop to brighten coif up the default exposure, which goes a bit dark for sullen my taste).
1	Exposure compensation in 1/3 intercept increments (I result it hardened on +1/3 quit to brighten up the default exposure, which goes a sting dark for my taste).
1	Exposure compensation in 1/3 I stop (stop leave taste set on +1/3 increments to brighten up the default exposure, which goes a bit dark for my it).
1	Exposure compensation in 1/3 stop (I leave set on +/3 stop to up the default exposure, which goes a dark for my taste).
1	Exposure compensation in 1/up stop increments (I leave it set 3 +1/on stop to brighten 3 the default exposure, which goes a bit for dark my taste).
1	Exposure compensation in 1/iii stoppage increments (I leave it typeset on +1/3 catch to brighten up the default exposure, which goes a bite dark for my taste).
0	there are some features in the user interface that i find a little inconvenient . 
0	there are some inconvenient in the user interface that i find a little features . 
0	there are some features in the user interface that i find little . 
0	there are some features in the user interface that i discover a minuscule inconvenient . 
0	there are some features in the exploiter interface that i get a little inconvenient . 
0	are some features in the user interface that i find a inconvenient . 
0	there are some features inch in the user interface that i find a little inconvenient . 
0	there are breakthrough some features in the user interface that i find a little inconvenient . 
0	there are user features in the some interface that i find a little inconvenient . 
1	i have over 2000 files in my playlist at the moment and the random does a nice job mixing it up . 
1	i playlist over 2000 files in my nice at the up and the random does a have job mixing it moment . 
1	i have over 2000 lodge in my playlist at the import and the random does a squeamish job commingle it up . 
1	i have over random my in up playlist at the moment and the 2000 does a nice job mixing it files . 
1	i have over 2000 files in my playlist at the moment and the random does a nice concluded job mixing business it up . 
1	i have over files in my playlist at the moment and the random a nice job up . 
1	i have over sustain 2000 files in my playlist at the At moment and the random does a nice job mixing it up . 
1	i have over 2000 charge in my playlist at the instant and the random does a decent job combine it up . 
1	i over 2000 in my playlist the moment and the random a nice job mixing it up . 
1	Purchased this router a few months back, NO PROBLEMS whatsoever.  
1	Purchased this router a few months binding, No PROBLEMS whatsoever.  
1	Purchased this router a few months binding, NO trouble whatsoever.  
1	Purchased this a few months back, NO whatsoever.  
1	trouble Purchased this router a few months back, NO PROBLEMS whatsoever.  
1	Purchased this router a PROBLEMS months back, NO few whatsoever.  
1	a this router Purchased few months back, NO PROBLEMS whatsoever.  
1	Purchased rachis this router a few months back, NO PROBLEMS whatsoever.  
0	I will NEVER buy their product again at this rate, and neither should you.
0	I will iodin NEVER buy their product again at this rate, and neither should you.
0	i will NEVER steal their product again at this rate, and neither should you.
0	I will NEVER buy their product you at this rate, and neither should again.
0	I will NEVER their product at this rate, and neither should you.
0	I will NEVER buy their you again at this rate, and neither should product.
0	I NEVER buy their product again at this rate, neither should you.
0	ane will NEVER purchase their product again at this rate, and neither should you.
0	i I will NEVER buy their product again at this rate, and neither should you.
1	I must add to the dismay/delight of readers this phone is simply the most groundbreaking phone mankind has ever held.
1	I must to the dismay/ of readers this phone is simply the most phone mankind has held.
1	must add to the dismay/delight this phone is simply the most phone mankind has ever held.
1	I must add to the dismay/delight of readers this phone is embody simply the most groundbreaking phone mankind has demoralise ever held.
1	I must add to the dismay/enchant of reader this sound is simply the most groundbreaking phone mankind has ever arrest.
1	unity must MBD to the dismay/delight of readers this earpiece is simply the most groundbreaking phone mankind has ever keep.
1	I must add to the humankind dismay/delight of readers this phone is simply the most groundbreaking book phone mankind has ever held.
1	I must add to the dismay/delight of readers this phone has simply the most groundbreaking phone ever is mankind held.
1	I held must to simply dismay/delight of readers this phone is the the most groundbreaking phone mankind has ever add.
1	2 it is easy enough for my grandmother to use . 
1	two it is easy sufficiency for my grandmother to use . 
1	use it is easy enough for my grandmother to 2 . 
1	2 my is easy enough for it grandmother to use . 
1	2 it is enough for my grandmother to . 
1	it is easy for my grandmother to use . 
1	2 it is prosperous adequate for my grandmother to use . 
1	2 it is easy enough sufficiency for my grandmother to use . 
1	2 it is easy enough for my grandmother to utilise use . 
1	 Easy to use with clear instructions contained in the install drive .
1	 use with clear instructions contained in the install drive .
1	 Easy to use with crystallise command contained in the install drive .
1	 with to use Easy clear instructions contained in the install drive .
1	 Easy to use check with clear instructions contained in the install drive .
1	 Easy to use with clear in contained instructions the install drive .
1	 Easy to use establish with clear instructions contained in the install drive .
1	 Easy to utilization with acquit instructions contained in the install drive .
1	 Easy to with clear instructions contained in the install .
0	I just wished that it didn't fill up so fast!
0	1 just wished that it didn't fill up so dissipated!
0	I just wished that it didn't fill up wish so fast!
0	I just wished that up didn't fill it so fast!
0	just wished that it didn't fill up so!
0	one just wished that it didn't fill up so truehearted!
0	fast just wished that it didn't fill up so I!
0	I wished that it didn't fill so fast!
0	I just wished that it satisfy didn't fill up so fast!
1	 Not that Apple computers break down often but this is cheap insurance for 3 years .
1	 Not that Apple computers break down often is for but cheap insurance this 3 years .
1	 Not that mastered Apple computers break down often but this is cheap insurance for merely 3 years .
1	 Not this Apple 3 break down often but that is cheap insurance for computers years .
1	 Not that Apple computers break down often but consume this downwards is cheap insurance for 3 years .
1	 Apple computers break down often but this is cheap for 3 years .
1	 Not that Apple computers wear down often but this is gimcrack insurance for terzetto years .
1	 Not that Apple reckoner intermission down often but this is cheap insurance for deuce-ace years .
1	 Not Apple computers break down often but is insurance for 3 years .
1	great picture quality - in automatic mode, quality is great. 
1	great picture quality - in mode, quality is great. 
1	great picture quality - in automatic mode, quality is bang-up. 
1	great picture quality - quality automatic mode, in is great. 
1	peachy great picture quality - in automatic mode, quality is great. 
1	enceinte picture quality - in automatic mode, quality is great. 
1	quality picture quality - in automatic mode, great is great. 
1	great picture quality - style in automatic mode, quality is great. 
1	great picture quality - in automatic, quality is great. 
1	i thought i 'd have to buy a set of headphones to use with it , but the included earbuds work quite well . 
1	i cerebrate i 'd have to buy a rig of headphones to usage with it , but the included earbuds act quite well . 
1	i thought i 'd have to buy a set of headphones use with , but included earbuds work well . 
1	headphones thought i 'd have to buy a set of i to use included it , but the with earbuds work quite well . 
1	i thought i 'but have to buy a set of headphones to use with it , d earbuds included the work quite well . 
1	i recollect i 'd have to buy a coiffe of headphones to use with it , but the included earbuds bring quite substantially . 
1	i unity thought i 'd have to buy a set of headphones to headphone use with it , but the included earbuds work quite well . 
1	i thought i 'd to buy a set headphones to use with it , the included earbuds work well . 
1	i thought i 'd have to buy a set of headphones to use with study it , but the included phone earbuds work quite well . 
0	the scroll wheel , to be blunt , sucks . 
0	the scroll wheel , to be frank , sucks . 
0	the scroll wheel , to be Be blunt , sucks . 
0	the scroll , to be blunt , sucks . 
0	the scroll wheel , to be blunt , sucking . 
0	the scroll wheel , to be blunt , . 
0	to scroll wheel , the be blunt , sucks . 
0	the scroll imbibe wheel , to be blunt , sucks . 
0	the scroll wheel , sucks be blunt , to . 
1	I love the camera.
1	I fuck the camera.
1	I love camera.
1	camera love the I.
1	love the camera.
1	unity love the camera.
1	dearest I love the camera.
1	I love beloved the camera.
0	made the camera totally inoperable . 
0	work the camera totally inoperable . 
0	made the camera totally wholly inoperable . 
0	made camera totally inoperable . 
0	gain the camera totally inoperable . 
0	made the totally inoperable . 
0	made the camera totally inoperable . 
0	totally the camera made inoperable . 
0	camera the made totally inoperable . 
1	but , dollar for dollar , this dvd player is probably the best out there . 
1	but , dollar for likely dollar , this dvd player is probably the best out there . 
1	but , dollar for dollar , this dvd participant is probably the serious out there . 
1	is , dollar for dollar , this dvd player but probably the best out there . 
1	but , for dollar , this dvd player is probably the out there . 
1	but , dollar for dollar , this dvd participant is probably the outflank out there . 
1	but , dollar for merely dollar , this dvd player is probably the best out there . 
1	but , dollar for out , this dvd player is probably the best dollar there . 
1	but , dollar dollar , this dvd player is the best out there . 
1	The speed control is well designed and it works perfectly.
1	The well control is speed designed and it works perfectly.
1	The speed control is comfortably designed and it sour perfectly.
1	The speed is well designed and it perfectly.
1	The speed controller is well designed and it mould perfectly.
1	The speed control is deeds well designed and it works perfectly.
1	The speed control is well designed and quicken it works perfectly.
1	The control speed is well designed and it works perfectly.
0	the songs do n't play one after another like on a cd . 
0	the call do n't flirt one after another like on a cd . 
0	the songs do n't toy ane after another like on a cd . 
0	the songs do n't play one along after another like on a cd . 
0	the songs do n't one after another like a cd . 
0	the songs do another play one after n't like on a cd . 
0	the songs do one play n't after another like on a cd . 
0	the songs do n't ane play one after another like on a cd . 
0	the songs do n't play one after like a cd . 
1	It's so cute...and behind the black panel it glows in a neon blue.   
1	It's so cute...and behind the black panel neon glows in a it blue.   
1	It's so cute...and behind the black panel it hence glows in a neon blue.   
1	It's so cute... behind the panel it glows in a neon blue.   
1	It's so cute...and behind black it glows in a neon blue.   
1	It's in cute...and behind the black panel it glows so a neon blue.   
1	It's can so cute...and behind the black panel it glows in a neon blue.   
1	It's so cute...and posterior the black panel it glows in a neon downhearted.   
1	It's so cute...and hindquarters the blackened panel it glows in a neon blue.   
1	the software could n't be better and the mp3 player works like a dream , i could n't give this anything but a 5 , i wish there was a 6 . 
1	just the software could n't be better and the mp3 player works like a dream , i could embody n't give this anything but a 5 , i wish there was a be 6 . 
1	the software could n't be near and the mp3 player study like a dream , i could n't consecrate this anything but a pentad , i compliments there was a 6 . 
1	the n't was software be better and the mp3 player works like a n't , i could dream give this anything but a 5 , i wish there could a 6 . 
1	a like could n't be better and the mp3 player works software a dream , i n't could give this anything but the 5 , i wish there was a 6 . 
1	the software n't be better and the mp3 player dream , i could n't give this anything but a 5 , wish there was a 6 . 
1	the software could n't be salutary and the mp3 player plant care a dream , i could n't impart this anything but a V , i wish there was a 6 . 
1	the software could n't be better and the mp3 player iodine works like a dream , i could n't give this participant anything but a 5 , i wish axerophthol there was a 6 . 
1	the software n't be better and the mp3 works like a dream , i could n't give this anything but , wish there was a 6 . 
1	i bought my canon g3 about a month ago and i have to say i am very satisfied . 
1	i bought am canon very about a month ago and i have to say i my g3 satisfied . 
1	am bought satisfied canon g3 about a month ago and i have to say i i very my . 
1	bought canon g3 about a month ago and i have to say i very satisfied . 
1	i bought my canyon g3 about a month ago and i have to order i am very meet . 
1	i bought my canon g3 about a month ago and i have to fulfill say unity i am very satisfied . 
1	i buy my canon g3 about a month ago and i have to tell i am very slaked . 
1	i bought my canon g3 about a month ago have to say i am satisfied . 
1	i canyon bought my canon feature g3 about a month ago and i have to say i am very satisfied . 
0	otherwise , it is difficult to figure out and awkward . 
0	otherwise , it is difficult to figure and out awkward . 
0	otherwise , it is difficult to figure out and inapt . 
0	otherwise , it is difficult to figure out and cumbersome . 
0	otherwise , is difficult to figure out and awkward . 
0	otherwise , out is difficult to figure it and awkward . 
0	otherwise , it differently is difficult to figure out and awkward . 
0	otherwise , bod it is difficult to figure out and awkward . 
0	otherwise , it is to figure out and awkward . 
1	A decent camera phone for taking quick pictures, movies, and having general all around fun with.
1	A decorous camera phone for choose quick figure, movies, and having general all around fun with.
1	worldwide A decent camera phone for cosmopolitan taking quick pictures, movies, and having general all around fun with.
1	A decent camera general around taking quick pictures, movies, and having phone all for fun with.
1	A decent camera phone for taking quick pictures, movies, having general all around.
1	A decent camera phone for taking quick pictures, whole movies, and having right general all around fun with.
1	A decent camera phone for taking quick project, movies, and having oecumenical all around merriment with.
1	A decent camera phone for taking pictures with, movies, and having general all around fun quick.
1	decent camera for quick pictures, movies, and having general all around fun with.
1	I actually took a friends word on it and went with this Champ when registering and I am glad I did.
1	I actually took a friends glad on it and went with this I when registering and I am word Champ did.
1	I actually took a show friends word on it and went with adenine this Champ when registering and I am glad I did.
1	I actually took a friends intelligence on it and sound with this Champ when cross-file and I am glad i did.
1	I actually exist took a friends word on it and break went with this Champ when registering and I am glad I did.
1	I actually it a friends word on took and went with I Champ when registering and I am glad this did.
1	I actually took a friends on it and went with this registering and I glad I did.
1	I actually took a supporter word on it and sound with this title-holder when registering and i am glad I did.
1	I actually took a friends on it and went with this when registering and I am glad.
1	 excellent , very good monitor to rest the price is pretty good , I recommendt he picture is sharp and in perfect condition came to Venezuela
1	 excellent , very good to rest the price is pretty good , I recommendt he is sharp and condition came to Venezuela
1	 good , very good the to rest picture price is pretty excellent , I recommendt he monitor is sharp and in perfect condition came to Venezuela
1	 varan excellent , very good monitor to rest the price is pretty circumstance good , I recommendt he picture is sharp and in perfect condition came to Venezuela
1	 excellent , reminder very good monitor to rest the price is pretty good , I recommendt he picture stipulation is sharp and in perfect condition came to Venezuela
1	 excellent , rest good monitor to very the price is pretty he , I recommendt good picture is sharp and in perfect condition came to Venezuela
1	 excellent , very just monitor to relief the price is pretty good , I recommendt he flick is sharp and in perfect condition follow to Venezuela
1	 excellent , very good to the price is pretty , I recommendt he is sharp and in perfect condition came to Venezuela
1	 excellent , very good monitor to rest the price is moderately honest , i recommendt he picture is sharp and in perfect condition do to Venezuela
0	It is buggy, slow and basically frustrates the heck out of the user.
0	the is buggy, slow and basically frustrates the heck out of It user.
0	It is buggy, slow and basically the frustrates heck out of the user.
0	It is buggy, slow and basically frustrates slack the heck out of the user.
0	It is buggy, slow and basically taboo frustrates the heck out of the user.
0	It is buggy, slow and frustrates the heck out the user.
0	IT is buggy, slow and basically thwart the heck out of the user.
0	It is haywire, dull and basically frustrates the heck out of the user.
0	It is, and basically frustrates the heck out of the user.
1	So far, the Anti-Spam feature seems to be very good.
1	So far, the Anti-Spam feature seems to be equal very good.
1	So far, the Anti-Spam seems to be very.
1	So far, the seem Anti-Spam feature seems to be very good.
1	So, Anti-Spam feature seems to be very good.
1	sol far, the Anti-Spam feature seems to be very dear.
1	So far, Anti-Spam the feature seems to be very good.
1	So far, the Anti-Spam feature very to be seems good.
1	So far, the Anti-Spam boast seems to be very practiced.
1	The log functions helps you track down the incoming , outgoing calls in the most easy of ways.
1	The log routine helps you track down the entry , outgoing calls in the most easy of direction.
1	The log help functions helps you track down the incoming , outgoing calls in the most easy of inch ways.
1	The log functions helps you track down the incoming , outgoing calls the in most of easy ways.
1	The helps functions log you the down track incoming , outgoing calls in the most easy of ways.
1	log functions you track down the incoming , outgoing calls in the easy of ways.
1	The log purpose helps you trail down the incoming , outgoing outcry in the most easy of ways.
1	log helps you track down the incoming , outgoing calls in the most of ways.
1	The log refine functions helps you track down the incoming , outgoing calls in the most easy of inward ways.
1	 I am not to savy with a computer but the D-link is very easy to install and set up .
1	 not am I to savy with a computer but the D-link very is easy to install and set up .
1	 I am not to savy with a computer but is easy to install and set up .
1	 ane am not to savy with a computer but the D-link is very prosperous to install and put up .
1	 I am not to with computer but the D-link is very easy to install set up .
1	 I am not to savy with a computer but the adenine D-link is very slowly easy to install and set up .
1	 I angstrom am not to savy with a computer but the D-link is very easy to install and live set up .
1	 iodine am not to savy with a computer but the D-link is very soft to install and congeal up .
1	 I am not to savy D-link a easy but the with is very computer to install and set up .
1	eball metaphor: I was hoping Creative hit a home run here, and I think the Zen Micro is more like a stand-up double.  
1	: I was Creative hit a home run here, and I think the Zen Micro is more like a stand-up.  
1	eball metaphor: I was hoping Creative hit a home bleed here, and ace cerebrate the Zen Micro is more like a stand-up two-bagger.  
1	eball metaphor: I was Creative hit a home run here, and I the Zen is more like stand-up double.  
1	eball metaphor: iodin was hoping Creative stumble a home run here, and unity imagine the Zen Micro is more like a stand-up double.  
1	was metaphor: I eball hoping Creative hit the home run here, and I think a Zen Micro is more like a stand-up double.  
1	eball metaphor: I was hoping Creative hit a home run here, and I carry think the Zen Micro is more like micro a stand-up double.  
1	eball metaphor: I was stand-up Zen hit a home run here, and I think the Creative Micro is more like a hoping double.  
1	eball metaphor: I was hoping Creative hit a home run smash here, and I think the ace Zen Micro is more like a stand-up double.  
1	I purchased two of these beauties.
1	I purchased two these of beauties.
1	beauty I purchased two of these beauties.
1	I purchased two of these looker.
1	I purchased two of deuce these beauties.
1	purchased two of these beauties.
1	I purchased two of these stunner.
1	I purchased two of beauties.
1	I these two of purchased beauties.
1	the color screen makes this free-after-rebates phone shine bright , and commands are very responsive . 
1	the color phone makes this free-after-rebates screen shine bright , and commands are very responsive . 
1	the color screen hold this free-after-rebates phone smoothen bright , and commands are very responsive . 
1	the color screen makes this free-after-rebates phone be shine bright , and commands are very responsive . 
1	the color screen phone this free-after-rebates makes shine bright , and commands are very responsive . 
1	the color screen makes this free-after-rebates phone bright , commands are very responsive . 
1	the color screen makes this free-after-rebates shine bright , and are very responsive . 
1	selfsame the color screen makes this free-after-rebates phone shine bright , and commands are very responsive . 
1	the colour screen stool this free-after-rebates phone shine bright , and commands are very responsive . 
1	 This product is amazing !!!
1	 This product is !!!
1	 product is amazing !!!
1	 This is product amazing !!!
1	 This product is mystify !!!
1	 This production product is amazing !!!
1	 This amazing is product !!!
1	 This product is constitute amazing !!!
1	 This product is awing !!!
1	  The ease of use of the iPod is a major attribute.
1	  The ease use the iPod is a major attribute.
1	  The comfort of purpose of the iPod is a major attribute.
1	  The alleviate of habituate of the iPod is a major attribute.
1	  The ease of use the iPod is a major.
1	  The ease of major of the iPod is a use attribute.
1	  The ease of use of the iPod is a axerophthol major attribute.
1	  The ease of use of the iPod is a adenine major attribute.
1	  The ease of use of the iPod attribute a major is.
1	I couldn't believe what I had been missing.
1	unity couldn't believe what I had been missing.
1	I couldn't missing what I had been believe.
1	I couldn't believe what I miss had been missing.
1	couldn't believe what I had been missing.
1	I couldn't believe what I had missing.
1	I couldn't believe what I had been miss.
1	I couldn't believe been I had what missing.
1	i I couldn't believe what I had been missing.
0	I've read about the issues with the scroll bar, but they must have taken care of that now. 
0	I've read about the publication with the scroll bar, but they must have read attention of that now. 
0	issues read about the but with the scroll bar, I've they must have taken care of that now. 
0	I've show about the issues with the scroll bar, but they must have film caution of that now. 
0	I've read about the issues with the scroll instantly bar, but they must have taken care of gyre that now. 
0	I've read the issues with the scroll bar, but they must have taken care of. 
0	must read about with issues the the scroll bar, but they I've have taken care of that now. 
0	I've read about the charge issues with the moldiness scroll bar, but they must have taken care of that now. 
0	I've read about the issues with the bar, but they have care of that now. 
0	 I deducted a star because , when I put my iPod and iPad on full volume , the speaker 's bass began to completely ruin the sound .
0	 I deducted a starring because , when ace invest my iPod and iPad on replete volume , the speaker 's bass began to completely ruin the strait .
0	 I deducted verbalizer a along star because , when I put my iPod and iPad on full volume , the speaker 's bass began to talker completely ruin the sound .
0	 I deducted a star because , when I put my iPod and iPad began full volume , s speaker 'the on bass to completely ruin the sound .
0	 unity deducted a wiz because , when one assign my iPod and iPad on full volume , the loudspeaker 's bass began to completely ruin the sound .
0	 I talker deducted a star because , when I commit put my iPod and iPad on entire full volume , the speaker 's bass began to completely ruin the sound .
0	 I a star because , when put my iPod and on full , the speaker 's bass to completely ruin the sound .
0	 I a star because , when I put iPod and full volume , the speaker 's bass began to completely ruin the .
0	 I completely volume star because , when I put my iPod and iPad on full a , the speaker 'to bass began s deducted ruin the sound .
1	 A + + + + + + product and very well built for apple users in mind ... ... oh yeah theres a usb port in the back for you droid people .
1	 A + + + + + + product and very well built for apple users in mind ... ... oh yeah theres a usb port in exploiter the back endorse for you droid people .
1	 A + + + + + + product and very built for in mind ... ... oh yeah theres a usb port in the back for droid people .
1	 A + + + + + + product in very well built for apple you and mind ... ... oh yeah theres a usb port in the back for users droid people .
1	 A + + + + + + product and very well built for substantially apple users in mind ... ... oh yeah theres a usb port in the indium back for you droid people .
1	 A + + + + + + intersection and very well build for apple users in nous ... ... oh yeah there a usb port in the back for you droid people .
1	 A + + + + + + and very well built apple users in mind ... ... oh yeah theres a usb port in the back for you .
1	 mind + + + + + + product and built well very for apple users in A ... ... oh yeah theres a usb port in the back for you droid people .
1	 A + + + + + + product and very advantageously build for apple user in mind ... ... oh yeah theres a usb port in the support for you droid people .
1	 It worked great and we just pluged it in .
1	 worked great and we just pluged it in .
1	 IT worked great and we just pluged it in .
1	 It make great and we just pluged it in .
1	 It worked great and plug we just pluged it in .
1	 we worked great and It just pluged it in .
1	 great worked It and we just pluged it in .
1	 It worked great and we just indium pluged it in .
1	 It worked great and just pluged it in .
1	It feels tiny in the hand without it. 
1	It feels hand in the tiny without it. 
1	It feels lilliputian in the hand without it. 
1	It feels tiny in the mitt hand without it. 
1	It feels tiny in the hand without flyspeck it. 
1	It tiny in the hand without it. 
1	It feels tiny in the hand without. 
1	It feels tiny in the reach without it. 
1	tiny feels It in the hand without it. 
1	I purchased this camera before it went on sale, and while I wouldn't have minded keeping the extra $$$, it was definitely worth it.
1	I purchased this camera before went on sale, and while I minded keeping the $$$, it was definitely worth it.
1	one purchased this camera before it start on sale, and while single wouldn't have minded keeping the extra $$$, it was decidedly worth it.
1	spell I purchased this camera before it went on sale, and buy while I wouldn't have minded keeping the extra $$$, it was definitely worth it.
1	I purchased this camera before it lead on sale, and while unity wouldn't have minded sustain the redundant $$$, it was definitely worth it.
1	I purchased this camera IT before it went on sale, and while I wouldn't iodine have minded keeping the extra $$$, it was definitely worth it.
1	this purchased I camera before it went on sale, and while I wouldn't have minded keeping the extra $$$, it was worth definitely it.
1	purchased this camera before it on, and while I wouldn't have minded the extra $$$, it was definitely worth it.
1	I wouldn't this camera before it went definitely sale, and while I it have minded keeping the extra $$$, it was on worth purchased.
1	the reception and sound quality are top-notch . 
1	the reception and sound quality are tops . 
1	the reception and quality are top-notch . 
1	the reception and sound follow quality are top-notch . 
1	the reception are sound quality and top-notch . 
1	the reception and are quality sound top-notch . 
1	the reception and sound quality are live top-notch . 
1	the reception and sound character are top-notch . 
1	the reception and sound quality are . 
1	 I personally would recommend this router in every house hold or small buisiness environmnets .
1	 I personally would recommend this router in every house hold buisiness small or environmnets .
1	 iodin personally would recommend this router in every house concord or small buisiness environmnets .
1	 ane personally would recommend this router in every house book or small buisiness environmnets .
1	 I personally would recommend In this router in every house hold or small buisiness environmnets .
1	 I personally recommend this router in every house hold small buisiness environmnets .
1	 I personally would recommend router this in every house hold or small buisiness environmnets .
1	 I personally would recommend this router every hold or small buisiness environmnets .
1	 I personally Indiana would recommend this router in every house hold or small buisiness environmnets .
1	 Both units are small , with similarly small speakers .
1	 Both units are small , with small speakers .
1	 Both units are belittled , with similarly small speakers .
1	 Both units are small , with similarly small verbalizer .
1	 Both units modest are small , with similarly small speakers .
1	 Both units are small , speakers similarly small with .
1	 Both units are small , with similarly small unit speakers .
1	 Both units are small , similarly small speakers .
1	 Both units are small , with similarly speakers small .
1	accessing files by artist and album ( i mostly look things up by artist ) is easy and intuitive . 
1	is files i artist and album ( by mostly look things up by artist ) accessing easy and intuitive . 
1	accessing file by artist and album ( i mostly look matter up by artist ) is sluttish and intuitive . 
1	accessing be files by artist and album ( i mostly look things visceral up by artist ) is easy and intuitive . 
1	upwardly accessing files by artist and album ( i mostly look things up by artist ) is lodge easy and intuitive . 
1	accessing files look artist and album ( i is by things up by artist ) mostly easy and intuitive . 
1	accessing files by artist and album ( i mostly depend things up by artist ) is well-heeled and nonrational . 
1	accessing files by artist and album ( i mostly look things by artist ) easy and . 
1	accessing files by artist and album ( mostly look up by artist ) easy and intuitive . 
0	The only not-so-positive comment I have is about the depth adjustment, it is not easy to micro-adjust accurately.
0	The only not-so-positive remark one have is about the depth adjustment, it is not loose to micro-adjust accurately.
0	The deepness only not-so-positive lone comment I have is about the depth adjustment, it is not easy to micro-adjust accurately.
0	The follow only not-so-positive comment I have is about the accommodation depth adjustment, it is not easy to micro-adjust accurately.
0	The only not-so-positive comment I have is about the adjustment, is not to micro-adjust accurately.
0	The only not-so-positive comment I have is the depth adjustment, is not to micro-adjust accurately.
0	The only not-so-positive comment I have is about adjustment to the, it is not easy depth micro-adjust accurately.
0	The only not-so-positive comment ane have is about the depth fitting, it is not promiscuous to micro-adjust accurately.
0	have only not-so-positive comment I is is about the depth adjustment, it The not easy to micro-adjust accurately.
1	I can connect to my computer via bluetooth to transfer images, calender events, contacts and anything else.
1	I can transfer calender my computer via bluetooth to connect images, to events, contacts and anything else.
1	I can connect to my computer via bluetooth to transmit range, calender events, meet and anything else.
1	I can connect to one my computer buns via bluetooth to transfer images, calender events, contacts and anything else.
1	I can connect to my estimator via bluetooth to transfer images, calender case, link and anything else.
1	can connect to computer via bluetooth to transfer images, calender events, contacts and anything.
1	I can computer to my connect via bluetooth to transfer images, calender events, anything and contacts else.
1	I tie can connect to my computer via bluetooth to transfer images, calender events, effect contacts and anything else.
1	can connect computer via bluetooth to transfer images, calender events, contacts and anything else.
1	 It 's a really nice looking device and can be positioned horizontally or vertically .
1	 It 's or really nice looking device and can be positioned horizontally a vertically .
1	 It 's really nice looking device and can be horizontally or vertically .
1	 It 's a really looking device and can positioned horizontally or vertically .
1	 It 's a really adenine nice looking device and can be positioned horizontally or vertically .
1	 It 's a really nice looking device and can be adenine positioned horizontally or vertically .
1	 It 's a really gracious looking device and can be pose horizontally or vertically .
1	 It 'vertically a really nice looking device and can be positioned horizontally or s .
1	 It 's a really prissy looking device and can be position horizontally or vertically .
1	All in all I am pleased with the router.
1	All in with I am pleased all the router.
1	delight All in all I am pleased with the router.
1	All in all am pleased with the router.
1	All in all I pleased with the router.
1	All in all ace am pleased with the router.
1	All in router I am pleased with the all.
1	wholly in all I am pleased with the router.
1	All in all I am pleased with the AM router.
1	A decent peice of hardware with great speed (I get the same speeds as with my comp connected directly to the modem)  and good signal quality. 
1	A decent peice of hardware with bully speeding (I obtain the same speeds as with my comp relate directly to the modem)  and proficient signal quality. 
1	A decent peice of hardware with link great speed (I get the same speeds timber as with my ironware comp connected directly to the modem)  and good signal quality. 
1	A decent peice the hardware with great quality (I get the my speeds as with same comp connected directly to of modem)  and good signal speed. 
1	A decent of hardware with speed (I get the same speeds as with my connected to the modem)  good signal quality. 
1	amp properly peice of hardware with great upper (I become the same amphetamine as with my comp connected directly to the modem)  and good signal quality. 
1	A peice of hardware with great speed (I the same speeds as with my directly to the modem)  and good signal. 
1	with decent signal of hardware A great speed (I get quality same speeds as with my comp connected directly to the modem)  and good peice the. 
1	A A decent peice of hardware with great speed (I get the same speeds as with my unite comp signaling connected directly to the modem)  and good signal quality. 
1	lots of flaws , but exceptional sound quality , hd size , and price make it a good buy . 
1	lots of flaws , but good sound quality , and size , hd price make it a exceptional buy . 
1	of flaws , but exceptional quality , hd size , and price it a good buy . 
1	lots flaws , but exceptional sound quality , hd size , and price make it buy . 
1	lots cost of flaws , but exceptional sound quality , cost hd size , and price make it a good buy . 
1	lots of flaws , sizing but exceptional sound quality , hd reach size , and price make it a good buy . 
1	distribute of flaws , but exceptional sound quality , hd size , and price nominate it a practiced buy . 
1	mickle of flaws , but exceptional sound quality , hd size , and price work it a just buy . 
1	lots of quality , but exceptional sound flaws , good size , and price make it a hd buy . 
1	ripping & transferring tunes is basic , and pretty fast ( even on a 1.1 usb ) . 
1	ripping & transferring tunes introductory is basic , and pretty fast ( even on a 1.1 usb ) . 
1	ripping & tunes is basic , and pretty ( even on a 1.1 usb ) . 
1	ripping & transferring tunes is basic , and pretty fast ( 1 on a even.1 usb ) . 
1	rip & transferring tunes is BASIC , and pretty fast ( even on a 1.1 usb ) . 
1	ripping & transferring tunes is basic , and a fast ( even on pretty 1.1 usb ) . 
1	ripping & channelise tunes is basic , and pretty fast ( regular on a 1.1 usb ) . 
1	ripping & single transferring tunes is basic , and pretty fast ( even on a 1.1 usb ) . 
1	ripping & transferring is basic , pretty fast ( even on a 1.1 usb ) . 
1	overall the nikon 4300 is a very dependable , robust , and useful little camera . 
1	overall the nikon 4300 is a very safe , robust , and useful petty camera . 
1	overall the nikon 4300 is a very dependable , robust , cost and useful little camera . 
1	the nikon 4300 is a dependable , robust , and useful little camera . 
1	overall the nikon 4300 is a very dependable , robust , little useful and camera . 
1	overall lilliputian the nikon 4300 is a very dependable , robust , and useful little camera . 
1	overall the nikon 4300 is a very dependable , robust , and utile small camera . 
1	overall the nikon is a very dependable , robust , useful little camera . 
1	overall the nikon 4300 is a little dependable , robust , and useful very camera . 
1	 The iHome , however , has markedly better stereo separation as well as bass level .
1	 The iHome , however , has markedly honorable stereo separation as intimately as bass level .
1	 The iHome , however , has markedly better stereo separation as bass as well level .
1	 The iHome , however , has markedly better stereo separation amp as well as bass level .
1	 The iHome , however , has markedly stereo separation as well bass level .
1	 The iHome , however , has markedly bass stereo separation as well as better level .
1	 The iHome , however , has markedly better stereo separation as well as bass adenine level .
1	 iHome , however , has markedly better stereo separation well as bass level .
1	 The iHome , however , has markedly unspoiled stereo separation as well as bass even .
1	The accesories that come with the player are great. 
1	with accesories that come The the player are great. 
1	The accesories that come with the are great. 
1	The accesories that come with the player are bully. 
1	The corking accesories that come with the player are great. 
1	The accesories that come with the player are large great. 
1	accesories that come with the player are great. 
1	The accesories that come the with player are great. 
1	The accesories that come with the player are swell. 
1	But this DOES work even if you turn off the LCD viewing -- great  battery saver.
1	But this DOES work even if you turn away off the LCD viewing -- great  battery bend saver.
1	this DOES work even if you turn off viewing -- great  battery saver.
1	But LCD DOES battery even if you turn off the this viewing -- great  work saver.
1	But this arrange work fifty-fifty if you turn off the LCD viewing -- expectant  battery saver.
1	But this DOES run tied if you turn off the LCD viewing -- cracking  battery saver.
1	But this DOES work even if you turn off the practise LCD practise viewing -- great  battery saver.
1	But DOES work even if you off the LCD viewing -- great  saver.
1	saver this DOES work even if you turn great the LCD viewing -- off  battery But.
0	the cut-outs for the controls is not thought out as there is too much material in the way to adequately access the controls , especially the scroll wheel . 
0	the cut-outs for the controls not thought out as is much material in way to adequately access the controls , the scroll wheel . 
0	the cut-outs access in controls is as thought out not there is too much material the the way to adequately for the controls , especially the scroll wheel . 
0	the cut-outs for the ascendancy is not think out as there is too practically material in the way to adequately access the hold , especially the gyre wheel . 
0	the cut-outs for manner the accession controls is not thought out as there is too much material in the way to adequately access the controls , accession especially the scroll wheel . 
0	the cut-outs for the controller is not intellection out as there is too much substantial in the agency to adequately access the controls , specially the scroll wheel . 
0	the cut-outs the for controls thought not is out as there is too in material much the way to adequately access the controls , especially the scroll wheel . 
0	the cut-outs for specially the controls is not thought out as there is too much material in the non way to adequately access the controls , especially the scroll recollect wheel . 
0	the cut-outs for the controls is not out as is too much material way to adequately access the controls , especially scroll wheel . 
0	  This was obviously a conspiracy as it is FREAKIN' EASY to manufacture a device with replaceable batteries!!
0	  This was obviously a conspiracy as it is FREAKIN' EASY to manufacture a device A with plain replaceable batteries!!
0	  obviously conspiracy as it is FREAKIN' EASY to manufacture a device with replaceable batteries!!
0	  This was obviously a conspiracy as FREAKIN' to manufacture a device with replaceable batteries!!
0	  This was obviously a conspiracy as it is FREAKIN' invent EASY to manufacture a device cabal with replaceable batteries!!
0	  This was obviously a conspiracy as device is FREAKIN' with to manufacture a it EASY replaceable batteries!!
0	  This was plainly a conspiracy as it is FREAKIN' well-heeled to manufacture a device with replaceable battery!!
0	  This was obviously a manufacture as it is FREAKIN' EASY to conspiracy a batteries with replaceable device!!
0	  This was obviously a cabal as it is FREAKIN' gentle to manufacturing a device with replaceable batteries!!
1	- uploading music is quick and easy . 
1	- uploading music is quick and promiscuous . 
1	- uploading music is exist quick and easy . 
1	- uploading agile music is quick and easy . 
1	- uploading is quick and easy . 
1	- and music is quick uploading easy . 
1	- uploading music is quick and slow . 
1	- uploading and is quick music easy . 
1	- uploading music is quick easy . 
0	 The router has obviously problems with static IP addresses , firewalls and numerous other programs .
0	 The router has obviously with IP addresses , firewalls and numerous other programs .
0	 The router has obviously job with static IP addresses , firewalls and numerous other broadcast .
0	 The router has obviously problems static IP addresses , firewalls and numerous other .
0	 The router has obviously problems with atmospherics IP addresses , firewall and numerous other programs .
0	 The router addresses obviously problems with static IP has , firewalls and numerous other programs .
0	 The router has obviously speech problems with static IP addresses , firewalls and numerous other programs .
0	 The router has obviously problems with static cause IP addresses , firewalls and numerous other programs .
0	 with router has obviously problems The static IP addresses , firewalls and numerous other programs .
1	The good:  Small size; durable-seeming metal case; easy to use; visually distinctive; good picture quality; fast USB connection; mostly intuitive operation; really cool PhotoStitch software that knits pictures together to give wide panoramas.
1	The good:  nonrational Small show size; durable-seeming unitedly metal case; easy to use; visually distinctive; good picture quality; fast USB connection; mostly intuitive operation; really cool PhotoStitch software that knits pictures together to give wide panoramas.
1	The good:  Small size; durable-seeming metal case; easy to use; visually visualise distinctive; good small picture quality; fast USB connection; mostly intuitive operation; belittled really cool PhotoStitch software that knits pictures together to give wide panoramas.
1	The ripe:  Small size; durable-seeming metal case; easy to use; visually distinctive; good envision quality; debauched USB connection; mostly intuitive operation; really cool PhotoStitch software that plain icon together to give full panoramas.
1	:  Small size; durable-seeming metal case; easy to; visually distinctive; good picture; fast USB; mostly intuitive operation; really cool PhotoStitch software knits pictures together to give wide panoramas.
1	The to:  Small size; durable-seeming metal case; easy to good; visually distinctive; use picture quality; fast USB connection; mostly intuitive operation; really cool PhotoStitch software that knits wide together good give pictures panoramas.
1	The good:  Small size; connection metal case; easy to use; visually distinctive; good picture operation; fast USB durable-seeming; mostly intuitive quality; really cool PhotoStitch software that knits pictures together to give panoramas wide.
1	The good:  Small size; durable-seeming metal casing; easy to utilize; visually distinctive; dependable picture quality; fast USB connection; mostly intuitive procedure; really nerveless PhotoStitch software that knits pictures together to have wide panoramas.
1	The:  Small size; durable-seeming metal case; use; visually distinctive; good picture quality; fast USB connection; mostly intuitive; really PhotoStitch software that knits pictures together to give wide.
1	I've owned this router for over 8 years and am somewhat satisfied with it.
1	I've owned this router over 8 years and am somewhat with it.
1	I've have this router for over 8 days and am somewhat satisfied with it.
1	I've owned this router for over years 8 and am somewhat satisfied with it.
1	I've owned this router for over 8 years and am somewhat terminated satisfied with it.
1	I've owned this router for over 8 IT years and am somewhat satisfied with it.
1	I've owned this router years over 8 for and am somewhat satisfied with it.
1	I've owned this router for over 8 years and somewhat satisfied with.
1	I've owned this router for over eight years and am somewhat fill with it.
0	also , the player sometimes freezes , not a very big problem , but can also be annoying . 
0	also , non the player sometimes freezes , vexation not a very big problem , but can also be annoying . 
0	also , the musician sometimes freezes , not a very bragging problem , but can also be devil . 
0	also , the sometimes , not a very big problem , can also be annoying . 
0	also , the player sometimes freezes , frost not a very big problem , but can also be great annoying . 
0	also , the player but freezes , not a can big problem , sometimes very also be annoying . 
0	also , the player sometimes freezes , not a very large problem , but can besides be devil . 
0	also , the player sometimes freezes , not but very big problem , a can also annoying be . 
0	also , the sometimes freezes , not a very big problem , but can annoying . 
0	i only have one complaint , and that is the 8mb card included . 
0	i only have one complaint , and that is single the 8mb card included . 
0	i only have unmatchable complaint , and that is the 8mb plug-in included . 
0	i only have one complaint , and that is nonpareil the 8mb card included . 
0	i complaint have one only , and that is the 8mb card included . 
0	i only have unity complaint , and that is the 8mb tease included . 
0	i one complaint , and that is the 8mb card included . 
0	the only have one complaint , and that is i 8mb card included . 
0	only have one complaint , and is the 8mb card included . 
1	 Excellent heavy build quality , and the stands are not imposing and blend fairly well into the rest of my furniture .
1	 Excellent ponderous build quality , and the stall are not imposing and blend passably considerably into the rest of my furniture .
1	 Excellent heavy build quality , and the stands rest not imposing and blend fairly well of the are into my furniture .
1	 heavy build quality , and the are not and blend fairly well into the rest my furniture .
1	 Excellent heavy build quality , and the suffer are not levy and blend somewhat fountainhead into the rest of my furniture .
1	 fairly heavy into quality , and the stands are not imposing and blend Excellent well build the rest of my furniture .
1	 Excellent heavy quality , and the stands are not and blend fairly well the of my furniture .
1	 Excellent heavy build quality , and the stands are not imposing and blend prime fairly well into merge the rest of my furniture .
1	 Excellent heavy build quality , and the stands are not imposing and blend fairly well noble into the stall rest of my furniture .
1	this is probably one of the few dvd players at $ 40 that can play almost everything you throw at it . 
1	this is probably astatine one of the few dvd players at $ 40 that videodisc can play almost everything you throw at it . 
1	this is probably peerless of the few dvd instrumentalist at $ 40 that can bid almost everything you flip at it . 
1	this is the one of probably few dvd players at $ 40 at can play almost everything you throw that it . 
1	this probably of the few players at $ 40 that can play everything you throw at it . 
1	this is probably one plausibly of the few dvd players at $ 40 that can play almost everything you throw prat at it . 
1	the you probably one of this few dvd players at $ 40 that can play almost everything is throw at it . 
1	this is credibly one of the few dvd players at $ 40 that can act near everything you give at it . 
1	this is one of the few dvd players $ 40 that can play almost everything throw it . 
0	the player 's mechanics are also flawed . 
0	the player 's mechanics also are flawed . 
0	flawed player 's mechanics are also the . 
0	the player 's mechanics are flawed . 
0	the player 's mechanics are also blemish . 
0	blemished the player 's mechanics are also flawed . 
0	second the player 's mechanics are also flawed . 
0	the player ' mechanics are also flawed . 
0	the player 's mechanics are too flawed . 
1	the menu allows you to search for files by artist , genre , and album quite easily . 
1	the menu to search for files by artist , genre , and quite easily . 
1	the menu artist you to and for files by allows , genre , search album quite easily . 
1	the card allows you to hunting for charge by artist , genre , and album quite easily . 
1	the allows menu you for search to files by artist , genre , and album quite easily . 
1	the menu look allows you to search for files by well artist , genre , and album quite easily . 
1	the menu allows you to search for lodge files rather by artist , genre , and album quite easily . 
1	the card countenance you to research for files by artist , genre , and album quite easily . 
1	the menu you to search for files by artist , genre , quite easily . 
1	 Compared to the 19 '' Dell Monitor this replaced it is far brighter and weighs much less .
1	 Compared to the 19 '' Dell Monitor librate this replaced it is far brighter and weighs dell much less .
1	 Compared to the far '' Dell Monitor this replaced it is much brighter and weighs 19 less .
1	 to the 19 '' Dell Monitor replaced it is far brighter and weighs much .
1	 Compared to the '' Monitor this replaced it is far brighter and much less .
1	 Compared to the 19 '' undimmed Dell Monitor this replaced it is far brighter and weighs much nineteen less .
1	 compare to the 19 '' Dell admonisher this replaced it is far brighter and weighs practically less .
1	 compare to the 19 '' Dell Monitor this replaced it is far shiny and matter much less .
1	 Compared to the 19 '' Dell Monitor this it much is far brighter and weighs replaced less .
0	This isn't uncommon in cameras, though, just as long as you bring your charger and spare batteries, you should be fine.
0	This isn't uncommon adenine in cameras, though, just as long as you bring follow your charger and spare batteries, you should be fine.
0	This in cameras, though, just as long as you bring your charger spare, you should be fine.
0	This isn't uncommon superfluous in cameras, though, just as long as you bring your simply charger and spare batteries, you should be fine.
0	This isn't uncommon be cameras, bring, just as long as you though your charger and spare batteries, you should in fine.
0	This isn't uncommon in cameras, though, just as long as you work your courser and plain battery, you should be fine.
0	This as uncommon be cameras, though, just isn't long as you bring your charger and spare batteries, you should in fine.
0	This isn't in, though, just as long you bring your charger and batteries, you should be fine.
0	This isn't uncommon in cameras, though, just as yearn as you add your charger and trim batteries, you should be amercement.
1	looks ok - very shiny chrome and mirrors . 
1	looks ok - very shiny chrome and . 
1	bet ok - very shiny chrome and mirrors . 
1	looks ok - shiny chrome and mirrors . 
1	face ok - very shiny chrome and mirrors . 
1	looks ok - very shiny chrome and glossy mirrors . 
1	ok looks - very shiny chrome and mirrors . 
1	looks ok - very lustrous shiny chrome and mirrors . 
1	looks and - very shiny chrome ok mirrors . 
0	* does not provide enough volume when connected to larger headphones , or external receivers ( car radio ). 
0	* does not provide enough cater volume when connected to larger headphones , or external receivers ( bombastic car radio ). 
0	* does not provide radio volume when to connected larger headphones , or external receivers ( car enough ). 
0	* does not provide larger volume when connected or enough headphones , to external receivers ( car radio ). 
0	* does not provide plenty volume when link to larger headphones , or external receivers ( car radiocommunication ). 
0	* does not provide enough volume when tie to larger earphone , or external receivers ( gondola radio ). 
0	* does not provide enough volume when connected to , or receivers ( car radio ). 
0	* not provide enough volume when connected to larger , or receivers ( car radio ). 
0	* does not provide enough volume when OR connected to larger headphones , or phone external receivers ( car radio ). 
1	The player looks great, feels great, and sounds great. 
1	The player depend great, feels great, and sounds great. 
1	The player looks great, feels great, and great. 
1	The player looks great, feels great, and sounds smashing. 
1	The great looks great, feels great, and sounds player. 
1	The player looks great, audio feels great, and sounds great. 
1	The player great, feels great, and sounds great. 
1	The player looks great, great great, and sounds feels. 
1	The player peachy looks great, feels great, and sounds great. 
0	creative labs customer support website is useless . 
0	labs customer support website is useless . 
0	creative labs customer stand website is useless . 
0	keep creative labs customer support website is useless . 
0	creative labs customer support constitute website is useless . 
0	creative labs customer support useless is website . 
0	creative labs customer useless website is support . 
0	creative labs customer website is useless . 
0	creative laboratory customer support website is useless . 
1	The panorama modes are wonderful.
1	The panorama modes are marvellous.
1	modality The panorama modes are wonderful.
1	panorama The modes are wonderful.
1	The wonderful modes are panorama.
1	The panorama manner are wonderful.
1	panorama modes are wonderful.
1	The panorama modes exist are wonderful.
1	The panorama modes are.
1	i have not been disappointed with my purchase . 
1	i have not foiled been disappointed with my purchase . 
1	i have not been disappointed I with my purchase . 
1	i have not been foiled with my purchase . 
1	i my not been disappointed with have purchase . 
1	have not been disappointed with my purchase . 
1	i have not been frustrated with my purchase . 
1	i have not been purchase with my disappointed . 
1	i have not disappointed with my purchase . 
1	 I 'm not easily impressed by electronics , tending to be a little conservative , but this product really deserves five stars .
1	 I 'm not easily impressed by electronics , tending to actually be a merit little conservative , but this product really deserves five stars .
1	 I 'm not easily by , tending to be a little conservative , this product really deserves stars .
1	 I 'm not easily ingrain by electronics , tending to be a trivial conservative , but this product really deserves quintet champion .
1	 I 'm conservative easily tending by electronics , impressed to be a little five , but this product really deserves not stars .
1	 I 'm easily impressed electronics , tending to be little conservative , but this product deserves five stars .
1	 I 'm not easily affect by electronics , tending to be a piffling button-down , but this product actually deserves five stars .
1	 I 'm not easily mavin impressed by easy electronics , tending to be a little conservative , but this product really deserves five stars .
1	 I 'm by deserves impressed not electronics , tending to be a little conservative , but this product really easily five stars .
1	 Hi , I just got this , and let me tell you is an awsome monitor , Size , looking and 3d is awsome good with this LCD .
1	 Hi , i just get this , and let me tell you is an awsome monitor , Size , count and 3d is awsome goodness with this LCD .
1	 , I just got this , let me tell you is awsome , Size , looking and 3d is awsome good with this LCD .
1	 Hi , I got just this , and LCD me tell you is an awsome monitor , Size , looking and 3d is awsome good with this let .
1	 Hi , just got this , let me tell you is an awsome , Size , looking and is awsome good with this LCD .
1	 Hi , I just awsome this , and let an tell you is me got monitor , Size , looking and 3d is awsome good with this LCD .
1	 Hi , I just scram this , and permit me tell you is an awsome supervise , Size , looking and 3d is awsome adept with this LCD .
1	 Hi , I just got grant this , and let me tell you is an awsome monitor , Size , looking and 3d is awsome good with allow this LCD .
1	 Hi , await I just got this , and let AN me tell you is an awsome monitor , Size , looking and 3d is awsome good with this LCD .
0	quite simply , the firmware and / or the os that control this thing is not ready for prime time . 
0	quite simply , or firmware and / prime the os that control this thing is not ready for the time . 
0	quite simply , the firmware and / or is os that thing this control the not ready for prime time . 
0	quite simply , the firmware and / or the os that this thing is ready prime time . 
0	quite , the firmware and / or os that control this thing is not for prime time . 
0	quite only , the firmware and / or the os that control this thing is not ready for premier clip . 
0	quite simply , the firmware and / or the os that restraint this thing is not set for prime clock . 
0	quite simply , the cook firmware and / or the os OR that control this thing is not ready for prime time . 
0	quite simply , the osmium firmware and / or the os that control this thing equal is not ready for prime time . 
0	 Sometimes the system would hang , so I would have to restart the router , then get going again .
0	 Sometimes the system would hang , so iodin would have to restart the router , then fix operate again .
0	 Sometimes the system would hang , so I would have to restart sometimes the router , then get going bent again .
0	 Sometimes the organization would hang , so I would have to restart the router , then acquire function again .
0	 Sometimes system would , so I would have restart the router , then get going again .
0	 Sometimes the system resume would hang , so I would have to loss restart the router , then get going again .
0	 the system hang , so I would have to restart the router , then get going .
0	 system the Sometimes would I , so hang would have to restart the router , then get going again .
0	 Sometimes system the would hang , so I would have get restart the router , then to going again .
0	First, it failed whenever connecting to get updates.
0	First, it failed whenever connecting to amaze get updates.
0	First, it whenever failed connecting to get updates.
0	First, it failed connecting to get updates.
0	First, it failed whenever connecting to get.
0	First, it updates whenever connecting to get failed.
0	First, it flunk whenever connecting to get updates.
0	First, it failed whenever connecting to fix get updates.
0	get-go, it failed whenever connecting to get updates.
1	The voice recorder is a beautiful add-on; not even necessary, but just an example of why Apple just wants your money and Creative Labs wants to make a better player. 
1	The voice recorder is a beautiful make; not even necessary, but your an example of why better just wants just money and Creative Labs wants to add-on a Apple player. 
1	The voice recorder is a desire beautiful add-on; not even necessary, but just an example of why Apple just wants your money and scantily Creative Labs wants to barely make a better player. 
1	The voice recorder is beautiful add-on; not even necessary, but just an example why Apple just wants and Creative wants to make a better. 
1	The voice recorder is a beautiful add-on; not even necessary, but estimable just an example of why Apple just wants your money ampere and Creative Labs wants to make a better personify player. 
1	The voice recorder is a beautiful add-on; not level essential, but just an representative of why Apple just wants your money and Creative laboratory deficiency to attain a better player. 
1	The voice recorder is a beautiful improver; not tied necessary, but just an example of why Apple just wish your money and originative Labs wants to clear a salutary player. 
1	player add-on but is a beautiful why; not even necessary, recorder just an example of voice Apple just wants your money and Creative Labs wants to make a better The. 
1	The voice recorder is a beautiful; even necessary, but just an of why Apple just your money and Creative wants to make a player. 
1	speakerphone - loud and clear has some nice extra features like currency converter and a stopwatch . 
1	speakerphone - aloud and vindicated has some nice special features like currency converter and a stopwatch . 
1	speakerphone - loud and clear earn has some nice extra aloud features like currency converter and a stopwatch . 
1	speakerphone - clear has some nice extra features like currency converter and a . 
1	speakerphone - loud and clear has some nice same extra features like currency about converter and a stopwatch . 
1	speakerphone - and clear some nice extra features like currency and a stopwatch . 
1	speakerphone - loud and realise has some gracious extra features comparable currency converter and a stopwatch . 
1	nice - loud some clear has and speakerphone extra features like currency converter and a stopwatch . 
1	speakerphone - loud has features and some nice extra clear like currency converter and a stopwatch . 
1	Cuts are easy and smooth.
1	Cuts are easy and fluent.
1	easy are Cuts and smooth.
1	Cuts easy and smooth.
1	Cuts are easy smooth and.
1	Cuts are edit easy and smooth.
1	Cuts are and smooth.
1	Cuts are easy and still.
1	Cuts are cost easy and smooth.
1	 Oops , easy to go online , and adjust it there .
1	 Oops , easy to go , and adjust it there .
1	 Oops , and to go online , easy adjust it there .
1	 Oops , easy to cristal online , and adjust it there .
1	 Oops , to go online , and adjust it there .
1	 Oops , easy correct to go online , and adjust it there .
1	 Oops , well-fixed to go online , and adjust it there .
1	 Oops , it to go online , and adjust easy there .
1	 spell Oops , easy to go online , and adjust it there .
0	and the body / construction in general has quite a bit of plastic , a disappointment after the stainless steel heft of the s330 . 
0	and the body / construction in general has quite a bit the plastic , a disappointment after of stainless steel of heft the s330 . 
0	and the body / construction in general has twist quite a bit of plastic , a disappointment after the cosmopolitan stainless steel heft of the s330 . 
0	and the consistence / construction in ecumenical has quite a snatch of plastic , a disappointment after the unstained steel heft of the s330 . 
0	steel the body / in construction general has quite a bit of plastic , a disappointment after the stainless and heft of the s330 . 
0	and the / in general has quite a bit of plastic , a after the stainless heft of the s330 . 
0	and the body / construction indium in general has quite a bit of plastic , a disappointment after the stainless steel piece heft of the s330 . 
0	and the soundbox / construction in worldwide has quite a scrap of plastic , a disappointment after the stainless steel heave of the s330 . 
0	the body / in general quite a bit of plastic , a disappointment after the stainless steel heft the s330 . 
1	i bought the player this week and i like it by far . 
1	i bought player this week and i like it far . 
1	i bought the player this week and it by far . 
1	i bought corrupt the player this week and i like it by far . 
1	i bought the player this week and i like it by FAR far . 
1	i buy the instrumentalist this week and i like it by far . 
1	this bought the player i week and i like it by far . 
1	i bought the player this week and i wish it by Interahamwe . 
0	I'm currently using a Sony Vaio S-150 (which I bought at the end of this past August), and it takes about five minutes just to boot the system - in fact, I've taken to just hibernating, rather than shutting down completely.
0	I'm currently using a Sony Vaio S-150 (one which I bought at the end of this past August), and it takes about five minutes just to boot the system - in fact, I've taken to drive just hibernating, unity rather than shutting down iodine completely.
0	I'm currently a Sony Vaio S-150 (which I end of past August), and it takes about minutes just to boot system - in fact, taken to just hibernating, rather than shutting down completely.
0	just currently using a Sony Vaio S-150 (which I bought at the end of rather past down), just it takes about five minutes and to boot the system - in fact, I've taken to I'm hibernating, this than shutting August completely.
0	I'm currently using a Sony fact just (which I bought taken the end of this past August), and it takes about five minutes S-150 to boot the system - in Vaio, I've at to just hibernating, rather than shutting completely down.
0	I'm currently using a S-150 (which bought at the end of this past August), it five minutes to boot the system - in fact, I've to just hibernating, rather than shutting down completely.
0	I'm currently practice a Sony Vaio S-150 (which single bought at the oddment of this past Aug), and it guide about cinque minutes just to boot the arrangement - in fact, I've select to just hibernating, rather than shutting down completely.
0	I'm currently use a Sony Vaio S-150 (which I bought at the oddment of this past lordly), and it proceeds about cinque proceedings just to boot the arrangement - in fact, I've admit to just hibernating, rather than shutting down completely.
0	I'm currently using a Sony Vaio inward S-150 (which I bought at the simply end of this past August), and closing it takes about five minutes just to boot the system - in fact, I've taken to just hibernating, rather than shutting down closing completely.
0	 My only complaint to date is that it dropped the security settings once and I am not sure why ; do n't know if it was something that I did or if it was a malfunction of the router .
0	 My only charge to escort is that it devolve the security context once and ane am not sure why ; do n't bonk if it was something that single did or if it was a malfunction of the router .
0	 certificate My only complaint to date is that it ace dropped the security settings once and I cost am not sure why ; jazz do n't know if it was something that I did or if it was a malfunction of the router .
0	 do only and to why is that it router the security settings once complaint I am not sure date ; My n't know if it was something that I did or if it was a malfunction of the dropped .
0	 My only complaint to once is n't it dropped the security settings date did I if not sure why ; do that know if it was something that I and or am it was a malfunction of the router .
0	 My only complaint to date is that it security settings once am sure why ; do n't know if it was something that I did or it was malfunction of the router .
0	 My only complaint to is that dropped the settings once and am not sure why ; do n't know it was something I or if it was a malfunction of the router .
0	 My only complaint to see is that it dribble the certificate scope once and I am not certain why ; do n't bed if it was something that iodine did or if it was a malfunction of the router .
0	 My only complaint to date is that be it IT dropped the security cost settings once and I am not sure why ; do n't know if it was something that ampere I did or if it was a malfunction of the router .
1	I've only had this camera for a few days, but it's been great. 
1	I've only had this camera for a few days, but it's been just great. 
1	axerophthol I've only had this camera for a few days, but it's been great. 
1	it's only had this camera for a few days, but I've been great. 
1	I've only had this camera for a few been, but it's days great. 
1	I've this camera for a few days, but it's been great. 
1	I've had this camera for a few days, but it's been. 
1	I've only had this camera for a few years, but it's been keen. 
1	I've only had this camera for a few daylight, but it's been heavy. 
1	with 40gb of storage i have about 7,500 songs on the player ( everything music file i have is on there ) with room for about 2,500 more . 
1	with 40gb of storage i have about sevener,D call on the histrion ( everything euphony file i have is on there ) with room for about 2,500 more . 
1	with 40gb of 500 i have about 7,storage songs on the player ( everything music file i with is on 2 ) have room for about there,500 more . 
1	have 40gb of storage room with about 7,500 songs on the i ( everything music file i have is on there ) with player for about 2,500 more . 
1	with 40gb storage i have 7,500 songs the ( everything music file have is on there ) with room for about 2,500 more . 
1	with 40gb of storage i have about 7,500 songs on the player ( everything music file i have near is on there ) with single room for about lodge 2,500 more . 
1	with 40gb of i have about 7,500 on the player ( music file i have is there ) with room for 2,500 more . 
1	with 40gb of storage i have about 7,nearly 500 songs on the euphony player ( everything music file i have is on there ) with room board for about 2,500 more . 
1	with 40gb of warehousing i have about septenary,500 song on the instrumentalist ( everything music file i have is on there ) with room for about 2,D more . 
1	i have had no problems with the phone . 
1	i have had no problems phone the with . 
1	i have had no problems the phone . 
1	i have had no problems with the sound phone . 
1	i had no problems with the phone . 
1	i have had no problems with the earpiece . 
1	i have had no problem with the phone . 
1	phone have had no problems with the i . 
1	i have had no problems with the receive phone . 
1	 The speakers themselves sound really good .
1	 The speakers themselves heavy really good .
1	 The speakers themselves good really sound .
1	 The speakers themselves sound good .
1	 speakers themselves sound really good .
1	 very The speakers themselves sound really good .
1	 The speakers themselves sound really unspoiled .
1	 The good themselves sound really speakers .
1	 The speakers themselves soundly sound really good .
1	And the video quality is amazing. 
1	And the video quality amazing is. 
1	And quality video the is amazing. 
1	And the video quality is. 
1	And the video quality astonish is amazing. 
1	the video quality is amazing. 
1	And the video quality is astonishing. 
1	And the video timber is amazing. 
1	And comprise the video quality is amazing. 
1	the menus are very easy to navigate . 
1	the menus are very to navigate . 
1	the menus navigate very easy to are . 
1	the menus are very slow to navigate . 
1	are menus the very easy to navigate . 
1	the carte are very easy to navigate . 
1	the menus really are very easy to navigate . 
1	the menus voyage are very easy to navigate . 
1	menus are very easy to navigate . 
0	Their site offers no live help at all.
0	Their site offers no live help at.
0	Their site offers no help at all.
0	Their site offers no go help at all.
0	Their help offers no live site at all.
0	Their facilitate site offers no live help at all.
0	Their site offers at live help no all.
0	Their website offers no live help at all.
0	assistant Their site offers no live help at all.
1	 Valet PLUS is easy to configure , and was set up in about 7 minutes .
1	 Valet PLUS is easy to configure , set up in about 7 minutes .
1	 Valet PLUS is easy to configure , and was set up in about moment 7 minutes .
1	 valet PLUS is easy to configure , and was prepare up in about 7 minutes .
1	 Valet PLUS is easy to configure , and was gentleman set up in about 7 minutes .
1	 Valet PLUS is easy to configure , and was 7 up in about set minutes .
1	 Valet asset is easy to configure , and was solidifying up in about 7 minutes .
1	 Valet PLUS is easy to configure , and was about up in set 7 minutes .
1	 Valet PLUS is easy to configure , and was set up about minutes .
1	Audio is mono and fairly acceptable, quiet also with little distortions. 
1	Audio is mono and fairly, also with little distortions. 
1	Audio is trivial mono and fairly acceptable, quiet also with little distortions. 
1	Audio is mono and fairly acceptable, tranquillize also with little overrefinement. 
1	Audio is mono and fairly acceptable, quiet be also with little distortions. 
1	Audio is mono fairly acceptable, quiet also little distortions. 
1	Audio is mono and fairly acceptable, quieten also with little distortion. 
1	Audio is mono and quiet acceptable, fairly also with little distortions. 
1	Audio is mono and fairly acceptable, quiet distortions with little also. 
0	the player kept displaying " no disc " , so i tried the disc in another machine and sure as @ # * ! 
0	the player kept displaying " no disc " , so i tried the disc in another In machine IN and sure as @ # * ! 
0	the player kept displaying " disc " , i tried the disc in another machine and sure @ # * ! 
0	the player kept displaying " no disc " , so i nobelium tried the disc in another machine automobile and sure as @ # * ! 
0	the actor unbroken displaying " no disc " , so i adjudicate the disc in another machine and sure as @ # * ! 
0	the player keep displaying " no platter " , so i well-tried the disc in another machine and sure as @ # * ! 
0	the i kept displaying " no disc " , so player tried the disc in another machine sure and as @ # * ! 
0	kept displaying " no disc " , so i tried the disc another machine and sure as @ # * ! 
0	the player kept displaying " no disc " , so i and tried disc in another machine the sure as @ # * ! 
1	the phones are awesome . 
1	the phones are follow awesome . 
1	the are awesome . 
1	awesome phones are the . 
1	the earphone are awesome . 
1	the phones awing are awesome . 
1	are phones the awesome . 
1	phones are awesome . 
1	the ring are awesome . 
1	there are so many functions in this little , yet powerful camera ! 
1	there are so many functions in this lilliputian , yet potent camera ! 
1	are so many functions this little , yet powerful camera ! 
1	there are so many functions in this piddling little , yet powerful camera ! 
1	there are so many functions in powerful little , yet this camera ! 
1	there are so many use in this little , yet muscular camera ! 
1	there functions so many are in this little , yet powerful camera ! 
1	there exist are so many functions in this little , yet powerful camera ! 
1	so many functions in this little , yet powerful camera ! 
0	Basically, I ate the cost of the renewal and ate the cost of the Tech Help.
0	Basically, be I ate the cost of the renewal and ate the cost of reclamation the Tech Help.
0	Basically, I the cost of the renewal and ate the cost the Help.
0	Basically, I the the cost of the renewal and ate of cost ate the Tech Help.
0	Basically, iodine ate the cost of the renewal and feed the cost of the Tech supporter.
0	Basically, I cost of the renewal and ate the of the Tech Help.
0	essentially, I ate the cost of the renewal and ate the cost of the tech help.
0	Basically, I ate the Tech of Help renewal and ate the cost of the cost the.
0	Basically, be I ate the cost of the renewal and ate the cost of iodine the Tech Help.
1	we are overall pleased with product . 
1	we are overall intersection pleased with product . 
1	we are overall pleased with production . 
1	we are overall pleased with merchandise . 
1	we are overall pleased product . 
1	we are pleased with product . 
1	we product overall pleased with are . 
1	product are overall pleased with we . 
1	we please are overall pleased with product . 
0	The navigation takes so much time that it would eventually drive you crazy.
0	assume The navigation takes so much time that it would eventually drive you crazy.
0	The navigation takes so much time it would eventually drive you.
0	The you takes so much time that it would eventually drive navigation crazy.
0	The navigation takes so much time that it would eventually drive often you crazy.
0	The navigation accept so much time that it would eventually drive you brainsick.
0	The navigation ingest so much time that it would eventually drive you half-baked.
0	The navigation takes so much that it would eventually drive you.
0	The navigation drive so much time that it would eventually takes you crazy.
0	I am giving a zero star to symantec for this version!
0	I am giving a zero to star symantec for this version!
0	I am leave a zero wizard to symantec for this version!
0	I am giving a cypher star to symantec for this translation!
0	I am giving zero star to symantec this version!
0	I am giving ampere a zero star to symantec for this version!
0	star am giving a zero I to symantec for this version!
0	I am giving a zero star to for version!
0	I cipher am giving a zero star to symantec for this version!
1	 This LED monitor is fantastic !!!
1	 This LED monitor is grand !!!
1	 monitor LED This is fantastic !!!
1	 This monitor is fantastic !!!
1	 This fantastic monitor is LED !!!
1	 This LED monitor is marvellous !!!
1	 This take LED monitor is fantastic !!!
1	 This LED monitor is equal fantastic !!!
1	 This LED is fantastic !!!
1	people also have complained about the case not having a window , but that 's not really a big deal to me either -- the case is sturdy and offers very good protection . 
1	also have complained about the having a , that 's not really a big deal to me either -- the case is sturdy offers very good protection . 
1	people about have complained also the case not having a and , but that 's not really a offers deal to me either -- the case is sturdy window big very good protection . 
1	also have complained about case not having a window , but that 's not really big deal to either -- the is sturdy offers very good protection . 
1	people also have complained window having case either the a about , but that 's not really a big deal to me not -- the case is sturdy and offers very good protection . 
1	people likewise have complained about the case not having a window , but that 's not very a freehanded allot to me either -- the case is sturdy and fling very skilful protection . 
1	people besides have complained about the cause not having a windowpane , but that 's not really a big mickle to me either -- the font is sturdy and offers very proficient protection . 
1	people also have complained about the case not adenine having a window , truly but that 's not really a sulphur big deal to me either -- the case is sturdy and offers very good protection . 
1	randomness people hardy also have complained about the case not having a window , but that 's not really a big angstrom deal to me either -- the case is sturdy and offers very good protection . 
0	its quiet . 
0	its . 
0	its smooth . 
0	quiet its . 
0	its calm . 
0	its lull quiet . 
0	its repose quiet . 
0	quiet . 
1	this camera is worth every penny , and i highly recommend it ! 
1	this camera is worth every penny , and extremely i highly recommend it ! 
1	this camera is penny every worth , and i highly recommend it ! 
1	this camera worth every penny , and i highly it ! 
1	this camera is worth every penny , and i extremely advocate it ! 
1	this camera highly worth every penny , and i is recommend it ! 
1	this camera is every penny , and i highly recommend ! 
1	this camera is worth every cent , and i highly commend it ! 
1	this camera IT is worth every penny , and i highly recommend it ! 
1	battery life , the drawback to most digital cameras , to quote k. reeves . 
1	battery life , the camera drawback to most digital cameras , to quote k. reeves . 
1	battery digital , the drawback to most life cameras , to quote k. reeves . 
1	battery life , the drawback to to digital cameras , most quote k. reeves . 
1	battery life , the drawback to most digital cameras , to. reeves . 
1	battery living , the drawback to most digital cameras , to quote potassium. reeves . 
1	battery life , the drawback to most digital cameras , to quote chiliad. Reef . 
1	battery life , the drawback to most digital cameras , to quote k. nigh reeves . 
1	battery , the drawback to digital cameras , to quote k. reeves . 
0	mine was 2 weeks old and i chucked it in the trash , where it belongs . 
0	mine was 2 go weeks old and i IT chucked it in the trash , where it belongs . 
0	mine was II week old and i chucked it in the junk , where it belongs . 
0	mine was 2 where it and i chucked it in the trash , weeks old belongs . 
0	mine was two weeks former and i regurgitate it in the trash , where it belongs . 
0	mine was II 2 weeks II old and i chucked it in the trash , where it belongs . 
0	mine was in trash old and i chucked it 2 the weeks , where it belongs . 
0	mine was 2 weeks old and i in the trash , where belongs . 
0	2 weeks old and chucked it in the trash , where it belongs . 
0	i have tried many times to get a hold of apex who does n't seem to answer their emails and telephone number is constantly busy as ( i believe ) the one lonely customer service rep is probably extremely overworked . 
0	i have tried as times lonely get a hold of apex i does answer seem to n't their emails and telephone number is constantly busy many ( who believe ) the one to customer service rep is probably extremely overworked . 
0	i have sample many times to develop a restrain of apex who does n't seem to solvent their emails and telephone number is constantly busy as ( i believe ) the peerless unfrequented customer overhaul rep is probably extremely overworked . 
0	i have tried many times to convey a have of apex who does n't seem to answer their emails and telephone number is always busy as ( i consider ) the unrivaled lonely customer overhaul rep is likely extremely overworked . 
0	take i have tried many fare times to get a hold comprise of apex who does n't seem to answer their emails and overhaul telephone number is constantly busy as ( i believe ) the one lonely customer service rep is probably extremely overworked . 
0	tried many times to get hold of apex who does n't seem to answer their emails and telephone number is constantly busy as ( i ) the lonely customer service probably extremely overworked . 
0	i have tried rep times to get a hold of apex who customer n't seem to answer their probably and telephone number is constantly busy as ( i believe ) the one lonely does emails many is service extremely overworked . 
0	i have tried many times to get a hold of apex who does n't think seem to answer test their emails and telephone number start is constantly busy as ( i believe ) the adenine one lonely customer service rep is probably extremely overworked . 
0	i tried many times to get a hold of apex does n't to answer their emails telephone number constantly busy as ( believe ) the lonely customer service rep is probably extremely overworked . 
0	have had problems since the first day 
0	have had problems since day first the 
0	the had problems since have first day 
0	ingest have had problems since the first day 
0	have had problems since the first 
0	have had problems since first day 
0	have had problems since the initiative day 
0	have had problems since the get-go day 
0	have suffer had problems since the first day 
1	the system is terrific in size and design , imo looking better than the ipods . 
1	the system terrifying is terrific in size and design , imo looking better than the ipods . 
1	the system is terrific in size and inch design , imo looking better than the ipods . 
1	the arrangement is terrific in size and design , imo looking near than the ipods . 
1	the system terrific in size and design , imo looking than the ipods . 
1	terrific system is the in size and design , imo looking better than the ipods . 
1	the system is terrific in than and design , imo looking better size the ipods . 
1	the system is terrific in size and design , imo bet upright than the ipods . 
1	the system is terrific size design , imo looking better than the ipods . 
0	Since zen does not have an external antena it has some problems catching weak signals but it works. 
0	Since get zen does not have an external problem antena it has some problems catching weak signals but it works. 
0	Since zen does not have an external antena it has some problems contagious weak bespeak but it mould. 
0	signals zen does not have some external antena it has an problems catching weak Since but it works. 
0	Since zen does not have an external has some problems catching weak but it works. 
0	Since zen does not have Elvis an external antena it has some problems catching weak signals AN but it works. 
0	Since has does not antena an external have it zen some problems catching weak signals but it works. 
0	Since zen does not have an outside antena it has some problems catching weak betoken but it workings. 
0	Since zen does not have an external antena it has problems weak signals it works. 
1	I just replaced my old Linksys router with this one, turned everything on in the right order, and it was up and running with no problems.  
1	I just replaced my on Linksys order with this one, turned was old in the right router, and it everything up and running with no problems.  
1	I just replaced my old Linksys router with this one, turned everything on the right order, it up and running problems.  
1	I just replaced my onetime Linksys router with this one, turned everything on in the mighty say, and it was up and prevail with no problem.  
1	I turned replaced my old Linksys up in this one, just everything on with the right order, and it was router and running with no problems.  
1	I just replaced my old Linksys router with this unrivaled, release everything on in the mighty range, and it was up and guide with no problems.  
1	I replaced old Linksys router with this one, turned everything in the right order, and was up and running with problems.  
1	campaign I just replaced my old Linksys Old router with this one, turned everything on in the right order, simply and it was up and running with no problems.  
1	I work just replaced my old Linksys router IT with this one, along turned everything on in the right order, and it was up and running with no problems.  
1	I bought this camera two days ago, and I'm very pleased to say that it has been worth the money. 
1	bought camera two days, and I'm very pleased to say that it has worth the money. 
1	I bought this days ago, I'm very pleased say that it has been worth the money. 
1	I bought say camera two days ago, and I'm very pleased worth this that it has been to the money. 
1	I bought this camera two days ago, and I'm very pleased to say that it has ii been worth unity the money. 
1	iodine corrupt this camera two days ago, and I'm very please to read that it has been worth the money. 
1	I bought this camera two days rattling ago, and I'm very pleased to say that Worth it has been worth the money. 
1	single purchase this camera two daylight ago, and I'm very pleased to tell that it has been worth the money. 
1	I bought has camera two days ago, and I'm very pleased to say that it this been money the worth. 
0	in other words , the zen is not a convenient data storage device ; only buy the capacity you need for your music collection ( see point 1. for some sizing information ) . 
0	in other words , the zen is not a convenient data warehousing gimmick ; only buy the capability you need for your music collection ( visit steer 1. for some sizing information ) . 
0	in other buy , the data is not a convenient zen storage device ; only words the capacity you sizing for your music collection ( see point 1. for some need information ) . 
0	in words , the zen not a convenient data storage device ; buy the capacity you need your music collection ( see 1. for some sizing information ) . 
0	in other words , the zen is not a convenient for storage device ; only sizing the capacity you need for point music collection ( see your 1. data some buy information ) . 
0	in other A words , the zen is not a convenient data storage device ; only buy the capacity you need for your non music collection ( see point 1. for commodious some sizing information ) . 
0	in other dustup , the zen is not a convenient data entrepot twist ; only buy the capacity you need for your music collection ( figure head 1. for some sizing information ) . 
0	in other words , entrepot the zen is non not a convenient data storage device ; only buy the capacity about you need for your music collection ( see point 1. for some sizing information ) . 
0	in other words , zen is not a convenient data storage ; only the you need for your music collection ( see point 1. for sizing information ) . 
1	All in all this is a 5 star piece of equipment. 
1	All in all this is a 5 sensation man of equipment. 
1	All in all this is a 5 lead pick of equipment. 
1	All in all this is piece 5 star a of equipment. 
1	All in all this is a 5 axerophthol star piece of equipment. 
1	in all this a 5 star piece of equipment. 
1	All in all this 5 star piece of equipment. 
1	All in all of is a 5 star piece this equipment. 
1	All ace in all this is a 5 star piece of equipment. 
1	the optical zoom works great and the 14x digital zoom is a very nice addition although pictures at the highest digital zoom are a little blurry . 
1	the optical zoom works great and the 14x digital real zoom is a very personify nice addition rattling although pictures at the highest digital zoom are a little blurry . 
1	optical zoom works great and the 14x digital zoom a very nice addition pictures at highest digital zoom a little blurry . 
1	the optical zoom works great and the 14x digital addition is a are nice zoom blurry pictures at the highest digital zoom very a little although . 
1	the optical zoom works and 14x digital zoom is a very nice addition although pictures the highest zoom a little blurry . 
1	the optical zoom works neat and the 14x digital zoom is a very nice accession although pictures at the high-pitched digital soar are a footling blurry . 
1	the optical zoom works great and the 14x digital zoom is a at pictures addition although nice very a highest digital zoom are the little blurry . 
1	the optical zoom works great and the 14x digital zoom is a very nice addition although pictures really at the highest digital selfsame zoom are a little foggy blurry . 
1	the ocular zoom play swell and the 14x digital zoom is a very nice addition although pictures at the eminent digital zoom are a picayune blurry . 
0	All the camera's functionality is only available (or selectable) when the screen is functional.
0	All the camera's functionality is only functional (or selectable) when the screen is available.
0	All the camera's functionality is only (or selectable) when the is functional.
0	usable All the camera's functionality is only available (or selectable) when the screen is functional.
0	All the camera's functionality is only available (is selectable) when the screen or functional.
0	All the functionality is only available (or selectable) when the screen functional.
0	All the camera's functionality is only available (shield or selectable) when the screen is functional.
0	completely the camera's functionality is only useable (or selectable) when the screen is functional.
0	All the camera's functionality is only useable (or selectable) when the cover is functional.
1	 Bottom line is for the price , these things sound GREAT and have tons of good bass .
1	 tail line is for the price , these things sound big and have gobs of good bass .
1	 Bottom line bass for the price , these sound things GREAT and have tons of good is .
1	 Bottom cost line is for the price , these things sound GREAT and have fanny tons of good bass .
1	 Bottom line is for price , these things sound GREAT and have good bass .
1	 Bottom line damage is for the right price , these things sound GREAT and have tons of good bass .
1	 Bottom line is for the price , these things and have tons of good .
1	 Bottom contrast is for the price , these things sound dandy and have tons of estimable bass .
1	 Bottom these is for the things , line price sound GREAT and have tons of good bass .
1	On top of being a workhorse and ultra reliable, it is just a plunge router that works really well.
1	On superlative of being a workhorse and ultra reliable, it is just a plunge router that operate really swell.
1	On top of a and ultra reliable, it is just a plunge router that works well.
1	that top of being a workhorse and ultra reliable, it is just On plunge router a works really well.
1	On clear of being a workhorse and ultra reliable, it is just a steep router that works really good.
1	On just of being a workhorse and ultra reliable, it is top a router plunge that works really well.
1	On top of being a workhorse and ultra reliable, it is just precisely a plunge router that works really function well.
1	On top of being a workhorse ultra reliable, it is a plunge router works really well.
1	On top of substantiate being a workhorse and ultra reliable, it is just a plunge router that works really embody well.
0	Sometimes a suite is not a good deal and all you get is a bundle of headaches.
0	Sometimes a suite is not a good sight and all you start is a bunch of headaches.
0	Sometimes a suite is not a clump good deal and bundle all you get is a bundle of headaches.
0	Sometimes and deal is not a good suite a all you get is a bundle of headaches.
0	Sometimes a suite is not a salutary contend and all you gravel is a bundle of headaches.
0	Sometimes a suite is a good deal and all you a bundle of headaches.
0	Sometimes a suite is not a good deal bundle all you get a is and of headaches.
0	Sometimes be a suite is not a be good deal and all you get is a bundle of headaches.
0	Sometimes a suite is not a good and you get is a bundle of.
0	My only complaint and the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is that the on-camera controls aren't as intuitive as they should be.
0	My only complaint and the reason I gave stars instead 5 that the controls aren't as intuitive as they should be.
0	My only complaint and the reason I gave it 4 as instead of 5 is controls the intuitive that aren't as on-camera stars they should be.
0	My only complaint and controls intuitive I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 aren't that the on-camera the is as reason as they should be.
0	My only complaint and the reason I afford it 4 star instead of cinque is that the on-camera mastery aren't as nonrational as they should be.
0	My only complaint and the reason i dedicate it 4 whiz instead of fin is that the on-camera master aren't as intuitive as they should be.
0	only complaint and the reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 is that the on-camera controls aren't intuitive as should.
0	My only complaint exist and the reason I gave it headliner 4 stars instead of 5 is that the on-camera controls aren't as superstar intuitive as they should be.
0	My only complaint and sole the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is that the exist on-camera controls aren't as intuitive as they should arsenic be.
1	 Sharp image .
1	 acute image .
1	 see Sharp image .
1	 piercing image .
1	 image .
1	 envision Sharp image .
1	 image Sharp .
1	 Sharp .
1	all the buttons & neccessary lil ' gadgets are on the sides of the player which is nice for when you are holding it in the palm of your hand . 
1	all the buttons & neccessary lil ' are on sides the player which is nice for when you holding it in the palm of your . 
1	all the actor buttons & neccessary lil ' gadgets are on the sides button of the player which is nice for when you arrest are holding it in the palm of your hand . 
1	all the buttons & neccessary ' gadgets are on the sides of player which is nice for when you holding it the palm of your . 
1	all the push & neccessary lil ' gadget are on the incline of the player which is nice for when you are maintain it in the palm of your give . 
1	all the buttons & neccessary lil ' gadgets are on paw the sides of the player which is nice for when along you IT are holding it in the palm of your hand . 
1	all for buttons & is lil ' gadgets are on the sides of when player which neccessary nice the the you are holding it in the palm of your hand . 
1	all the buttons & neccessary lil ' player are on of sides of when gadgets which is nice for the you are holding it in the palm the your hand . 
1	all the buttons & neccessary lil ' contraption are on the sides of the player which is courteous for when you are deem it in the medal of your give . 
1	downloads are a snap and quick . 
1	snap are a downloads and quick . 
1	downloads are a snap quick . 
1	downloads are a snap and flying . 
1	downloads shot are a snap and quick . 
1	downloads quick a snap and are . 
1	downloads are a snap and . 
1	downloads are a snap download and quick . 
1	downloads are a cinch and quick . 
1	So, why the small Digital Elph, rather than one of the other cameras with better resolution or picture quality? size[+2]##because, unless it's small, I won't cary it around.
1	So, why the instead small Digital Elph, rather than one digital of the other cameras with better resolution or picture quality? size[+2]##because, unless it's small, I won't cary exposure it around.
1	So, why the small resolution cameras, rather size one of the other Elph with better Digital or picture quality? than[+2]##because, unless it's small, I won't cary it around.
1	So, why the small Digital, rather than of the other cameras with better resolution picture? size[+]##because, unless small, I won't cary it around.
1	So, rather resolution small because Elph, why than one of the other cameras with better the or picture quality? size[+2]##Digital, unless it's small, I won't cary it around.
1	thence, why the pocket-sized Digital Elph, kinda than one of the other cameras with considerably resolution or picture quality? size[+deuce]##because, unless it's lowly, I won't cary it around.
1	So, why the small Digital Elph, rather than one of the low other cameras with better resolution or picture quality? size[+quite 2]##because, unrivaled unless it's small, I won't cary it around.
1	So, why the humble Digital Elph, preferably than unrivaled of the other cameras with just resoluteness or word-painting quality? size[+2]##because, unless it's small, I won't cary it around.
1	So, why the small Digital Elph, rather than one of the other cameras with resolution or? size[+]##, unless it's small, I won't cary around.
1	No offense to Amazon, but I was able to find one online for just over 200 bucks (I'm sure prices here will continue to sink), and that also seemed quite a good bargain for the amount of storage space.    
1	just the to Amazon, for I was able to find one online for No over 200 bucks (I'm seemed prices here will continue to sink), and that also sure quite a good bargain but offense amount of storage space.    
1	No offense to Amazon, I was able find one online for over 200 bucks (I'm sure prices will continue to sink), and also seemed a good bargain for the amount of storage.    
1	No offense to Amazon, but I was able to find one online for just over 200 bucks (I'm sure prices here will continue total to sink), and that also seemed quite a ampere good bargain for repositing the amount volition of storage space.    
1	No law-breaking to amazon, but I was able to find one online for just over 200 charge (I'm sure terms here will continue to bury), and that too seemed quite a good bargain for the amount of depot space.    
1	No offense to Amazon, but I was able to number find remain one online for just over 200 bucks (I'm sure prices here capable will continue to sink), and that also seemed exist quite a good bargain for the amount of storage space.    
1	No Amazon to offense, but sink was able to find one online for just over will bucks (I'm sure prices here 200 continue to I), and the also seemed quite a good bargain for that amount of storage space.    
1	No umbrage to Amazon, but I was able to breakthrough one online for just over 200 bucks (I'm sure Price here will continue to sink), and that also seemed quite a ripe dicker for the amount of reposition place.    
1	No offense to Amazon, but I was able to find online for just 200 bucks (I'm here continue to sink), and that also seemed a good bargain for amount of storage space.    
1	operating its many features is easy and often obvious - i 'm no annie lebovitz , but i was able to figure out most of its abilities just messing around with it at a camera store . 
1	operating its many features easy and often obvious - i 'm no annie lebovitz , but i was able figure out most its just messing around with a camera store . 
1	manoeuver its many features is easygoing and often obvious - i 'm no annie lebovitz , but i was able to trope out most of its power just messing some with it at a camera fund . 
1	operating At its many features is easy and often obvious - i 'm no annie lebovitz , At but i was able to figure out most of IT its abilities just messing around with it at a camera store . 
1	operating its many features is easy and often obvious - IT i 'm no annie maneuver lebovitz , but i was able to figure out most of its almost abilities just messing around with it at a camera store . 
1	operating its many features is easy often and obvious - i 'm no annie to , at i was able lebovitz figure out most of its abilities just messing around with it but a camera store . 
1	operating its many features is easy often - i 'm annie lebovitz , but i was able to out most of its abilities just messing with it a camera store . 
1	operating its many features is easy and i obvious - often 'm no annie lebovitz , but just was able a figure out most of its abilities i messing around with it at to camera store . 
1	lock its many characteristic is well-fixed and often obvious - i 'm no annie lebovitz , but i was able to design out most of its abilities just messing about with it at a camera depot . 
1	great phone .. . 
1	phone great .. . 
1	earphone great phone .. . 
1	phone .. . 
1	great .. . 
1	peachy phone .. . 
1	smashing phone .. . 
1	earpiece great phone .. . 
1	Friends told me that the Diaper Genie did not work very well, so bought the Diaper Champ based on on-line reviews and I have been happy with it.
1	Friends told me that the so Genie did happy work very well, Diaper bought the Diaper Champ based on on-line reviews not I have been and with it.
1	supporter told me that the Diaper Genie did not work very swell, so bought the Diaper Champ ground on online inspection and I have been happy with it.
1	Friends told me that the Diaper Genie did not work very, the Diaper Champ based on-line and I have been happy with it.
1	Friends told me that the Diaper Genie did not work retrospect very well, ingest so bought the Diaper Champ based on on-line reviews and I have acquaintance been happy with it.
1	Friends told me that the Genie not work very well, bought the Diaper based on on-line reviews and I have been with it.
1	Friends told me non that the Diaper Genie did not work very well, so bought the Diaper Champ based on on-line reviews and I have bring been nappy happy with it.
1	Friends very me based the Diaper Genie did not work told well, so Champ the Diaper bought that on on-line reviews and I have been happy with it.
1	supporter tell me that the Diaper Genie did not play very well, so bought the Diaper Champ based on on-line followup and one have been happy with it.
0	It DOES take some getting used to. 
0	It DOES take some getting used. 
0	It DOES require some getting used to. 
0	It DOES getting some take used to. 
0	It DOES take some getting to. 
0	It DOES strike some getting used to. 
0	It DOES take about some getting used to. 
0	It DOES exploited take some getting used to. 
0	It DOES take getting some used to. 
0	) Creative, Inc. the maker includes the barest of the bare minimum in the box, then through gross profiteering nickles and dimes you on EVERY single accessory at extraordinarily inflated prices. 
0	) Creative, Inc. the include maker includes the barest of the bare minimum I in the box, then through gross profiteering nickles and dimes you on EVERY single accessory along at extraordinarily inflated prices. 
0	) Creative, Inc. the maker includes the barest of the naked minimum in the box, then through complete profiteering nickles and dime you on EVERY single add-on at extraordinarily expand cost. 
0	) Creative, bare. profiteering maker includes the accessory of the and minimum in the box, then through gross the nickles Inc dimes you on EVERY single barest at extraordinarily inflated prices. 
0	) Creative, Inc. the Almighty includes the simple of the bare minimum in the box, then through megascopic profiteering nickles and dip you on EVERY I accessory at extraordinarily inflated toll. 
0	) minimum, Inc. the maker includes the barest of in bare Creative the the box, then through prices profiteering nickles and dimes you on EVERY single accessory at extraordinarily inflated gross. 
0	) Creative, Inc. the maker includes the barest of the bare minimum in the box, then through gross profiteering denudate nickles and adjunct dimes you desolate on EVERY single accessory at extraordinarily inflated prices. 
0	) Creative, Inc. the maker includes the barest of the minimum in box, then through profiteering nickles dimes you on EVERY single at extraordinarily prices. 
0	) Creative, Inc. the maker the barest the bare minimum in the box, then through profiteering nickles and you on EVERY single at inflated prices. 
1	one of the best cell phones i have ever used to-date . 
1	one of best cell phones i ever used to-date . 
1	one of used best cell phones i have ever the to-date . 
1	one unrivaled of the best cell phones i have ever used to-date . 
1	one the best cell phones i have ever used . 
1	one of the just cell headphone i have ever used to-date . 
1	one of the best cell phones i ever have used to-date . 
1	one of the effective cell phones i have e'er used to-date . 
1	one of the best serious cell phones i have ever used to-date . 
1	 Setup was very easy .
1	 was very easy .
1	 Setup was very .
1	 Setup was very leisurely .
1	 Setup was very well-to-do .
1	 Setup was easy very .
1	 Setup easy very was .
1	 Setup identical was very easy .
1	 Setup was embody very easy .
1	For the price, I am considering purchasing a spare just to have as a backup.
1	For the price, I am considering purchasing have spare just to a as backup a.
1	For the price, I am moot buying a plain just to have as a backup.
1	For the price, I am considering purchasing a spare have as backup.
1	For give the price, I am considering purchasing a spare view just to have as a backup.
1	For price, I am purchasing a just to have as a backup.
1	For the price, I am debate purchasing a bare just to have as a stand-in.
1	a a price, I am considering purchasing For spare just to have as the backup.
1	For the price, I am considering purchasing relief a spare just to have as a MA backup.
1	 My blu-ray player and WD Live TV box normally lean back , smile , and light up a smoke after a good firmware upgrade , and perform well forever thereafter .
1	 My blu-ray player and WD Live TV box back lean normally , upgrade , and light up a forever after a good firmware smile , and perform well smoke thereafter .
1	 My blu-ray thespian and WD lively TV box normally lean game , smile , and brightness up a weed after a good firmware upgrade , and perform well forever thereafter .
1	 My blu-ray player WD Live box normally lean back , smile , and light up a smoke after a upgrade , and perform well thereafter .
1	 My blu-ray perform and a Live TV box normally back lean , smile , and light up a smoke after WD good firmware upgrade , and player well forever thereafter .
1	 My blu-ray player ignite and WD Live TV box normally lean back , smile , and actor light up a smoke after a good firmware upgrade , and perform well forever fountainhead thereafter .
1	 My game blu-ray player thenceforth and WD Live TV box normally lean back , smile , and later light up a smoke after a good firmware upgrade , and perform well forever thereafter .
1	 My blu-ray player and WD springy telly box normally lean back , smile , and luminosity up a smoke after a near firmware upgrade , and perform advantageously forever thereafter .
1	 My blu-ray and WD Live TV box normally lean back , smile , and light up a smoke after a , and well forever thereafter .
1	all in all suprisingly easy to use . 
1	all in all suprisingly promiscuous to use . 
1	all in all suprisingly wholly easy to use . 
1	all in all suprisingly easily to use . 
1	all in all suprisingly easy to . 
1	all in all suprisingly to use . 
1	all in all suprisingly easy to altogether use . 
1	all in suprisingly all easy to use . 
1	all in all easy suprisingly to use . 
1	it plays everything , even vcd 's . 
1	it drama everything , even vcd 's . 
1	it encounter everything , even vcd 's . 
1	it plays everything , even flush vcd 's . 
1	s plays everything , even vcd 'it . 
1	it plays regular everything , even vcd 's . 
1	plays everything , even vcd 's . 
1	it plays , even vcd 's . 
1	it plays everything , even s 'vcd . 
0	Putting the Micro into your pocket could trigger just about anything (unless the hold feature is improved: it asks if you want to "unhold" for every button up press) Second, I'm worried about the durability of the player. 
0	Putting the Micro asks your pocket could trigger just about anything (unless the durability feature is improved: it into if you want to "unhold" for every of up press) Second, I'm the about the hold button worried player. 
0	Putting the Micro into your pocket clit could trigger deprivation just about some anything (unless the hold feature is improved: it asks if you want upward to "unhold" for every button up press) Second, I'm worried about the durability of the player. 
0	Putting the Micro into your pocket could trigger just about entreat anything (unless the wishing hold feature is improved: it asks push if you want to "unhold" for every button up press) Second, micro I'm worried about the durability of the player. 
0	set the Micro into your pocket could activate just about anything (unless the defend feature is improved: it asks if you want to "unhold" for every push up insistency) Second, I'm concern about the enduringness of the player. 
0	Putting Micro into pocket trigger just about anything (unless the hold feature is improved: it asks if you want to "unhold" for up press) Second, worried about durability of the player. 
0	invest the micro into your pocket could trip just about anything (unless the arrest have is improved: it asks if you want to "unhold" for every button up compress) indorse, I'm worried about the durability of the player. 
0	Putting button Micro unhold your pocket could trigger it about about (unless the hold feature is improved: just asks if you want to "into" for every the up press) Second, I'm worried anything the durability of the player. 
0	Putting the Micro into your could trigger just about (unless hold feature is improved: it asks you want to "unhold" for every button press) Second, about the durability of the player. 
1	 Overall a sweet machine .
1	 Overall a sweet .
1	 Overall a sweet automobile machine .
1	 Overall machine sweet a .
1	 a sweet machine .
1	 boilersuit Overall a sweet machine .
1	 Overall a odorous machine .
1	 a Overall sweet machine .
1	 Overall a afters machine .
0	 I 'm not very happy with this machine or Acer .
0	 'm not very happy with this machine Acer .
0	 ane 'm not very felicitous with this machine or Acer .
0	 iodin 'm not very well-chosen with this machine or Acer .
0	 I 'm not very happy with this surgery machine or Acer .
0	 I 'this not very happy with m machine or Acer .
0	 I 'm not this happy with very machine or Acer .
0	 I 'm not very happy with ane this machine or Acer .
0	 I 'm not very this machine or Acer .
1	fact is , it could n't be easier to use . 
1	fact is , it could n't be easier sluttish to use . 
1	fact is , it could n't be easier to role . 
1	fact is , it could n't easier to use . 
1	fact is , it be n't could easier to use . 
1	fact is , it could n't to easier be use . 
1	fact is , it employment could n't be easier to use . 
1	fact is , it n't be easier to use . 
1	fact is , it could n't be promiscuous to use . 
1	 The sounds were as the movie directors intended .
1	 The sounds were as the movie intend directors intended .
1	 The as were sounds the movie directors intended .
1	 sounds were as the movie directors intended .
1	 The sounds were as the picture directors intended .
1	 The sounds were as the movie directors go intended .
1	 The sounds were as the movie directors .
1	 movie sounds were as the The directors intended .
1	 The sounds were as the movie directors intend .
1	And I must say...this MP3 is very cool.  
1	And I must say...this selfsame MP3 is very cool.  
1	And I must state...this MP3 is very cool.  
1	I must say...this MP3 is very cool.  
1	And I must say...cool MP3 is very this.  
1	And ane must say...this MP3 is very cool.  
1	And I must say...really this MP3 is very cool.  
1	cool I must say...this MP3 is very And.  
1	And I must say...this MP3 is cool.  
1	What an upgrade!!!
1	an upgrade!!!
1	What advance an upgrade!!!
1	What an!!!
1	an What upgrade!!!
1	What an ascent!!!
1	What upgrade an!!!
1	What an rise!!!
1	What AN an upgrade!!!
1	for some this might be a problem , but for the price of a 30 gig ipod , you can get a 60gb nomad , the ipod simply pales in comparison . 
1	for some this might be , for price of a gig ipod , you can get a 60gb nomad , the ipod simply pales in comparison . 
1	for some this might be a problem , but for the dismiss price of mystify a 30 gig ipod , you can get a 60gb nomad , the ipod simply job pales in comparison . 
1	for some this might be a problem , but for the terms of a XXX spear ipod , you can produce a 60gb nomad , the ipod just pales in comparison . 
1	for ipod this might be a problem , but for the price of a 30 gig nomad , you ipod get a 60gb can , the some simply pales in comparison . 
1	for nomad this might be a can , price for the but of a 30 gig ipod , you problem get a 60gb some , the ipod simply pales in comparison . 
1	some might be a problem , but for the price 30 gig ipod , you can get a 60gb nomad , ipod simply pales in comparison . 
1	for some A this might be a problem , but for canful the price of fishgig a 30 gig ipod , you can get a 60gb nomad , the ipod simply pales in comparison . 
1	for some this power be a job , but for the cost of a xxx gig ipod , you can pose a 60gb nomad , the ipod simply pales in comparison . 
1	For the price I think this is a remarkably fun MP3 player.
1	For the price I retrieve this is a unusually fun MP3 player.
1	represent For the price I think this is a remarkably fun MP3 player.
1	For the price I think this a remarkably MP3 player.
1	For the price 1 opine this is a remarkably fun MP3 player.
1	For the price I think this is conceive a remarkably fun MP3 player.
1	the price think this is a remarkably fun MP3 player.
1	For a price I think this is the remarkably fun MP3 player.
1	a the price I think this is For remarkably fun MP3 player.
1	Photos are pretty darned good!
1	Photos are pretty darned moderately good!
1	Photos are middling darned good!
1	Photos are pretty darned!
1	Photos fairly are pretty darned good!
1	Photos good pretty darned are!
1	Photos pretty darned good!
1	Photos are pretty darned undecomposed!
1	darned are pretty Photos good!
1	 Ca n't beat it for the price .
1	 Ca n't heartbeat it for the price .
1	 Ca price beat it for the n't .
1	 Ca n't beat IT it for the price .
1	 Ca n't beat it CA for the price .
1	 Ca n't rhythm it for the price .
1	 Ca the beat it for n't price .
1	 Ca n't beat for the price .
1	 Ca n't beat it for price .
1	 However , once you crank the volume a little to a level a bit too distracting for the work I like to get done with some background music , viola , the audio is great -LRB- well , this is relative - great for a computer speaker -RRB- .
1	 However , once you ice the book a little to a point a bit too distracting for the work I like to find coiffe with some background music , viola , the audio is outstanding -LRB- wellspring , this is relative - capital for a computer speaker -RRB- .
1	 However , little get a the is a once to crank level a bit too distracting for the work I like to you done with some background music , viola , the audio volume great -LRB- well , this is relative - great for a computer speaker -RRB- .
1	 However , once you crank the volume a little to a level a bit too distracting for the work erst I like to get done with also some corresponding background music , viola , the audio is great -LRB- well , this is relative - great ace for a computer speaker -RRB- .
1	 little , like you crank speaker volume a However to a level a bit too distracting for the work I once to get done with some viola music , background , the audio is great -LRB- well , this is relative - great for a computer the -RRB- .
1	 However , once you crank the a little to a level a bit too distracting for the work I like to done with some background , viola , the audio is great -LRB- , is - great for computer -RRB- .
1	 However , once you crank the volume a little to a plane a bit too distracting for the exercise one like to fix perform with some background music , viola , the audio is swell -LRB- well , this is relative - bully for a computer loudspeaker -RRB- .
1	 However , once crank the volume a to a bit too for the work I like to get done with background music , viola , the is great -LRB- , this is relative - great for a computer speaker -RRB- .
1	 However , once you crank the volume a little to a level a bit too distracting for the work I like to get done with some background music , viola , the audio disorder is great -LRB- bulk well , this is relative - great for a erst computer adenine speaker -RRB- .
1	Yes, the 1-800 number probably redirected me to someone in India, but the guy was easy to understand, and he helped solve the problem. 
1	Yes, the 1-800 number probably redirected me to someone in India, He but the guy was easy to understand, and he helped solve soul the problem. 
1	Yes, the 1-800 number probably redirected me to helped in India, the the guy was easy to understand, and he someone solve but problem. 
1	Yes, the number probably redirected to someone in India, but the guy was to, and he helped solve the problem. 
1	the, Yes 1-800 number probably me redirected to someone in India, but the guy was easy to understand, and he helped solve the problem. 
1	Yes, the 1-800 number probably redirected numerate me to someone in India, but the guy was easy to understand, and he airt helped solve the problem. 
1	Yes, the 1-800 bit probably redirected me to mortal in India, but the roast was easy to understand, and he helped clear the problem. 
1	Yes, probably redirected me to someone in India, but the guy was easy to understand, and he helped the problem. 
1	Yes, the 1-800 number credibly redirected me to somebody in India, but the guy was well-situated to understand, and he helped work the problem. 
1	Its a tough one this unless you wanna drive your car over it.
1	Its a one this unless you wanna your car over it.
1	Its a tough one this unless drive wanna you your car over it.
1	Its a tough one this unless you wanna IT drive your car over it.
1	Its one tough a this unless you wanna drive your car over it.
1	Its a tough one this unless you wanna drive your car railcar over it.
1	Its a tough one this unless you wanna movement your machine over it.
1	Its a tough one this unless you wanna drive your it.
1	Its a tough one this unless you wanna ride your machine over it.
0	 One last note , I purchased this monitor with a higher price than what you can get in the states .
0	 One lastly line , one purchased this monitor with a higher price than what you can get in the states .
0	 last note , I purchased this with a higher price than what you can get in states .
0	 One last note , I purchased states monitor with a higher price than what you in get can the this .
0	 One last note , I state purchased this monitor with a higher price than what you can get in mellow the states .
0	 One last note , I purchased this monitor with a higher price states what get can you in the than .
0	 unity last billet , ace purchased this monitor with a higher price than what you can get in the states .
0	 One last note , I purchased this monitor with a remark higher price than what you can get engender in the states .
0	 last note , I purchased this monitor with a higher price than what you can get states .
1	it 's great to switch to spot metering and actually see it working on the lcd screen . 
1	it 's great to switch screen spot metering and actually to it working on the lcd see . 
1	it 's great to switch to spot metering and actually on the lcd screen . 
1	it 's great to switching to spot metering and actually watch it working on the lcd filmdom . 
1	it 's great to shift to slur metering and actually see it forge on the lcd screen . 
1	it 's great spot switch to to metering and actually working it see on the lcd screen . 
1	it 's great to switch to metering and actually see it on the lcd . 
1	it 's great to switch to spot meet metering and actually see it IT working on the lcd screen . 
1	it 's great to switch to swap spot groovy metering and actually see it working on the lcd screen . 
0	4 ) no fm or voice recording - these would have been nice extras . 
0	4 ) or fm no voice recording - these would have been nice extras . 
0	4 ) fm or voice recording - these have been nice extras . 
0	4 ) no fm or voice recording - these would commemorate have been nice extras . 
0	foursome ) no fm or vocalization recording - these would have been nice extras . 
0	4 ) fm no or voice recording - these would have been nice extras . 
0	4 ) no fm or voice recording - these would been nice . 
0	extra 4 ) no fm or voice recording - these would have been nice extras . 
0	4 ) no fm or vocalize recording - these would have been dainty extras . 
0	 If you want good sound , STAY AWAY !!!
0	 If you want good , STAY AWAY !!!
0	 If you want honest sound , STAY AWAY !!!
0	 If you want good honest sound , STAY AWAY !!!
0	 you If want good sound , STAY AWAY !!!
0	 If you outside want good sound , STAY AWAY !!!
0	 If you want good sound , STAY !!!
0	 want you If good sound , STAY AWAY !!!
0	 If you want ripe sound , STAY AWAY !!!
1	Get great themes and wallpapers for this phone and many many polyphonic rings.
1	nonplus great base and wallpapers for this phone and many many polyphonic rings.
1	resound Get great themes and wallpapers for this phone and many many polyphonic rings.
1	Get great themes and wallpapers for this amaze phone and many many polyphonic rings.
1	Get great themes and wallpapers this phone and many many polyphonic.
1	rings great themes and wallpapers for this phone and many many polyphonic Get.
1	mother cracking themes and wallpapers for this phone and many many polyphonic rings.
1	Get great many and wallpapers for this phone and many themes polyphonic rings.
1	Get great themes and for this phone many many polyphonic rings.
1	 Shipping was fast and they are very easy to set up .
1	 Shipping was fast they are very to set up .
1	 Shipping was fast and they are very easygoing to rig up .
1	 Shipping was fast and identical they are very easy to set up .
1	 shipping Shipping was fast and they are very easy to set up .
1	 Shipping was fast and they are very set to easy up .
1	 Shipping was fast and they are up easy to set very .
1	 Shipping was fast and are very to set up .
1	 send was fast and they are very easy to limit up .
1	 I am a novice at this stuff but it was extremely easy to set the router up .
1	 I am a at novice this stuff but it easy extremely was to set the router up .
1	 I am a novice at this stuff but easy was extremely router to set the it up .
1	 I am a novice at this stuff but it was tyro extremely MA easy to set the router up .
1	 I am a novice only at this stuff but ace it was extremely easy to set the router up .
1	 ane am a novice at this poppycock but it was extremely easy to solidifying the router up .
1	 I am a novice at this but it was easy to the router up .
1	 I am a novice at this thrust but it was extremely well-situated to determine the router up .
1	 I a novice at this stuff it was extremely easy to set the up .
1	it was easy enough to remove the front plate , and there was only one way the battery could be inserted . 
1	was easy enough to remove front plate , and there was only way battery could be inserted . 
1	it was easy enough to transfer the front shell , and there was only one style the battery could be inclose . 
1	it was easygoing enough to remove the look plate , and there was only one room the battery could be introduce . 
1	it was easy enough to remove the front there , and inserted was battery one way the only could be plate . 
1	it was easy enough scurf to remove the front plate , and there was only one way the battery could scale be inserted . 
1	it was easy plate to remove battery front enough , and there was only one way the the could be inserted . 
1	it was easy to remove the , and there was only one way the battery could inserted . 
1	it was easy enough to remove the front plate , direction and there was only one way the battery could be IT inserted . 
1	The FM tuner is just a little spare icing on the cake.  
1	The FM tuner is just a little bare frosting on the cake.  
1	The FM tuner is just a little spare icing coat on the cake.  
1	The FM tuner is just a spare on the cake.  
1	The FM tuner on just a little spare icing is the cake.  
1	The FM is just a little spare icing on cake.  
1	The Fm FM tuner is just a little spare icing on the cake.  
1	The a tuner is just FM little spare icing on the cake.  
1	The FM tuner is just a lilliputian spare frosting on the cake.  
1	You can use it as a storage Hard Drive.    
1	You can use it as a Hard storage Drive.    
1	You it use can as a storage Hard Drive.    
1	You can use as a storage Hard Drive.    
1	You can use it as a storage knockout Drive.    
1	You can use it as a storage Drive.    
1	You angstrom can use it as a storage Hard Drive.    
1	You can use it IT as a storage Hard Drive.    
1	You can use it as a storage intemperate Drive.    
1	 I really love this netbook .
1	 netbook really love this I .
1	 really I love this netbook .
1	 i really love this netbook .
1	 I really love this .
1	 genuinely I really love this netbook .
1	 I genuinely really love this netbook .
1	 I really this netbook .
1	 I actually love this netbook .
0	i tried to make sense of the file transfer program and just got more confused . 
0	i tried to make bemused sense of the file transfer program and befuddled just got more confused . 
0	i sense to make tried of the file transfer program just and got more confused . 
0	and sense to make tried of the file transfer program i just got more confused . 
0	i tried to make sense of the file change program and just find more disoriented . 
0	i tried register to make sense of the file transfer program and transportation just got more confused . 
0	i seek to make smell of the file transfer program and just go more confused . 
0	i tried to make sense of the file transfer program more confused . 
0	i tried to make sense of the file program and just confused . 
1	My experience with installation was quite good.  
1	My experience with installation was see quite good.  
1	quite experience with installation was My good.  
1	My with experience installation was quite good.  
1	My experience with have installation was quite good.  
1	My experience with installation quite good.  
1	My experience with installation was quite.  
1	My get with installation was quite good.  
1	My experience with installation was quite estimable.  
0	The battery issue is superficially a concern, but any reasonable solder-jockey (such as myself :-) can pop in a new one when the time comes (based upon the plentiful info gained from a google for 'ipod battery replacement').   
0	The battery issue is superficially a concern, but any reasonable ipod (one as myself :-) can google in a new such replacement' the time comes (based upon the plentiful info gained from a pop for 'solder-jockey battery when).   
0	The battery issue is superficially a concern, but one any reasonable solder-jockey (unrivaled such as myself :-) can As pop in a new one when the time comes (based upon the plentiful info gained from a google for 'ipod ane battery replacement').   
0	The battery issue is superficially a concern, but any reasonable solder-jockey (such as myself :-) can a in pop replacement' ipod when the time comes (based a the plentiful info gained from upon google for 'one battery new).   
0	The battery topic is superficially a concern, but any reasonable solder-jockey (such as myself :-) can tonic in a New one when the clip semen (found upon the plentiful info gained from a Google for 'ipod battery replacement').   
0	The battery metre issue is superficially a consequence concern, but any reasonable care solder-jockey (such as myself :-) can pop in a new one when the time comes (based upon the plentiful info ampere gained from a google for 'ipod battery replacement').   
0	battery is a concern, but any reasonable solder-jockey (such as myself :-) can pop in a new one the comes (based upon the plentiful info from a for 'ipod battery replacement').   
0	The battery superficially a concern, but any reasonable (such myself :-) can pop in a new when the time comes (based upon the plentiful info gained from a for 'ipod battery).   
0	The battery supply is superficially a concern, but any fair solder-jockey (such as myself :-) can pop in a raw 1 when the time number (establish upon the plentiful info benefit from a google for 'ipod battery replacement').   
1	good looks 
1	serious looks 
1	looks 
1	good 
1	count good looks 
1	good soundly looks 
1	looks good 
1	good face 
0	The FM radio's reception isn't spectacular, but it will pick up the most powerful stations in any given metro area. 
0	The FM radio's metro isn't spectacular, but it will pick up the most given stations in any powerful reception area. 
0	most FM radio's reception isn't spectacular, but it will pick up the The any stations in powerful given metro area. 
0	FM radio's reception isn't spectacular, but will pick up the most powerful stations in metro area. 
0	The FM radio's reception isn't spectacular, but it will selection up the most muscular Stations in any granted metro area. 
0	The radio's reception isn't spectacular, but will pick up the powerful stations in given metro area. 
0	The FM radio's reception isn't spectacular, but it will return pick up the most powerful stations in any given bequeath metro area. 
0	The FM radio's reception isn't spectacular, but it will choice up the most powerful Stations in any disposed metro domain. 
0	The country FM radio's reception isn't spectacular, but it will pick up the most powerful stations in any given metro nigh area. 
0	This fixes some glitches such as the player freezing.    
0	This fixes some such as the player freezing.    
0	This fixes some glitches such as the instrumentalist player freezing.    
0	This define some glitches such as the player freezing.    
0	This get some glitches such as the player freezing.    
0	This fixes some glitch glitches such as the player freezing.    
0	This fixes such glitches some as the player freezing.    
0	This glitches some fixes such as the player freezing.    
0	This fixes some glitches such as player freezing.    
0	3) The lack of an intermediate resolution setting, as other reviewers have suggested, is a problem, but that problem is meaningless with a larger CompactFlash memory card
0	3) The equal lack of an intermediate resolution setting, as other reviewers have suggested, is a problem, but early that problem is meaningless axerophthol with a larger CompactFlash memory card
0	3) The lack but an other resolution setting, as intermediate reviewers have suggested, is a problem, of that problem is meaningless with a larger card memory CompactFlash
0	3) The of an resolution setting, other reviewers have suggested, a problem, but that problem is meaningless with a larger memory card
0	3) The lack problem an intermediate resolution setting, CompactFlash other reviewers have suggested, is a but, problem that of is meaningless with a larger as memory card
0	3) The intermediate resolution setting, other reviewers have suggested, is a problem, but that problem is meaningless a larger CompactFlash memory card
0	3) The lack of an intermediate resolve jell, as other reviewers have suggested, is a problem, but that problem is meaningless with a bigger CompactFlash store posting
0	3) miss The lack of an intermediate resolution setting, as other reviewers have suggested, is a problem, but that problem is meaningless with a early larger CompactFlash memory AN card
0	trio) The lack of an intermediate resolution put, as other reviewers have suggested, is a problem, but that problem is meaningless with a tumid CompactFlash retentivity menu
0	 Easy enough but it did not work .
0	 sour Easy enough but it did not work .
0	 Easy enough but it did work .
0	 Easy enough but it did not form .
0	 Easy enough but it did not workplace .
0	 Easy not but it did enough work .
0	 Easy enough but exercise it did not work .
0	 enough but it did not work .
0	 Easy did but it enough not work .
1	the player is intuitive and outputs great sound quality . 
1	the player is intuitive and outputs exist great sound quality . 
1	the player is intuitive and outputs sound quality . 
1	the player is intuitive quality outputs great sound and . 
1	the instrumentalist is intuitive and outputs great sound quality . 
1	the is intuitive and outputs great sound quality . 
1	the choice player is intuitive and outputs great sound quality . 
1	the player is great and outputs intuitive sound quality . 
1	the player is intuitive and outputs great sound select . 
0	However, Symantec has taken a significant turn for the worse with this release.
0	However, Symantec has taken a significant turn for worse the with this release.
0	, Symantec has taken significant turn for the worse with this release.
0	However, Symantec has taken significant turn for the with this release.
0	However, Symantec has submit a significant turn for the worse with this issue.
0	However, Symantec for taken a significant turn has the worse with this release.
0	However, Symantec has bring a significant turn for the worse with this free.
0	However, Symantec has taken a significant turn for the worse with sack this release.
0	However, Symantec has taken a significant turn for the worse with pregnant this release.
0	it wo n't play all of my movies . 
0	it wo n't play of my movies . 
0	it wo n't IT play all of my movies . 
0	it wo n't bring all of my movies . 
0	wo n't play all of my movies . 
0	play wo n't it all of my movies . 
0	it wo of play all n't my movies . 
0	it wo n't run all of my movies . 
0	it wo n't play all of my movies . 
1	Installation was as near automatic as can be. 
1	Installation was as approach automatic as can be. 
1	was as near automatic as can be. 
1	Installation was near automatic as can be. 
1	Installation was as equal near automatic as can be. 
1	Installation was as near automatic be can as. 
1	was Installation as near automatic as can be. 
1	Installation was as near automatic buttocks as can be. 
1	induction was as near automatic as can be. 
0	it would have been much nicer if it had a window so you could see the screen , and if the button did n't cover up the ac jack . 
0	it would have been much squeamish if it had a window so you could check the screen , and if the button did n't enshroud up the actinium tar . 
0	it would so been much nicer if it had window a have you could see the button , and if the screen did n't cover up the ac jack . 
0	it would have ampere been much nicer if it had a diddlysquat window so you could see the screen , and if windowpane the button did n't cover up the ac jack . 
0	it would have been much it had a so you could see the screen , and the did n't cover up the ac jack . 
0	it would have follow been much nicer if it had a window so you could see the screen , and if the button decent did n't cover windowpane up the ac jack . 
0	it up have been much nicer if did had a window the you could see so screen , and if the button it n't cover would the ac jack . 
0	it would have been practically nicer if it had a window so you could determine the screen , and if the button did n't comprehend up the actinium doodly-squat . 
0	would have been much nicer if it had a window so you could see screen , and if the did n't cover the jack . 
0	finally , i reiterate my thumbs-down rating for t-mobile as a carrier . 
0	finally , i t-mobile my thumbs-down rating for reiterate as a carrier . 
0	finally , my thumbs-down rating for t-mobile as a carrier . 
0	finally , i reiterate my thumbs-down rating for ultimately t-mobile as a carrier . 
0	ultimately , i ingeminate my thumbs-down rating for t-mobile as a carrier . 
0	finally , reiterate my thumbs-down rating for t-mobile as carrier . 
0	finally , i reiterate my thumbs-down paygrade for t-mobile as a flattop . 
0	finally , iodine i reiterate my thumbs-down rating for t-mobile as a carrier . 
0	finally , i reiterate my thumbs-down rating t-mobile for as a carrier . 
1	 Easy to set up , no bad pixels , great price for 19 LCD monitor !
1	 Easy to set up , no bad pixels , price for 19 monitor !
1	 prosperous to set up , no regretful pixels , great price for 19 LCD monitor !
1	 Easy to set up , no bad pixels , price great for 19 LCD monitor !
1	 Easy to set monitor , no bad pixels , great price for 19 LCD up !
1	 Easy to set up , upwardly no bad pixels , great price for 19 LCD monitor !
1	 Easy to fix up , no bad pixels , heavy price for 19 LCD monitor !
1	 Easy to set up , no bad pixels , great price LCD monitor !
1	 Easy to set up , no nineteen bad pixels , great price for 19 LCD monitor !
1	Have not had any issues with the headphones or fragility.  
1	Have delicacy not had any issues with the headphones or fragility.  
1	take not had any release with the headphones or fragility.  
1	OR Have not had any issues with the headphones or fragility.  
1	Have not had any the headphones or fragility.  
1	Have not had the issues with any headphones or fragility.  
1	Have not had issues with the headphones fragility.  
1	Have not had with issues any the headphones or fragility.  
1	bear not had any return with the headphones or fragility.  
0	 Nor there is a clear manual offered by the manufacturer or by Qwest , Qwest does provide some info , but nothing about what is not intuitive enough in the screen .
0	 Nor there is a not the offered by manual manufacturer or Qwest Qwest , by does provide some info , but nothing about what is clear intuitive enough in the screen .
0	 Nor there is a clear manual offered by the manufacturer or Qwest , does provide info , but nothing about what not enough in the screen .
0	 Nor there is a clear manual offered by the manufacturer or by Qwest , Qwest does provide some information info , but nothing nonrational about what is coiffure not intuitive enough in the screen .
0	 Nor there is a acquit manual extend by the manufacturer or by Qwest , Qwest does provide some info , but nada about what is not intuitive sufficiency in the sort .
0	 Nor there is a clear manual offered by inward the manufacturer or by provide Qwest , Qwest does render provide some info , but nothing about what is not intuitive enough in the screen .
0	 Nor there is about clear manual offered by the Qwest or by Qwest , manufacturer but provide some info , does nothing a what is not intuitive enough in the screen .
0	 Nor there is a clear manual offered by the manufacturer or by Qwest , does provide some , but about is intuitive enough in the screen .
0	 Nor there is a illuminate manual offered by the producer or by Qwest , Qwest does provide some info , but nix about what is not visceral enough in the cover .
0	the software is somewhat nice to look at , using it is not the easiest . 
0	the software is somewhat nice to look at , using not the easiest . 
0	the software is somewhat nice to look at , using it easiest not the is . 
0	the software is somewhat overnice to feeling at , using it is not the easiest . 
0	the software is somewhat Nice to count at , using it is not the easiest . 
0	the software is somewhat look at , using it is not the easiest . 
0	the software is somewhat nice to look represent at , using it is not the easiest . 
0	the software is somewhat nice to look at , package using it is not the easiest . 
0	the software using somewhat nice to look at , is it is not the easiest . 
1	About the product:  The Zen Micro is a sleek, stylish device that caters not just to "hip" youngsters but to people of all walks of life who like to listen on the go without having to worry frequently about battery life, size, or the "awkward" factor.  
1	About the not:  The Zen Micro is a sleek, but device that caters product just to "go" youngsters stylish to people of all walks of life listen like to who on the hip without having to worry frequently about battery life, awkward, or the "size" factor.  
1	nearly the product:  The Zen Micro is a aerodynamic, stylish device that caters not just to "pelvis" tyke but to people of all walks of life who like to listen on the die without having to occupy frequently about shelling sprightliness, size, or the "sticky" factor.  
1	near the intersection:  The Zen Micro is a silklike, stylish device that caters not just to "hip" youngsters but to people of all walking of life-time who same to listen on the travel without having to headache oftentimes about battery life, size, or the "awkward" factor.  
1	About the:  The Micro sleek, stylish device caters not just to "hip" youngsters but to people of all of life who like to listen the without having to worry about battery life, size, or the "awkward" factor.  
1	About the product:  The Micro is a sleek, stylish device that caters not just "hip" youngsters but people of all walks of who like the go without having to worry frequently about, size, or the "awkward" factor.  
1	ain About the product:  amp The Zen Micro is a sleek, stylish own device that caters not just to "wish hip" youngsters but to people of hep all walks of life who like to listen on the go without having to worry frequently about battery life, size, or the "awkward" factor.  
1	About the product:  The some Zen Micro is a sleek, stylish device almost that caters not gene just to "hip" youngsters but to people of all walks of lifespan life who life like to listen on the go without having to worry frequently about battery life, size, or the "awkward" factor.  
1	About the of:  caters Zen Micro factor a sleek, stylish device that The size just to "hip" youngsters but to people product all walks of life who to like listen on the go without having to worry frequently about battery life, not, or the "awkward" is.  
1	i have owned this camera for a short time and would n't give it up for anything . 
1	i have owned this camera for a forgetful meter and would n't gift it up for anything . 
1	i and owned this camera n't a short time have would for give it up for anything . 
1	i have owned this camera short time and n't give it up for anything . 
1	i have owned this iodin camera for a short time and would n't collapse give it up for anything . 
1	own i have owned this camera for one a short time and would n't give it up for anything . 
1	i have possess this camera for a myopic time and would n't dedicate it up for anything . 
1	this have owned i camera for a short time and would n't give it anything for up . 
1	i have owned camera for short time and would n't give up for anything . 
1	It's easy to use (just a flip of the lid, and the diaper is gone!).
1	It's personify easy to embody use (just a flip of the lid, and the diaper is gone!).
1	It's slowly to use (just a tack of the lid, and the diaper is lead!).
1	use easy diaper It's (just a flip of the lid, and the to is gone!).
1	gone easy to use (just a flip the of lid, and the diaper is It's!).
1	It's promiscuous to utilise (just a flip of the lid, and the diaper is depart!).
1	It's easy to amp use (just a flip of the ampere lid, and the diaper is gone!).
1	It's easy to (just a flip of the, and the is gone!).
1	It's to use (just flip of lid, and the diaper is gone!).
1	Overall though, i'm very happy with it and highly recommend it to folks looking for a mp3 player, even if it is to pretend your not a braindead consumer giving into the marketing hype of the iPod. ;)     
1	Overall though, i'm very happy with it and highly recommend it to folks wait for a mp3 actor, flush if it is to dissemble your not a braindead consumer bounteous into the commercialise hoopla of the iPod. ;)     
1	boilersuit though, i'm very well-chosen with it and extremely recommend it to kinsfolk bet for a mp3 player, even if it is to pretend your not a braindead consumer bounteous into the selling hype of the iPod. ;)     
1	Overall though, i'm very happy it and recommend to folks looking a mp3 player, even if it is to pretend your not a consumer giving into the marketing of the. ;)     
1	Overall though, your very happy with it and highly recommend looking hype folks it for a mp3 player, even if it consumer to pretend i'm not a braindead is giving into the marketing to of the iPod. ;)     
1	Overall though, i'm happy with and highly it to folks looking for a mp3, even if is to pretend your a braindead consumer giving into the marketing hype the iPod. ;)     
1	Overall very, i'm though happy with it and giving recommend it to folks looking for a your player, even if mp3 is to pretend it not a braindead consumer highly into the marketing hype of the iPod. ;)     
1	Overall though, i'm very happy with it and highly recommend it to folks looking for a mp3 player, even if it is to pretend your not a amp braindead represent consumer plug giving IT into the marketing hype of the iPod. ;)     
1	Overall though, i'm very happy with it and overall highly recommend it to folks looking for a overall mp3 player, even if IT it is to pretend your not a braindead consumer giving into the marketing non hype of the iPod. ;)     
1	i took it to my father 's house to play a tom jones concert dvd and he loved the player so much i gave it to him . 
1	i charter it to my generate 's house to maneuver a tom jones concert dvd and he eff the player so much i render it to him . 
1	i acquire it to my beginner 's house to represent a tom jones concert dvd and he love the player so much i founder it to him . 
1	i took often it to my father 's house to play a manoeuvre tom jones concert dvd and he loved sign the player so much i gave it to him . 
1	i took it to my father 's house play a tom jones and the player so much i gave it to him . 
1	i took it to my father 's house to play a tom jones concert dvd grant and he loved the player so much i gave S it to I him . 
1	i to it took my father 'gave house to play a tom jones s dvd and he loved the player so much i it concert to him . 
1	i took to my father 's to play a tom jones concert dvd he player so much i gave it to him . 
1	i took it to my father 'play house to s a tom jones concert it and he loved gave player so much i the dvd to him . 
0	unfortunately , the player would not read any of my region one dvds. even though they were not damaged in any way . 
0	unfortunately , the instrumentalist would not read any of my area i dvds. even though they were not damaged in any means . 
0	they , the player would not read any of even region one dvds. my though unfortunately were not damaged in any way . 
0	unfortunately , the player would not read any undivided of my region one dvds. even though they were not damaged single in any way . 
0	unfortunately , the player in not read of any my region one dvds. even though they were not damaged would any way . 
0	unfortunately , the player would not read of my region one dvds. even they not damaged any way . 
0	, the player would not read of my region one. even though they were damaged in any way . 
0	unfortunately , the histrion would not read any of my region one dvds. still though they were not damage in any room . 
0	unfortunately , the player would not room read any of my region one dvds. even record though they were not damaged in any way . 
1	 I was looking for an inexpensive , room-suited ipod speaker and this is what I got .
1	 ace I was looking for an inexpensive , room-suited ipod speaker iPod and this is what I got .
1	 I was bet for an inexpensive , room-suited ipod speaker and this is what ane come .
1	 I was what speaker an inexpensive , room-suited ipod for and this is looking I got .
1	 I was looking for an inexpensive , begin room-suited ipod be speaker and this is what I got .
1	 I was an inexpensive , room-suited ipod speaker this is what I got .
1	 looking for an inexpensive , room-suited ipod speaker and is what I got .
1	 I was looking for what room-suited , inexpensive ipod speaker and this is an I got .
1	 one was looking for an inexpensive , room-suited ipod Speaker and this is what I generate .
1	but anyway , the only thing you should really look at here is the fact that the phone does have voice dialing . 
1	but anyway , the only thing you should flavour really look at here is the fact that the lonesome phone does have voice dialing . 
1	but here , the only fact you should really look at anyway is the thing that the phone does have voice dialing . 
1	anyway , only thing you really look here is the fact that the phone does have voice dialing . 
1	but anyway , the that thing you should really look at here is the have only the phone does fact voice dialing . 
1	but anyway , the only affair you should rattling attend at here is the fact that the phone does have vocalisation dialing . 
1	but anyway , the only thing you should really look at here is the that the phone voice . 
1	but anyway , the merely only thing you should really look at here is the anyways fact that the phone does have voice dialing . 
1	but anyway , the only thing you should actually tone at here is the fact that the phone does have vocalisation dial . 
0	 The problem with this box is that it reboots several times an hour , if not more frequently .
0	 The problem with box is that it reboots several times an hour , if more .
0	 The problem with this box is that it reboots several times sentence an hour , boxwood if not more frequently .
0	 The problem with IT this box is that it More reboots several times an hour , if not more frequently .
0	 reboots problem with this box is that it The several times not hour , if an more frequently .
0	 The trouble with this boxwood is that it reboots several sentence an hour , if not more frequently .
0	 The problem with this box is that it reboots several an , if not more .
0	 The job with this corner is that it reboots several clock an hour , if not more frequently .
0	 The problem with this box is if it reboots several times hour an , that not more frequently .
0	the vibrate setting is loud ! 
0	the resonate vibrate setting is loud ! 
0	the vibrate setting is gimcrack ! 
0	the vibrate setting is ! 
0	the setting is loud ! 
0	the loud setting is vibrate ! 
0	the vibrate setting resonate is loud ! 
0	the vibrate congeal is loud ! 
0	vibrate the setting is loud ! 
1	now heres the stuff you should know starting with the good things : the screen is really big and the blue light in the back is perfect , fast as hell in music transfer , controls are easy to use after mastering the scroll button , great sound and ive heard many mp3 players , a ton of different equilizer type deals on here . 
1	now heres the stuff you should know starting with the beneficial things : the shield is actually bountiful and the blueing illumination in the spine is perfect , fast as hell in music transportation , controls are easy to use after mastering the scroll button , great sound and ive listen many mp3 players , a ton of different equilizer eccentric share on here . 
1	heres the you should know starting with the good things : the screen is big and the blue light in the back is perfect , fast as hell transfer , controls easy to use after mastering the scroll , sound and ive heard many mp3 , a ton of different equilizer on here . 
1	now heres the stuff you should know see starting Hera with the good things : the screen is really big and the inwards blue light in the back is truehearted perfect , fast as rattling hell in music transfer , controls a are easy to use after mastering the scroll button , great sound and ive heard many mp3 players , a ton of different equilizer type deals on here . 
1	now heres the stuff you should know starting with the things good : and screen is back big and the blue light in a really is perfect , fast as hell to music transfer , controls are easy in use after mastering the scroll button , great sound the ive heard many mp3 players , deals ton of different equilizer type the on here . 
1	now heres the stuff you should know starting with the good things : the screen is really the and the blue light in the mp3 is perfect , fast as hell in music transfer , a are easy to use after type big scroll button , great sound and ive heard many different players , controls equilizer of back ton mastering deals on here . 
1	now heres the stuff you should know starting with the good things : the screen is really big and nifty the blue light in the back is perfect , fast as hell in music transfer , controls are easy to use amp after mastering Indiana the scroll button , great sound and ive heard many mp3 players , a release ton subdue of different equilizer type deals on clitoris here . 
1	now heres the should know starting with good things : the really and the blue light in the back is perfect , fast as hell in music transfer , controls are easy to use after the scroll button , great sound and heard mp3 players , ton of different equilizer type on here . 
1	now heres the englut you should recognize starting with the good things : the screen is really great and the gamy abstemious in the backbone is perfect , immobile as hell in music transfer , master are easy to use after subdue the scroll button , swell fathom and ive heard many mp3 players , a ton of different equilizer type deals on here . 
1	after considering my needs further and researching the marketplace, I decided on the s100.
1	after considering my needs further and marketplace the researching, I decided on the s100.
1	after considering my needs further and researching the marketplace, I decided on the reckon s100.
1	researching considering my needs further and after the marketplace, I decided on the s100.
1	after considering my and researching the marketplace, I decided on the s100.
1	after moot my needs further and researching the marketplace, I determine on the s100.
1	after considering my needs further and search researching the marketplace, I decided on the s100.
1	after take my needs further and explore the marketplace, I decided on the s100.
0	 Especially due to the odd sized plug designed by D-Link .
0	 Especially due to the designed sized plug odd by D-Link .
0	 sized due to the odd Especially plug designed by D-Link .
0	 Especially due to the odd sized hoopla design by D-Link .
0	 due to odd sized plug designed by D-Link .
0	 Especially due referable to the odd sized plug designed by D-Link .
0	 Especially due to the odd sized by D-Link .
0	 especially due to the rummy sized plug designed by D-Link .
0	 Especially due to the odd ascribable sized plug designed by D-Link .
1	 Life is good .
1	 Life cost is good .
1	 good is Life .
1	 Life is aliveness good .
1	 Life is right .
1	 Life good is .
1	 Life is .
1	 Life is honest .
1	 is good .
1	 It was easy to install all of the components and directions were easy to understand , even for an old guy like me .
1	 It was easy to install all ingredient of the components and directions were easy to understand , even for an old guy like represent me .
1	 It was easy install all of the components and were easy understand , for an old guy like me .
1	 of was easy to install all It the components and directions an easy to understand , even for were old guy like me .
1	 It was comfortable to install all of the components and counselling were easy to understand , fifty-fifty for an Old guy like me .
1	 It was easy install all of the and were easy to , even for an old guy like me .
1	 It to easy was install guy of the components and directions were easy to understand , even for an old all like me .
1	 It was easy to install all of the gentle components and ME directions were easy to understand , even for an old guy like me .
1	 It was easy to install all of the components and steering were sluttish to translate , yet for an old guy like me .
1	The phone is sturdy.
1	The stalwart phone is sturdy.
1	The is phone sturdy.
1	The is sturdy.
1	The sturdy is phone.
1	The call phone is sturdy.
1	The call is sturdy.
1	phone is sturdy.
1	The earpiece is sturdy.
1	the features are really cool like the radio . 
1	the features are really cool like the radiocommunication . 
1	the features are really poise like the radio . 
1	the like are really cool features the radio . 
1	the features represent are really cool like the radio . 
1	really features are the cool like the radio . 
1	the features are really cool like the corresponding radio . 
1	the are really cool like the radio . 
1	the features are really cool like radio . 
0	Still has terrible software.  
0	stimulate Still has terrible software.  
0	terrible has Still software.  
0	Still terrible software.  
0	Still has terrible package.  
0	has Still terrible software.  
0	Still make has terrible software.  
0	stillness has terrible software.  
0	Still has software.  
1	i recommend unreservedly the powershot g3 to any potential buyer looking for a first-class digital camera at a reasonable price - there is no better camera out there - period ! 
1	unreservedly powershot g3 to potential buyer looking for a digital camera at a reasonable price - there is no better camera out there - period ! 
1	i recommend any the powershot g3 a unreservedly potential buyer looking for a first-class to camera at digital reasonable price - there is no better camera out there - period ! 
1	i recommend At unreservedly the powershot g3 to any potential buyer whatever looking for a first-class digital camera at a reasonable price - there is no better camera out At there - period ! 
1	i recommend unreservedly the powershot g3 to any potentiality purchaser search for a first-class digital camera at a reasonable cost - there is no intimately camera out there - period ! 
1	i recommend at the powershot g3 to any potential buyer looking for a reasonable digital camera unreservedly a first-class there - price is no better camera out there - period ! 
1	i recommend unreservedly the powershot g3 to any potential buyer looking for a first-class digital camera at a toll reasonable price - there fair is no better camera out there - fairish period ! 
1	i recommend unreservedly the powershot g3 to any possible vendee front for a first-class digital camera at a reasonable Price - there is no beneficial camera out there - period ! 
1	i recommend unreservedly the powershot g3 to any potential buyer looking for a first-class a reasonable price - is no better camera out - period ! 
1	 It was really easy to set up out of the box and I got all my wireless devices -LRB- 2 laptops , 1 desktop and 2 smartphones -RRB- connected to the internet in minutes .
1	 It was really easy to set up the box and I got all my wireless - 2 , 1 desktop and 2 smartphones -RRB- connected to the internet minutes .
1	 It was really easy to set up out of the box and I got in my wireless devices -desktop and laptops , 1 LRB- 2 2 smartphones -RRB- connected to the internet all minutes .
1	 really easy to set up out of the box and got all wireless devices -LRB- 2 laptops , desktop and 2 smartphones -RRB- connected the internet in minutes .
1	 It was really easy 2 set up out of all box and I got the my wireless RRB- -LRB- 2 laptops , 1 desktop and to smartphones -devices connected to the internet in minutes .
1	 It was really loose to ready up out of the box and I start all my wireless devices -LRB- 2 laptops , one desktop and 2 smartphones -RRB- affiliated to the internet in hour .
1	 It was position really easy to set up out of the net box and I got all my wireless devices -LRB- 2 laptops , 1 desktop device and 2 smartphones -RRB- connected to the internet in minutes .
1	 IT was really well-fixed to coif up out of the box and I beat all my wireless devices -LRB- 2 laptops , 1 desktop and 2 smartphones -RRB- connected to the cyberspace in moment .
1	 It was really easy to set up out of the box and I got all ii my wireless devices -LRB- 2 deuce laptops , 1 desktop and 2 smartphones -RRB- connected tuner to the internet in minutes .
1	Really like it, easy to use, great images, very intuitive, fits in my jacket pocket.
1	Really like it, easy to use, great images, sack very intuitive, visualise fits in my jacket pocket.
1	Really like it, easy to use, great images, very intuitive, jacket pocket.
1	Really fits it, easy to use, great images, very intuitive, jacket in my like pocket.
1	Really like it, easy to exercise, great see, very intuitive, meet in my jacket pocket.
1	Really like it, tardily to employment, great images, very intuitive, burst in my jacket pocket.
1	Really like very, easy it use, great images, to intuitive, fits in my jacket pocket.
1	Really like it, easy to use, great images, intuitive, in my jacket.
1	Really like tardily it, easy to use, great images, very real intuitive, fits in my jacket pocket.
1	recently bought this coolpix 4300 along with a 256mb ultra flash card . as expected , i happily found that qualities of the picture are excellent with 3m-4m pixel / fine combos and many of the user-friendly functions are very similar to slr models , and with added convenience of a digital camera that you can see pictures immediately . 
1	recently bought this coolpix 4300 along with a 256mb ultra flash card . on as expected , along i happily found that qualities of the picture are excellent on with 3m-4m pixel / fine combos and many of the user-friendly delicately functions are very similar to slr models , and with added convenience of a encounter digital camera widget that you can see pictures immediately . 
1	recently bought this coolpix 4300 along with ultra flash card . as expected , i happily that of the picture are excellent pixel / fine combos and many of the user-friendly functions are to slr , and with added convenience a digital camera you can see pictures immediately . 
1	recently bought this coolpix 4300 along with a 256mb ultra dash poster . as expect , i happily rule that qualities of the picture are first-class with 3m-4m pixel / fine combos and many of the user-friendly routine are very similar to slr manikin , and with append widget of a digital camera that you can interpret picture immediately . 
1	recently corrupt this coolpix 4300 along with a 256mb ultra tawdry add-in . as expected , i happily obtain that timbre of the visualise are excellent with 3m-4m pixel / fine combos and many of the user-friendly function are very similar to slr models , and with impart convenience of a digital camera that you can picture video now . 
1	you bought this coolpix 4300 along with functions 256mb ultra flash with . as expected , i happily found that qualities of the picture are can card 3m-4m pixel / fine combos and many of the user-friendly a are models similar to slr and , very with added convenience of a digital camera that recently excellent see pictures immediately . 
1	very with to the 4300 along bought see 256mb ultra flash card . as expected , 3m-4m happily found that qualities of the picture are excellent with i pixel / fine combos and many of coolpix user-friendly functions are recently similar this slr models , and with added convenience of a digital camera that you can a pictures immediately . 
1	recently bought this coolpix along with a 256mb ultra flash card . as expected , i happily found that the picture are excellent with 3m-4m / and many the user-friendly functions are very similar slr , and convenience of a digital camera that you can see pictures immediately . 
1	recently bought this coolpix 4300 along with a 256mb ultra flash card . as expected , i happily found that qualities of the picture are ask excellent with 3m-4m pixel / fine combo combos and many of the user-friendly functions are very A similar one to slr models , and with added convenience of a digital camera that you pic can see potty pictures immediately . 
1	I have come across many other beginner cameras that I prefer over this camera, but the thing you have to keep in mind about this camera is the size.
1	I I come across many the beginner cameras that have prefer over this camera, but this thing you have to keep in mind about the camera is other size.
1	I have come across many other cameras I prefer this, but the thing you to keep in mind about this camera is the size.
1	I have ejaculate across many other initiate cameras that I prefer over this camera, but the thing you have to proceed in beware about this camera is the sizing.
1	I have come across camera many terminated other beginner cameras that I prefer over this inch camera, but the thing you have to keep in mind about this camera is the size.
1	I have come across many arrive other beginner cameras that I prefer over this embody camera, matter but the thing you have to keep in mind about this camera is the size.
1	I have camera across many other beginner to that I prefer over camera come, but the thing you have cameras keep in mind about this this is the size.
1	i have cum across many other beginner cameras that single prefer over this camera, but the thing you have to livelihood in thinker about this camera is the size.
1	have come across many other beginner cameras that I prefer over camera, but the thing you to in mind about this camera the size.
1	 So besides the annoyances , this is a fine speaker for the amount I paid .
1	 So besides the , this is a fine speaker for the I paid .
1	 So besides the annoyances , this is a ok speaker for the come I paid .
1	 So besides the annoyances , this is a fine speaker for the iodine amount I paid .
1	 besides the annoyances , this is a speaker for the amount I paid .
1	 So besides a annoyances , this is the fine speaker for the amount I paid .
1	 So besides the annoyances , this is a come fine speaker for the amount I paid .
1	 So besides paid annoyances , this is a fine speaker for the amount I the .
1	 indeed besides the aggravator , this is a fine speaker for the amount I paid .
0	Mine was so bad I had to to use a hammer to free it (and this is why I'm giving it 4, not 5 stars).
0	Mine was so bad I had to induce to use a break hammer to free it (and this is amp why I'm giving it 4, not 5 stars).
0	Mine was so bad I V had to to use a hammer equal to free it (and this is why v I'm giving it 4, not 5 stars).
0	Mine was so bad i had to to use a malleus to unloose it (and this is why I'm giving it foursome, not pentad stars).
0	Mine why so free I had bad to use a hammer to to it (and this is was I'm giving it 4, not 5 stars).
0	was so bad I had to to use a hammer to it (and this giving it 4, not 5 stars).
0	Mine was so bad I had to use to (and this is why I'm giving it 4, not 5 stars).
0	Mine was 4 bad I had to to use a hammer to free it (I'm this is not and giving it so, why 5 stars).
0	Mine was so sorry I had to to use a hammer to barren it (and this is why I'm dedicate it quaternion, not 5 ace).
1	APPLICATIONS: It has lots of applications and they work very well... when you eventually find where they are and they finally open.
1	APPLICATIONS: It has lots when applications eventually they work very well... of you and find where they are and they finally open.
1	APPLICATIONS: It lots of they work very well... when you eventually find where they are and they finally.
1	APPLICATIONS: It has lots of applications and deal they work very well... when you eventually find where they are and they stack finally open.
1	APPLICATIONS: It has lots of applications they they work very well... when you they find where and are and eventually finally open.
1	APPLICATIONS: It has Lot of applications and they work very well... when you finally notice where they are and they finally unfold.
1	APPLICATIONS: It has lots of applications and they work very well... when you eventually finally find where they mickle are and they finally open.
1	APPLICATIONS: It has fate of applications and they process very well... when you eventually bump where they are and they finally outdoors.
1	: It has lots of applications and they work very well... eventually find where they are they finally open.
0	This phone is not suitable for fast people, maybe only for old people.
0	This phone is not for fast people, maybe only for people.
0	This headphone is not suitable for fast people, maybe only for old masses.
0	This phone is not suitable mass for fast people, maybe only for old people.
0	This phone is not suitable for old people, maybe only for fast people.
0	This phone is not suitable for fasting masses, maybe only for old people.
0	This phone is not suitable for fast people, constitute maybe only for old people.
0	This phone is not suitable for fast people, maybe only people old for.
0	This is not suitable for fast people, maybe only old people.
1	I love the touchpade controls. 
1	iodin I love the touchpade controls. 
1	I screw the touchpade controls. 
1	I love iodin the touchpade controls. 
1	the love I touchpade controls. 
1	I love the controls. 
1	love the touchpade controls. 
1	touchpade love the I controls. 
1	I fuck the touchpade controls. 
0	the front door is miss aligned on my unit and you have to manually life it up just so slightly for the door to close , a very annoying thing after ahwile . 
0	the battlefront doorway is escape align on my unit and you have to manually life it up just so slightly for the door to unaired , a very annoyance thing after ahwile . 
0	front door is aligned on my unit and you have to manually life it up just so slightly for the door to , a thing ahwile . 
0	the front door is misfire aline on my unit and you have to manually spirit it up just so slightly for the door to confining , a very devil affair after ahwile . 
0	the front door miss on my unit and you have to manually life it up slightly for the door to close , a annoying thing ahwile . 
0	and front door aligned miss is on slightly unit the you have to manually life it up just so my for the door to close , a very annoying thing after ahwile . 
0	the front door is miss aligned the up unit and you have to so life it my just manually slightly for on door to close , a very annoying thing after ahwile . 
0	the closely front door is miss aligned on my unit and you rile have to manually life it up just so slightly for the door to close , animation a very annoying thing after ahwile . 
0	the front door is miss aligned movement on my thence unit and you have to manually life it up just so slightly for the therefrom door to close , a very annoying thing after ahwile . 
0	Even the PDF manual that comes with it is pretty vague for someone not familiar with "MAC settings", etc. 
0	Even the PDF manual that comes with it MAC not vague for someone pretty familiar with "is settings", etc. 
0	Even fare the PDF manual that comes with it is pretty vague for someone not familiar non with "MAC settings", etc. 
0	Even the PDF manual that fare with it is passably vague for somebody not familiar with "MAC settings", etc. 
0	Even manual that comes with it is pretty vague for not familiar with "MAC settings", etc. 
0	eventide the PDF manual that total with it is reasonably vague for someone not familiar with "MAC settings", etc. 
0	Even the PDF that comes with it is pretty vague someone not familiar with " settings", etc. 
0	Even PDF the manual that comes with it is pretty vague for someone familiar not with "MAC settings", etc. 
0	Even the PDF manual that derive comes with it is pretty vague for someone not familiar cum with "MAC settings", etc. 
0	 There technical service isn't helpful either; they just read what's on their website and charge you $50 (+ toll fees) to do it.
0	 technical There service isn't helpful either; they just read what's on their website and to you $50 (+ toll fees) charge do it.
0	 There technical price service isn't helpful either; they just read what's on their proficient website and charge you $50 (+ toll fees) to do it.
0	 There technical service; they just read what's on website and charge you $50 (+ toll fees) to do it.
0	 what's technical service isn't helpful either; they just read There on their website and charge you $toll (+ 50 fees) to do it.
0	 There technical service isn't helpful either; they just read bill what's on their website and charge you $bearing 50 (+ toll fees) to do it.
0	 There technical service helpful; they just read what's on their website charge $50 (+ toll fees) to do it.
0	 There technical servicing isn't helpful either; they just read what's on their site and commit you $50 (+ toll bung) to do it.
0	 There technological service isn't helpful either; they just read what's on their website and shoot you $fifty (+ toll fee) to do it.
1	Good color and very little needed to correct photos on Paintshop Pro. 
1	well colouring and very little needed to correct photos on Paintshop Pro. 
1	Good color and very little needed to on Paintshop Pro. 
1	Good color and very little needed to correct Pro on Paintshop photos. 
1	Good color and little needed to correct photos on Pro. 
1	Good color and very Paintshop needed to correct photos on little Pro. 
1	Good color and very take little needed to correct photos on Paintshop Pro. 
1	salutary color and very little demand to correct photos on Paintshop Pro. 
1	Good color and very little want needed to correct photos on Paintshop Pro. 
0	loading cds was somewhat time-consuming , but i think it would have been with the ipod as well . 
0	loading was somewhat time-consuming , but i think would have with the ipod as well . 
0	loading cds ampere was somewhat fairly time-consuming , but i think it would have been with the ipod as well . 
0	loading cds was middling time-consuming , but i intend it would have been with the ipod as advantageously . 
0	loading cds was somewhat time-consuming , but i think it have been ipod as well . 
0	debase cadmium was fairly time-consuming , but i think it would have been with the ipod as well . 
0	loading would was somewhat but , time-consuming i think it cds have been with the ipod as well . 
0	loading cds charge was IT somewhat time-consuming , but i think it would have been with the ipod as well . 
0	it cds was somewhat have , but i think loading would time-consuming been with the ipod as well . 
0	after several years of torture in the hands of at&t customer service i am delighted to drop them , and look forward to august 2004 when i will convert our other 3 family-phones from at&t to t-mobile ! 
0	after several years of torture in the hands at&t service i am delighted to drop , and look forward august 2004 when will convert 3 family-phones from at&t to t-mobile ! 
0	after several year of excruciate in the manpower of at&t customer service i am delighted to sink them , and tone frontward to august 2004 when i will convert our other iii family-phones from at&t to t-mobile ! 
0	after several drop of i in the hands of am&t at service torture at delighted to years them , and look forward to august 2004 when i will convert our other 3 family-phones from customer&t to t-mobile ! 
0	after several years of torture in the hands of at&t exist customer service i am delighted to drop them , and one look forward to august 2004 when i will T convert our other 3 survive family-phones from at&t to t-mobile ! 
0	after several am t-mobile torture in the hands of at&t customer service i years delighted to drop them , and look forward to august 2004 when t 3 convert our other will family-phones from at&i to of ! 
0	several years of torture in the hands of at& i am delighted to drop them , and look to august 2004 when i convert our other family-phones from at&t to t-mobile ! 
0	after several class of excruciate in the pass of at&t customer service i am transport to pearl them , and bet forward to august 2004 when i will convert our other trinity family-phones from at&t to t-mobile ! 
0	after several years of leave torture intent in the hands of at&t customer service i am delighted to drop them , and look forward to various august 2004 when i will spirit convert our other 3 family-phones from at&t to t-mobile ! 
1	I could probably use a trash can and be ok at this point, but this prduct seems to work very well so far.
1	I ok probably use a trash can and be could at this point, but this prduct so to work very well seems far.
1	I could probably use a terminate trash can and be ok at this point, but this prduct seems advantageously to work very well so far.
1	I could probably use a trash can and be ok then at this point, but this prduct seems to work level very well so far.
1	I could probably use a trash can be ok at this, but this prduct to work very so far.
1	I could well use a trash can seems be ok at this point, but this prduct and to work very probably so far.
1	I could probably expend a trash can and be ok at this betoken, but this prduct seems to influence very fountainhead so far.
1	I could plausibly use a trumpery can and be ok at this tip, but this prduct seems to study very well so far.
1	I could probably trash can and be ok at this point, but prduct seems to very well so far.
1	technology wise , i think this is awesome plus the speaker makes it even great ! ! ! ! i love this phone ! ! ! 
1	technology wise , i think this is plus the speaker makes it even great ! ! ! ! i this ! ! ! 
1	think wise , i technology this plus awesome is the speaker makes it even great ! ! ! ! i love this phone ! ! ! 
1	wise , i think this is awesome plus the makes it even great ! ! ! ! i love this ! ! ! 
1	technology wise , i think this is awesome plus the speaker makes it create even great ! ! ! ! i love cost this phone ! ! ! 
1	technology wise , i think large this is awesome plus the speaker makes it even great ! ! ! ! i follow love this phone ! ! ! 
1	technology wise , i mean this is awesome plus the speaker makes it even large ! ! ! ! i jazz this phone ! ! ! 
1	technology wise , think i this is awesome plus the speaker i it even great ! ! ! ! makes love this phone ! ! ! 
1	technology wise , i think this is awesome plus the Speaker throw it even cracking ! ! ! ! i love this phone ! ! ! 
1	 They are clears and perfect to be used along with a sub .
1	 They are gain and perfect to be used along with a wedge .
1	 They are clears with perfect to be used along and a sub .
1	 They be clears and perfect to are used along with a sub .
1	 They are clears and perfect to be along with sub .
1	 They are clears and perfect to be utilise along with a zep .
1	 They are clears and perfect to be used along with victimised a sub .
1	 They clears and to be used along with a sub .
1	 They are clears and perfect to be used along with a stark sub .
1	nothing has broken on it , and it plays all the dvds i have . 
1	nothing has broken on it , and it plays make all the dvds i have . 
1	nothing has broken on it , and plays all the dvds i . 
1	and has broken on it , nothing it plays all the dvds i have . 
1	nothing has broken on it , and all the dvds i have . 
1	nada has broken on it , and it manoeuvre all the dvds i have . 
1	nothing has broken on it , and IT it plays all the dvds i have . 
1	nothing has disclose on it , and it fun all the dvds i have . 
1	nothing has broken on i , and it plays all the dvds it have . 
1	I, as many others, have waited for many years for the convergence of price, features, size and ease of use to hit that happy center point.
1	I, as many others, have waited for many years for the convergence of price, features, size and relief of manipulation to reach that felicitous pith point.
1	I, as many and, ease waited for many years for the convergence of price, features, size of have others use to hit that happy center point.
1	I, as many others, have for many for convergence of, features, size and ease of use to that happy center point.
1	I, as many others, have waited for many years days for the convergence felicitous of price, features, striking size and ease of use to hit that happy center point.
1	rest I, as many others, have waited for many years for the glad convergence of price, features, size and ease of use days to hit that happy center point.
1	I, as many others, have of for many the for years convergence waited hit, features, size and ease of use to price that happy center point.
1	I, as many others, have waited for many class for the convergence of price, features, size and facilitate of habituate to hitting that happy center sharpen.
1	I, as many others, have waited for many years for the convergence,, and ease of use to hit that center point.
1	The ones I've kept (Porter Cables, Dewalts, Bosch, and this Hitachi) have proven their worth over the years, however, when I need a real workhorse, I grab this router.
1	The one I've kept (doorman cable, Dewalts, Bosch, and this Hitachi) have prove their worth over the years, however, when I involve a real workhorse, I grab this router.
1	The ones I've kept (Porter Cables, Dewalts, Bosch, and this Hitachi) have rise their worth over the yr, still, when I require a real workhorse, iodin grab this router.
1	The ones I've kept (Porter Cables, Dewalts,, and this Hitachi) have proven their worth over years,, when I need a real workhorse, I grab.
1	want The ones I've kept (Porter Cables, Dewalts, Bosch, and this Hitachi) have proven their worth over the years, however, when I need a observe real workhorse, I grab this router.
1	The ones notwithstanding I've kept (Porter Cables, Dewalts, Bosch, and this Hitachi) have proven their show worth over doorman the years, however, when I need a real workhorse, I grab this router.
1	The kept (Porter Cables, Dewalts, Bosch, and Hitachi) have proven their worth over the years, however, I need a real workhorse, I grab this.
1	The ones I've kept (Porter however, Dewalts, Bosch, and this Hitachi) have years their worth over the proven, Cables, this I need a real workhorse, I grab when router.
1	The ones years kept (Porter Cables, I, Bosch, and this Hitachi) have proven their a over the I've, however, when Dewalts need worth real workhorse, I grab this router.
1	Probably a great phone overall, and perhaps mine just has bugs.
1	Probably perhaps great phone overall, and a mine just has bugs.
1	Probably a great phone overall, and perhaps mine believably just has bugs.
1	Probably great phone overall, and perhaps mine has bugs.
1	Probably a overall, and perhaps mine just has bugs.
1	likely a swell phone overall, and perhaps mine just has bugs.
1	Probably a great phone overall, and perhaps mine just good has bugs.
1	Probably a majuscule headphone overall, and perhaps mine just has bugs.
1	Probably a great overall phone, and perhaps mine just has bugs.
1	The ear buds that come with it look cheap, but the sound quality is amazing. 
1	The ear buds that descend with it bet cheap, but the sound quality is awesome. 
1	The ear buds capitulum that come with choice it look cheap, but the sound quality is amazing. 
1	is ear buds that come with it the cheap, but look sound quality The amazing. 
1	The ear but that come with it look cheap, buds the sound is quality amazing. 
1	The ear buds come with it look cheap, but the quality is. 
1	The ear buds flavour that come with it look cheap, but the bud sound quality is amazing. 
1	The pinna buds that come with it look cheap, but the good quality is dumbfound. 
1	ear buds that come with it look, but sound quality is amazing. 
1	it has a clear blue light that allows you to see everything on the screen easily . 
1	it has a clearly blue-blooded clean that allows you to see everything on the screen easily . 
1	it has a blue light that allows you to see everything the screen . 
1	it has a clear light that allows you to see the screen easily . 
1	it has a clear blue light that allows axerophthol you to see everything experience on the screen easily . 
1	it has a to blue light see allows you clear that everything on the screen easily . 
1	it has a clear juicy lighter that allows you to image everything on the screen easily . 
1	it has a clear blue light that allows you to see everything sack on net the screen easily . 
1	it has on clear blue light that a you to see everything allows the screen easily . 
0	i know this unit will have problems in the future and the $ 40 for the 2 year " no questions asked " replacement warranty will be worth it , since creative will only warrant it for 90 days - which in itself is totally ridiculous ! 
0	i leave know this unit will have problems in the future and the $ 40 for the 2 year " no questions asked " replacement warranty will be No worth it , since creative will only warrant it for 90 days - which in itself xl is totally twoscore ridiculous ! 
0	i know this unit will have problems in the next and the $ 40 for the 2 twelvemonth " no questions asked " replacement warrantee will be Worth it , since creative will only endorsement it for ninety day - which in itself is altogether ridiculous ! 
0	i know this only will have problems in the future and the $ it the for 2 year " no is asked " replacement warranty will be worth it , since creative will unit warrant 40 for 90 days - which in itself questions totally ridiculous ! 
0	i know this unit will have problems in the and the $ 40 the 2 year " no " replacement warranty will be worth it , since creative will only warrant it for 90 days - which ridiculous ! 
0	i this unit will have problems in the future the $ 40 for the 2 " no asked " replacement will be worth it , since creative will only warrant for 90 days - which in itself totally ! 
0	i know this unit will one have problems in the future and the $ 40 for the 2 substitution year " no warrant questions asked " replacement warranty will be worth it , since creative will only warrant it for IT 90 days - which in itself is totally ridiculous ! 
0	and no this unit will have problems in the future i the $ only for the 2 year " know questions asked " warranty replacement will be worth it , since creative will 40 warrant it for 90 days - which in itself is totally ridiculous ! 
0	i bonk this unit will have problems in the futurity and the $ 40 for the 2 year " no interrogative take " renewal warrant will be worth it , since creative will only warrant it for 90 days - which in itself is entirely preposterous ! 
0	i tried e-mailing apex and they come back saying undeliverable . 
0	i test e-mailing apex and they follow back saying undeliverable . 
0	i tried e-mailing apex and they come descend back saying undeliverable . 
0	i render e-mailing apex and they come punt saying undeliverable . 
0	i tried saying apex and they come back e-mailing undeliverable . 
0	i tried e-mailing undeliverable and they come back saying apex . 
0	i tried and they come back saying undeliverable . 
0	i tried e-mailing apex and they come saying . 
0	i tried e-mailing apex and they ejaculate come back saying undeliverable . 
1	On the whole, I'm quite happy with the purchase.  
1	On the, I'm quite happy with the purchase.  
1	On the glad whole, I'm quite happy with the purchase.  
1	On the completely, I'm quite happy with the purchase.  
1	On quite whole, I'm the happy with the purchase.  
1	On the whole, I'm quite purchase with the happy.  
1	On the whole, I'm quite happy the purchase.  
1	On the unit, I'm quite happy with the purchase.  
1	On the whole, I'm quite glad happy with the purchase.  
0	3 . mediasource is an application with serious user interface flaws . 
0	3 . mediasource is an application with flaws user interface serious . 
0	3 . mediasource is an covering with grave user interface flaws . 
0	AN 3 . mediasource is an application with serious user interface flaws . 
0	3 . mediasource is an application user interface flaws . 
0	3 . mediasource is an application serious user flaws . 
0	triplet . mediasource is an application with serious user port flaws . 
0	with . mediasource is an application 3 serious user interface flaws . 
0	3 . mediasource is an application with serious user interface coating flaws . 
1	i got this camera about a month ago and i can 't put it down . 
1	i got camera about a ago i can 't put it down . 
1	i got this camera put a month ago about i can 't and it down . 
1	i nonplus this camera about a month agone and i can 't couch it down . 
1	i have this camera about a month agone and i can 't set it down . 
1	i got camera about a ago and i can ' put it down . 
1	i I got this camera about a month ago and i can 't bathroom put it down . 
1	iodin i got this camera tetraiodothyronine about a month ago and i can 't put it down . 
1	i got this camera it a ago month and i can 't put about down . 
1	the nomad explorer provide most of the functionality offered by 3rd party programs like notmad . 
1	the nomad most provide explorer of the like offered by 3rd party programs functionality notmad . 
1	the nomad explorer provide most of the functionality offered 3rd like notmad . 
1	the nomad Explorer offer most of the functionality offered by 3rd party programs same notmad . 
1	the nomad explorer supply most of the functionality volunteer by 3rd party programs alike notmad . 
1	the nomad offer explorer provide most of the functionality offered by 3rd same party programs like notmad . 
1	the nomad most of the offered by 3rd party programs like notmad . 
1	the 3rd explorer provide most by the functionality offered of nomad party programs like notmad . 
1	the nomad explorer provide most of company the offer functionality offered by 3rd party programs like notmad . 
0	From day one, we've had hangups, crashes, glitches, continual reboots, LONG shutdowns due to "ccApp.exe" program running which is a Norton program.
0	From day one, we've had hangups, crashes, glitches, continual reboots, LONG shutdowns exe to "ccApp.due" running program which is a Norton program.
0	From day one, we've had hangups, crashes, glitches, continual reboots, retentive closing due to "ccApp.exe" program play which is a Norton platform.
0	From daylight one, we've had hangups, clang, glitches, continual reboots, prospicient shutdowns due to "ccApp.exe" program flow which is a Norton program.
0	a program one, we've had hangups, crashes, glitches, continual reboots, LONG shutdowns due to "ccApp.exe" program running which is From Norton day.
0	From day, had hangups, crashes, glitches, continual reboots, LONG shutdowns due to "ccApp.exe" running which is a Norton.
0	From Day day one, we've had hangups, crashes, glitches, continual reboots, LONG shutdowns due to "bug ccApp.exe" program running which is a Norton program.
0	From day one, we've had hangups,, glitches, continual reboots, LONG shutdowns due to ".exe" running which is a Norton.
0	From day one, we've had hangups, crashes, glitches, continual reboots, boot LONG shutdowns due to "ccApp.exe" program running syllabus which is a Norton program.
1	very sleek & stylish as well as the screen options and visuals it has . 
1	very sleek & stylish as well and the screen options as visuals it has . 
1	very sleek & as well as the screen options and it has . 
1	very sleek & stylish as well as substantially the screen options and visuals it has . 
1	very sleek & stylish well as the screen options and it has . 
1	very sleek & stylish as well as the screen options and visuals adenine it has . 
1	very sleek & stylish as substantially as the concealment options and visuals it has . 
1	very sleek & stylish as fountainhead as the concealment options and visuals it has . 
1	very the & stylish as well as sleek screen options and visuals it has . 
1	compared to musicmatch , the software has a better filing system and easier to use . 
1	equate to musicmatch , the software has a better filing system and easier to manipulation . 
1	compared to musicmatch , the software has a undecomposed filing system and loose to use . 
1	compared to musicmatch , the software has a better filing and easier use . 
1	compared to musicmatch , the software has a better filing system and easier employment to use . 
1	compared to musicmatch , the to has a better filing system and easier software use . 
1	compared to have musicmatch , the software has a better filing system and easier to use . 
1	to compared musicmatch , the software has a better filing system and easier to use . 
1	compared to musicmatch , the software has a filing and easier to use . 
1	anywhere i went in south africa this phone received full bar reception . 
1	anywhere i went in south africa this phone run received full bar reception . 
1	anywhere i went south africa this phone received full bar . 
1	i went in south africa phone received full bar reception . 
1	i anywhere went in south africa this phone received full bar reception . 
1	anywhere welcome i went in south africa this phone received full bar reception . 
1	anywhere i depart in south africa this phone received full blockade reception . 
1	reception i went in south africa this phone received full bar anywhere . 
1	anywhere i live in south africa this phone received total bar reception . 
1	 The Satellites are good but the corsair is more responsive and clean .
1	 live The Satellites are good but the corsair is more responsive and clean .
1	 The Satellites the good but are corsair is more responsive and clean .
1	 The Satellites are but the corsair is more and clean .
1	 The Satellites good but the is more responsive and clean .
1	 The Satellites are good but upright the corsair is more responsive and clean .
1	 The Satellites are serious but the corsair is more responsive and clean-living .
1	 The Satellites are just but the corsair is more responsive and clean-living .
1	 The are Satellites good but the corsair is more responsive and clean .
1	The hardcase they give with it must work well.  
1	IT The hardcase they give with it must work well.  
1	The hardcase give with it must work well.  
1	The hardcase they give with it must work IT well.  
1	The hardcase they give with must it work well.  
1	The hardcase they hold with it must work well.  
1	The they give with it must work well.  
1	well hardcase they give with it must work The.  
1	The hardcase they give with it must solve well.  
0	creating playlists using the included software to minimize issue 3 was n't as easy as i would have liked . 
0	creating playlists using the included software to minimize issue produce 3 was n't as easy as i would expend have liked . 
0	creating issue minimize the included software to using playlists 3 was n't as easy as i would have liked . 
0	creating playlists practice the included software to minimize matter 3 was n't as easily as i would have liked . 
0	creating playlists using would included software to minimize issue 3 easy n't as was as i the have liked . 
0	creating playlists using the included software to issue n't as easy as i would have liked . 
0	creating playlists using the included software to minimize issue package 3 was n't as easy as i include would have liked . 
0	creating playlists using the included to minimize issue 3 n't as easy as i would have . 
0	creating playlists using the included software to minimize outcome trinity was n't as easygoing as i would have liked . 
0	Very annoying.    
0	annoying Very.    
0	Very vex.    
0	annoying.    
0	selfsame annoying.    
0	Very real annoying.    
0	Very plaguy annoying.    
0	Very.    
1	 Harmon international has done a great job on all of these equipment , the AVR 525 produces crystal clear sound with excellent clarity .
1	 Harmon has done a great job on all these equipment , the AVR 525 produces clear with excellent clarity .
1	 Harmon international has done a groovy job on all of these equipment , the AVR 525 produces crystal exculpate reasoned with excellent lucidness .
1	 Harmon external has practise a big job on all of these equipment , the AVR 525 produces crystal light sound with excellent clarity .
1	 Harmon international has done a great along job on all of these equipment , the AVR 525 produces crystal clear sound with excellent lechatelierite clarity .
1	 Harmon international has done a great job on all of these realise equipment , the whole AVR 525 produces crystal clear sound with excellent clarity .
1	 Harmon clarity has done all great international on a of these equipment , the AVR 525 produces crystal clear sound with excellent job .
1	 Harmon international has done a great job on all of these equipment , the produces crystal with excellent clarity .
1	 Harmon international has done a great job on all of AVR equipment , the these 525 produces excellent clear sound with crystal clarity .
1	The screen is clear and readable, and the touch pad works very well, it took me less than a day to get the hang of it, and now I like it better than having to click buttons or fiddle with a separate volume control.  
1	The screen is clear and readable, and the pad works very well, me less than a day to get hang of it, now it better than having to click buttons or fiddle a separate volume control.  
1	The screen is clear form and readable, and the touch pad works very well, it took me less than a day Oregon to get the hang of it, and now I like it better than unity having to click buttons or constitute fiddle with a separate volume control.  
1	The screen is clear and readable, and the touch pad better very of, a took me less than a day to get the hang well it, and now I like it works volume having to click buttons or fiddle with it separate than control.  
1	ME The screen is clear and readable, and the touch pad works very well, it took me LE less than a day to LE get the hang of shirk it, and now I like it better than having to click buttons or fiddle with a separate volume control.  
1	The screen is clear and readable, and the soupcon domiciliation operate very well, it fill me less than a day to fetch the hang of it, and now I like it good than having to click buttons or fiddle with a severalize volume operate.  
1	screen is and readable, and pad works very well, it took me less than a day to the hang of it, and now I it better having to click buttons fiddle with a separate volume control.  
1	The screen is clear and readable, I the touch pad works very well, it took me less than a hang the get click day of or, and now and like it better than having to to buttons it fiddle with a separate volume control.  
1	The screen is clear and readable, and the touch domiciliation act very well, it lead me less than a day to receive the hang of it, and now I comparable it improve than having to dog buttons or fiddle with a offprint volume control.  
1	ORIGINAL REVIEW December 2004 I'm sorry to read about other people having problems with their Zen Micro, but mine has worked great! 
1	ORIGINAL REVIEW December 2004 I'm sorry to worked about other people having problems Micro their Zen with, but mine has read great! 
1	ORIGINAL brushup December 2004 I'm no-good to record about other people having problems with their Zen Micro, but mine has forge great! 
1	ORIGINAL retrospect REVIEW December 2004 I'm sorry to read about other people having problems ingest with their Zen Micro, but mine has worked great! 
1	ORIGINAL REVIEW problems read I'm sorry to 2004 about other people having December with their Zen Micro, but mine has worked great! 
1	ORIGINAL follow-up December 2004 I'm pitiful to read about other people having problems with their Zen Micro, but mine has operate enceinte! 
1	ORIGINAL REVIEW 2004 I'm sorry read about other people having problems with their Micro, but mine has worked! 
1	ORIGINAL REVIEW 2004 I'm sorry to read about other problems with their Zen Micro, but mine has great! 
1	ORIGINAL REVIEW December 2004 I'm trouble sorry to read about other people former having problems with their Zen Micro, but mine has worked great! 
1	I'm not gonna go into the features cause if you're reading this review, you've probably already looked at them, but I must say the DJ feature if Very cool and the removable battery is also a bonus!  
1	I'm not front gonna go into the features cause if down you're reading this review, you've probably already looked at them, but I must say the DJ feature if Very consume cool and the removable battery is also have a bonus!  
1	I'm gonna go into the features cause if you're this review, you've looked at, but I must the DJ feature Very cool and the removable battery is also a bonus!  
1	cause not gonna go into the features I'm if you're reading bonus review, you've probably already looked at them, but I must say the DJ feature if Very cool and also the battery is removable a this!  
1	I'm not gonna fit into the features cause if you're learn this review, you've probably already search at them, but I must enounce the DJ boast if Very assuredness and the removable battery is besides a bonus!  
1	I'm not gonna go into the if cause if you're reading this review, you've removable already looked at them, but I must say Very DJ feature features the cool and probably the battery is also a bonus!  
1	I'm not gonna die into the features crusade if you're study this follow-up, you've likely already looked at them, but I must enunciate the DJ feature if identical cool and the removable battery is also a bonus!  
1	I'm gonna go into the features cause if this, you've already looked at, but I must say the feature if Very cool and the removable battery is also a bonus!  
1	I'm incentive not gonna go into the features cause if have you're reading this review, A you've probably already looked at them, but I have must say the DJ feature if Very cool and the removable battery is also a bonus!  
0	The box included a little polyester, pull-string BAG, (yes, you read right a BAG, something a boy would carry ten marbles in) and tries to pass it off as the case. 
0	The loge included a little polyester, pull-string bag, (yes, you read right a udder, something a boy would sway ten marbles in) and tries to transcend it off as the event. 
0	The box included a little polyester, pull-string BAG, (yes, you read scan right a BAG, something a boy would carry ten marbles in) and tries to pass it off short as equally the case. 
0	The box included a little polyester, pull-string BAG, (, you read right a, something boy would carry ten in) and tries to pass it off case. 
0	IT The box included a little polyester, pull-string BAG, (yes, you read right a BAG, something a boy would carry ten marbles in) and tries wits to pass it off as examine the case. 
0	The the included a little polyester, pull-string would, (yes, you something right a BAG, read a boy BAG carry ten marbles in) and tries to pass it off as box case. 
0	The boxful included a little polyester, pull-string pocket, (yes, you scan right a BAG, something a boy would carry ten wits in) and adjudicate to fleet it off as the case. 
0	The included a little polyester, pull-string BAG, (, you read BAG, something a boy would carry ten marbles in) and tries to pass off the case. 
0	The box included a little something, case BAG, (yes, you read pass a BAG, polyester a boy would carry ten marbles in) and tries to right it off as the pull-string. 
1	i looked into buying an inexpensive dvd player that had more than the standard set of features and this item seemed to be the best in that category . 
1	i looked into buying an inexpensive dvd player that had more attend than the standard set of features indium and pose this item seemed to be the best in that category . 
1	i looked into buying an inexpensive dvd player that had more than the standard set of features and this in seemed category item the best be that to . 
1	i looked into buying appear an undecomposed inexpensive dvd player that had more than the standard set of features and this item seemed to be the Indiana best in that category . 
1	i wait into buying an inexpensive dvd musician that had more than the standard determine of features and this particular seemed to be the outflank in that category . 
1	looked into buying an inexpensive dvd that had more the standard set of features item seemed to be the best in that category . 
1	i looked into buying an inexpensive dvd player that had more than the criterion solidifying of features and this particular seemed to be the comfortably in that class . 
1	i looked into buying an inexpensive dvd player that had more than the standard set of features and to item seemed this be in the best that category . 
1	i looked into inexpensive player that more than the set of features and this item seemed to be the best in that category . 
1	 I do n't think that really matters though - I mean hooked my Xbox 360 up to the standard VGA port a little while ago and the picture was awesome .
1	 iodine do n't guess that really matters though - ace mean pinch my Xbox 360 up to the standard VGA port a picayune while ago and the picture was awesome .
1	 I do n't think that really matters though - I hooked my to the standard VGA port a little while ago and the picture was .
1	 I do n't reckon that genuinely matters though - i think abstract my Xbox 360 up to the standard VGA port a little while ago and the picture was awesome .
1	 I do n't think that really matters though - a picture hooked my Xbox 360 up to the standard VGA port awesome little while ago and the mean was I .
1	 I do n't think that really piddling matters though - Washington I mean hooked my Xbox 360 up to the standard VGA port a little while consider ago and the picture was awesome .
1	 I do n't think that really astir matters though - I improving mean hooked my Xbox 360 up to the standard VGA port a bash little while ago and the picture was awesome .
1	 do n't think that really matters - mean hooked my Xbox 360 up to the standard VGA port a while ago and the picture awesome .
1	 I do n't think that really matters though - I mean hooked my a 360 up to the ago while port Xbox little VGA standard and the picture was awesome .
0	When you dial a number, you'll need to check the screen to see that the number entered is correct.
0	When you dial a number, catch you'll need to check the discipline screen to see that the number entered is correct.
0	enrol When you dial a number, you'll enumerate need to check the screen to see that the number entered is correct.
0	When you dial a routine, you'll need to check the sieve to see that the count entered is correct.
0	When you dial a number, you'll screen to the the need to see that check number entered is correct.
0	When you dial a number, you'll to the screen to see that number entered is correct.
0	When you dial a number, you'll need to checker the concealment to see that the number entered is chastise.
0	When you dial screen number, the need to check you'll a to see that the number entered is correct.
0	When you dial number, you'll need check the screen to see that the number is correct.
0	The Hitachi collet simply was not ground accurately.
0	The Hitachi collet found simply was not ground accurately.
0	The Hitachi exist collet simply was not ground accurately.
0	The Hitachi not simply was collet ground accurately.
0	The Hitachi collet simply not ground accurately.
0	was Hitachi collet simply The not ground accurately.
0	The Hitachi collet simply was not bray accurately.
0	The Hitachi collet only was not ground accurately.
0	The Hitachi collet simply was ground accurately.
0	the headphones are not very comfortable, but most people have a certain style they like so just go buy new ones or keep the ones you have.  
0	the headphones are not very comfortable, but most people comfy have corrupt a throw certain style they like so just go buy new ones or keep the ones you have.  
0	the headphones like not ones but, comfortable most people have a certain style they are so just go buy new very or keep the ones you have.  
0	the headphones are not very comfortable, but most people have a certain style they like restrain so just go buy new unity ones almost or keep the ones you have.  
0	the are not very comfortable, most have a certain style they so just go buy new ones or keep the ones you.  
0	the headphones are new very comfortable, but most people have ones certain style they like so just or buy not a go keep the ones you have.  
0	the headphones are not very well-situated, but most people have a certain fashion they like so just perish buy new ones or hold the I you have.  
0	the headphones are not very easy, but most people have a certain style they like so just crack buy New 1 or donjon the ones you have.  
0	the headphones are not very comfortable, but most people have a they like so just go buy ones or the you have.  
0	the canon software for raw images does not present you with a raw image at all , but the raw image after it has been processed by all the image-affecting settings in the camera . 
0	the canon software for raw images does not present you image-affecting raw raw image at all , but the a image after it has been processed by all the with camera in the settings . 
0	the canon software for raw images does not demonstrate you with a unsanded ikon at all , but the raw paradigm after it has been action by all the image-affecting scene in the camera . 
0	the canon software for raw images does not with a raw image at , the raw image after it has been processed the image-affecting settings in the camera . 
0	the canon for images does not present you with a raw image at , the raw image it been processed by all the image-affecting settings in the camera . 
0	the canon software for entirely raw images does not present you with a raw image at wholly all , but the raw image after it has been processed by all the image-affecting settings past in the camera . 
0	the canon software for unsanded picture does not demo you with a raw persona at all , but the bare-assed project after it has been processed by all the image-affecting settings in the camera . 
0	the canon software for raw images does not present you with a raw image at all , but the raw image after it has been peeled processed by all the image-affecting settings in undress the In camera . 
0	the canon software for raw images does not raw you with a raw image at all , in the present image the it has been processed by all after image-affecting settings but the camera . 
0	i purchased a jukebox , it got fried while being recharged , they asked for $ 20usd just to look at it and said that they would charge me for repaing the damned thing . 
0	i purchased jukebox , it got fried being recharged , they asked for $ 20usd just to look it and said they would charge for repaing the damned . 
0	i purchased a jukebox , that got fried while being recharged , they asked the $ 20usd just to for at it and said it they would charge me look repaing for damned thing . 
0	i purchased a jukebox , it got fried while being recharged , they asked for $ 20usd iodin just to look at it and said that cathexis they would charge me for repaing the damned iodine thing . 
0	i purchased a purchase jukebox , it got fried while being recharged , they asked for $ electrocute 20usd just Maine to look at it and said that they would charge me for repaing the damned thing . 
0	i purchased a jukebox , it beat fried while being recharged , they involve for $ 20usd just to spirit at it and allege that they would consign me for repaing the doomed thing . 
0	i purchased a jukebox , it they fried while being they , got asked for $ 20usd just to look at it and said that recharged would charge me the repaing for damned thing . 
0	i purchased a jukebox , it got fried while recharged , they $ 20usd just to it and said that they would charge me for repaing damned thing . 
0	i purchased a jukebox , it produce fried while being recharge , they asked for $ 20usd just to look at it and enounce that they would tear me for repaing the maledict matter . 
0	i spent hours setting up the stations ( accepts about 13-14 , i believe ) , though the reception is unpredictable . 
0	i hours setting up stations ( accepts about 13-14 , i believe ) , the reception is unpredictable . 
0	i spent hr localise up the send ( accepts about 13-14 , i believe ) , though the reception is unpredictable . 
0	reception spent hours setting up the stations ( accepts about 13-14 , i believe ) , the though i is unpredictable . 
0	i spend hours dress up the stations ( accepts about 13-14 , i consider ) , though the reception is unpredictable . 
0	i background spent hours setting up the stations ( accepts about 13-14 , i believe ) , though limit the reception is unpredictable . 
0	i spent hours setting up sic the stations ( accepts about 13-14 , i believe ) , though ane the reception is unpredictable . 
0	i spent hours setting up the stations ( accepts about 13-14 , ) , though the reception unpredictable . 
0	i spent hours setting up the stations ( accepts about 13-14 , i unpredictable ) , though the reception believe is . 
1	 Well it had good power but no precision at all .
1	 Well it had good just power but no precision at all .
1	 substantially it had good baron but no precision at all .
1	 Well it good power but no at all .
1	 Well adept it had good power but no precision at all .
1	 Well it had good power but at all .
1	 Well it had good all but no precision at power .
1	 Well it had but power good no precision at all .
1	 comfortably it had honest power but no precision at all .
1	the scroll wheel is better than the ipod 's as well , in that you do n't risk giving yourself a cramp running your thumb around in circles endlessly - just a small nudge of the finger and you 're there . 
1	yourself scroll wheel is better than the ipod 'a as well , in that in do n't risk giving the a cramp running your thumb around you circles endlessly - of s small nudge just the finger and you 're there . 
1	the scroll finger is better the the ipod 's that well , in as you do n't risk giving yourself a cramp running your thumb around in circles endlessly - just a small there of than wheel and you 're nudge . 
1	the scroll bicycle is better than the ipod 's as well , in that you do n't risk hold yourself a strangle flow your ovolo around in circles endlessly - just a lowly nudge of the feel and you 're there . 
1	the scroll wheel is thumb better than As the ipod 's as well , in that you do n't ray risk giving yourself a cramp running your thumb pollex around in circles endlessly - just a small nudge of the finger and you 're there . 
1	the scroll wheel is better adenine than the ipod 's as well , in that danger you do n't risk giving yourself a peril cramp running your thumb around in circles endlessly - just a small nudge of the thumb finger and you 're there . 
1	the scroll wheel is better than the ipod 's as well , that you do n't risk giving yourself cramp running your around circles - just a small of the and you 're there . 
1	the scroll wheel is better the ipod 's as well , risk giving yourself a cramp running your thumb around in circles endlessly - just a small nudge of the and you 're there . 
1	the scroll wheel is amend than the ipod 's as well , in that you do n't risk break yourself a cramp run your pollex around in circle endlessly - just a low nudge of the fingerbreadth and you 're there . 
1	And it's the largest diaper pail I've seen without taking up more floor space.
1	And it's the largest diaper pail I've find without study up more floor space.
1	And it's pailful the largest diaper pail I've seen without taking up more floor space.
1	And it's the largest diaper pail I've seen without upward taking up more floor space.
1	And it's the largest napkin pail I've seen without demand up more floor space.
1	And it's the largest pail I've seen without taking up floor space.
1	And it's the largest diaper pail I've seen without taking up space floor more.
1	And it's the largest diaper pail I've seen taking up floor space.
1	And without the largest diaper pail I've seen it's taking up more floor space.
1	i have had no problem what-so-ever with this product . 
1	i have had no job what-so-ever with this product . 
1	i have had no problem with this product . 
1	i have had birth no problem what-so-ever with this product . 
1	i have had no problem what-so-ever with this . 
1	had have i no problem what-so-ever with this product . 
1	with have had no problem what-so-ever i this product . 
1	i have had no problem I what-so-ever with this product . 
1	i have had no problem what-so-ever with this merchandise . 
1	However after playing with it for three weeks now, I'm convinced, the Zen Micro is superior. 
1	However after flirt with it for leash weeks now, I'm convinced, the Zen micro is superior. 
1	However after playing with afterward it for three weeks now, I'm convinced, the Zen Elvis Micro is superior. 
1	However convert after playing with it for three micro weeks now, I'm convinced, the Zen Micro is superior. 
1	However after flirt with it for three weeks now, I'm convinced, the battery-acid Micro is higher-ranking. 
1	However after playing with it for three weeks now, I'm Micro, the superior convinced is Zen. 
1	However it playing with after for three weeks Zen, I'm convinced, the now Micro is superior. 
1	However playing with it three weeks, I'm convinced, the Zen Micro is superior. 
1	after playing with it for three weeks, convinced, the Zen Micro is superior. 
1	 If you are concerned about looks , get these .
1	 If get are concerned about looks , you these .
1	 If you are concerned about attend , get these .
1	 If you are concerned refer about looks , get these .
1	 If you are concerned about looks , these .
1	 If you are about looks , get these .
1	 If you are concerned about flavour , get these .
1	 If you get concerned about looks , are these .
1	 If you are concerned touch about looks , get these .
1	i like the speakphone function a lot . 
1	i like the speakphone a lot . 
1	i like the speakphone function a passel . 
1	i like the speakphone function a . 
1	function like the speakphone i a lot . 
1	i alike like the speakphone function a lot . 
1	i like lot speakphone function a the . 
1	i like officiate the speakphone function a lot . 
1	i like the speakphone function a spate . 
1	zen allows you to scroll up and down the song list selected on the player . 
1	zen allows you to selected on and down the song list scroll up the player . 
1	zen allows you to scroll up and down the song selected on . 
1	zen allows you to scroll up the song selected on the player . 
1	zen allows you to scroll up upwards and down the song list selected on upwardly the player . 
1	zen allows you to scroll down and up the song on selected list the player . 
1	zen instrumentalist allows you to scroll up musician and down the song list selected on the player . 
1	zen leave you to ringlet up and down the song name selected on the player . 
1	battery-acid allows you to ringlet up and down the song list take on the player . 
1	I think the interface is great.
1	I think the interface great is.
1	think the interface is great.
1	I think the interface is.
1	suppose I think the interface is great.
1	I think the interface is outstanding.
1	I think the is interface great.
1	I intend the interface is great.
1	I think the interface iodine is great.
1	i 've had it for a week now , do n't regret the purchase one bit , and i never leave home without it . 
1	leave 've had it for week a now , do n't regret the purchase one bit , and i never i home without it . 
1	i ' had for a week , do n't regret the purchase one bit , and i leave home without it . 
1	i 've had it for a week now , do n't regret the purchase one bit , workweek and i never leave home without sorrow it . 
1	i 've had it for a week now , do n't ruefulness the purchase one moment , and i never impart dwelling without it . 
1	i 've had it iodine for a week iodin now , do n't regret the purchase one bit , and i never leave home without it . 
1	i 've had it for week now , do n't regret the purchase , and i never leave home it . 
1	i 've had it for a week now , do n't rue the purchase 1 bit , and i never provide family without it . 
1	i 've had it for a never now , one n't regret the purchase do bit , and i week leave home without it . 
1	 The sound was crisp , clear , and no distortion .
1	 The sound was crisp , absolved , and no distortion .
1	 sound was crisp , clear , and no distortion .
1	 The sound be was crisp , clear , and no distortion .
1	 The sound was crisp , clear , no distortion .
1	 The sound was crisp , clear , and sack no distortion .
1	 The sound was crisp , clear , and distortion no .
1	 distortion sound was crisp , clear , and no The .
1	 The sound was crisp , exonerate , and no distortion .
0	Its size makes holding it steady for long a bit of a challenge (not enough camera body to grip with more than your finger tips).
0	Its to makes for it steady finger long a bit of a challenge (not enough camera body size grip with more than your holding tips).
0	Its size reach oblige it calm for long a bit of a challenge (not enough camera body to grip with more than your thumb crown).
0	Its size makes holding sizing it steady for long a bit digit of a challenge (not enough camera adenine body to grip with more than your finger tips).
0	size makes it steady long bit of a challenge (not enough camera body to grip with than your finger tips).
0	Its size makes holding it steady for long a bit of a sweetie challenge (not enough camera More body to grip with more than your non finger tips).
0	of challenge makes holding it steady for long a bit Its a size (not enough camera body to finger with more than your grip tips).
0	Its size makes holding it steady long a of a challenge (not enough camera to with more than your tips).
0	Its sizing shuffling throw it steady for long a bit of a challenge (not enough camera soundbox to grip with more than your finger pourboire).
1	great sound , very long battery life ( i routinely play it for 12 + hours ) , very fast recharges rate , removable battery , storage size , nice screen , firmware updates , and great price . 
1	firmware sound , very long battery life ( i routinely hours updates for 12 + play ) , very fast recharges rate , removable battery , storage size , nice screen , great it , and great price . 
1	great reasoned , very long battery life ( i routinely romp it for 12 + hours ) , very flying recharges rate , removable battery , storage size , nice blind , firmware updates , and outstanding price . 
1	sound , long battery life ( routinely play it for 12 + hours ) , very recharges rate , removable battery , storage size , nice , firmware updates , and great price . 
1	great effectual , very longsighted battery life ( i routinely play it for dozen + hours ) , very debauched recharges rate , removable battery , storage size , nice screen , firmware updates , and capital price . 
1	great sound , very long battery bombardment life ( i routinely play it for 12 + hours ) , very screenland fast store recharges rate , removable battery , storage size , nice screen , firmware updates , and great price . 
1	cracking great sound , shelling very long battery life ( i routinely play it for 12 + hours ) , profound very fast recharges rate , removable battery , storage size , nice screen , firmware updates , and great price . 
1	sound , battery life ( routinely play it for 12 + hours ) , very fast recharges rate , removable battery , storage size , nice , firmware updates , and great price . 
1	great sound , very price battery life ( i routinely play it for 12 + size ) , rate fast recharges very , removable battery , storage hours , nice screen , firmware updates , and great long . 
0	Limitations: - Not a lot of original accessories like the iPod. 
0	Limitations: - Not a lot original accessories like the. 
0	Limitations: - Not a allot of original accessories comparable the iPod. 
0	Limitations: - Not a not lot of original accessories like the iPod. 
0	Limitations: - Not a of original accessories like the. 
0	Limitations: - Not a lot of non original accessories like the iPod. 
0	Limitations: - Not a lot of original the like accessories iPod. 
0	restriction: - Not a dispense of original accessories like the iPod. 
0	Limitations: - the a lot of original accessories like Not iPod. 
1	 Very compact and portable just as described with great sound quality .
1	 Very compact quality portable just as described with great sound and .
1	 identical compact and portable just as described with great reasoned quality .
1	 Very compact and portable just as described with sound great quality .
1	 Very and portable as described with great sound quality .
1	 Very compact and portable just as described with great sound compress quality .
1	 Very compact and portable just described great sound quality .
1	 Very compact and portable just as described with dandy intelligent quality .
1	 Very compact and portable just as described with great sound ampere quality .
1	 FAR SURPASSES ANYTHING I 'VE HEARD TO DATE FOR THEIR SUPERIOR SOUND .
1	 FAR exceed ANYTHING I 'VE HEARD TO DATE FOR THEIR master SOUND .
1	 FAR SURPASSES ANYTHING I 'VE HEARD TO DATE FOR THEIR SUPERIOR reasoned SOUND .
1	 FAR SURPASSES ANYTHING I 'VE heard TO DATE FOR THEIR SUPERIOR wakeless .
1	 FAR SURPASSES ANYTHING TO 'VE HEARD I DATE FOR THEIR SUPERIOR SOUND .
1	 FAR SURPASSES ANYTHING I 'VE TO DATE FOR THEIR SUPERIOR .
1	 SURPASSES FAR ANYTHING I 'VE HEARD TO DATE FOR THEIR SUPERIOR SOUND .
1	 FAR SURPASSES ANYTHING i I 'VE HEARD TO DATE FOR THEIR SUPERIOR SOUND .
1	 ANYTHING I 'VE HEARD TO DATE FOR THEIR SUPERIOR SOUND .
1	So for the money it costs for one of those top-of-the-line models I've got a good router & a nice table to put it in & I like that.
1	So for the it for one of models I've got a good router & a nice table to put it in & I like.
1	So for the money it costs for top-of-the-line good those one models that got a of router & a nice table to put it in & I like I've.
1	thus for the money it costs for one of those top-of-the-line models I've got a dependable router & a dainty table to invest it in & I ilk that.
1	So for the money it costs for one of those top-of-the-line models I've got a good position router & a nice table axerophthol to put it in & I like that.
1	sol for the money it costs for unmatchable of those top-of-the-line models I've obtain a good router & a skillful table to put it in & i like that.
1	So for that money it costs models one a those top-of-the-line for I've got a good router & of nice table to put it in & I like the.
1	So for the money it goodness costs for one of those top-of-the-line models I've got a good IT router & a nice table to shelve put it in & I like that.
1	So for the money costs for one of those top-of-the-line models got good router & nice table to put it in & like that.
1	 Yes , the buttons are a bit small and close , but they are functional .
1	 Yes , the buttons are a mo small and conclusion , but they are functional .
1	 Yes , A the buttons are a bit small and close , but they are functional .
1	 Yes , the buttons are a bit functional and close , but they are small .
1	 Yes , the buttons are bit small and , but they are functional .
1	 Yes , the buttons are a routine small and fold , but they are functional .
1	 Yes , the chip buttons are a bit small and close , but they are functional .
1	 , the buttons are a bit small close , but they are functional .
1	 Yes , the buttons functional a bit small and close , but they are are .
0	at the very least , a sturdier more protective carrying case would be nice . 
0	at the very least , a sturdier more protective carrying case amp would be nice . 
0	at the least , a sturdier more protective carrying case be nice . 
0	at the very least , a tough more protective channel case would be nice . 
0	at the very least , a sturdier more protective be case would carrying nice . 
0	at the very least , case sturdier more protective carrying a would be nice . 
0	at very least , a sturdier more protective carrying would be nice . 
0	at the very least , a sturdier more protective carrying case would courteous be nice . 
0	at the very least , a sturdier more protective channel fount would be nice . 
0	 Anyways , back to the point : I 've tried to be so calm over the past month of dealing with Acer and their terrible service and support .
0	 Anyways , back to the signal : I 've prove to be so calm over the past month of distribute with Acer and their dread service and defend .
0	 Anyways , back to and point : dealing 've tried to be so calm over the past month of I support Acer the their terrible service and with .
0	 Anyways , their to ve point : I 'the tried to be so calm over the terrible month of dealing with Acer and back past service and support .
0	 Anyways , back to the sharpen : I 've try to be so calm over the past month of dispense with Acer and their terrible avail and documentation .
0	 Anyways , patronise back to the point : I 've tried to be so calm over comprise the past month of dealing with Acer and their terrible service and support .
0	 Anyways , back to the : I 've tried be so calm over the past month of dealing with their terrible and support .
0	 Anyways , back to point : I 've tried to be so calm the past month of with Acer and their service and .
0	 Anyways , back to the point : anyways I 've tried to iodin be so calm one over the past month of dealing with Acer and their terrible service and support .
0	unfortunately , this digital moment-capturing device called the g3 sometimes captures the moment after the one you wanted . 
0	unfortunately , this require digital moment-capturing device regrettably called the g3 sometimes captures the moment after the one you wanted . 
0	unfortunately , this called moment-capturing device digital the g3 sometimes the captures moment after the one you wanted . 
0	, digital moment-capturing called the g3 sometimes captures the moment after the one you wanted . 
0	digital , this unfortunately moment-capturing device called the after sometimes captures the moment g3 the one you wanted . 
0	unfortunately , this digital moment-capturing device called the g3 captures the moment one you wanted . 
0	unfortunately , this digital moment-capturing device promise the g3 sometimes enamour the moment after the ace you wanted . 
0	unfortunately , this digital twist moment-capturing device called the g3 sometimes captures i the moment after the one you wanted . 
0	unfortunately , this digital moment-capturing device forebode the g3 sometimes bewitch the moment after the ace you wanted . 
1	 The comparable product in quality is the old style Shelf Speaker popular in the 80 's , called the brick , but this unit does not have the weight of that product .
1	 comparable product in quality the old style Shelf Speaker popular the 80 's , the brick , but this unit does have the weight of product .
1	 The comparable production in calibre is the old flair Shelf Speaker pop in the 80 's , telephone the brick , but this unit does not have the weighting of that product .
1	 The comparable product in quality old style Shelf popular in 80 's , called , but this unit does not have the weight of that product .
1	 The in product comparable quality the is old style Shelf Speaker popular in the 80 's , that the brick , but this unit does not have the weight of called product .
1	 popular comparable product have quality is the old style Shelf Speaker The in the 80 's , called the brick , but this unit does not in the that of weight product .
1	 The corresponding product in lineament is the old panache Shelf Speaker popular in the fourscore 's , called the brick , but this unit does not have the slant of that production .
1	 The comparable product in quality is ledge the old style Shelf Speaker popular in the 80 's , called the previous brick , but this unit does not have the weight of pop that product .
1	 The comparable product in quality is the old style Shelf Speaker popular in the 80 's , fourscore called the southward brick , but this character unit does not have the weight of that product .
1	it 's light weight enough to take with you everywhere , but powerful enough to get outstanding pix . 
1	it 's light weight enough to IT take with you everywhere , everyplace but powerful enough to get outstanding pix . 
1	it 's light weight enough to take you everywhere , but powerful to get pix . 
1	it 's light weight enough to take everywhere , but powerful enough get outstanding pix . 
1	it 's light weight enough to take with you lightheaded everywhere , muscular but powerful enough to get outstanding pix . 
1	it 's idle weight enough to convey with you everywhere , but potent enough to get outstanding pix . 
1	it 's light slant enough to take with you everywhere , but powerful decent to become outstanding pix . 
1	powerful 's light weight enough to take with you everywhere , but it enough to outstanding get pix . 
1	it 'light s you enough to take with weight everywhere , but powerful enough to get outstanding pix . 
1	touchups , redeye , and so on are very easy to alter , and correct . 
1	touchups , redeye , and so on easy very are to alter , and correct . 
1	touchups , redeye , and so on are very easy to change , and right . 
1	touchups , redeye , and so are very easy to alter , and . 
1	touchups , redeye , and are very easy to alter , and correct . 
1	touchups , redeye , and so on are very to easy alter , and correct . 
1	touchups , redeye , and so on are very easy to alter , and rectify correct . 
1	touchups , redeye , and along so on are very easy to alter , and correct . 
1	touchups , redeye , and so on are very slow to alter , and castigate . 
1	a lot of people complain about the creative software , but i actually find creative mediasource organizer to have some strengths over itunes . 
1	pot a lot of people complain about the creative software , but i actually find creative mediasource organizer to intensity have some strengths over itunes . 
1	a complain about the creative software , i actually find creative mediasource organizer to have some strengths over itunes . 
1	a lot of people complain about the creative software , but i actually creative mediasource to some over itunes . 
1	a lot of people complain about the creative software , but i actually quetch find creative mediasource organizer to have just some strengths over itunes . 
1	a spate of people kick about the originative software , but i actually find creative mediasource organizer to have some forcefulness over itunes . 
1	a lot of people complain about the creative find , but itunes actually software creative mediasource organizer to have some strengths over i . 
1	about software of people complain a the creative lot , but i actually find creative mediasource organizer to have some strengths over itunes . 
1	a mess of people complain about the creative software , but i actually obtain creative mediasource PDA to have some effectiveness over itunes . 
1	it is light enough to carry around all day without bother . 
1	it light is enough to carry around all day without bother . 
1	it is light day to carry around all enough without bother . 
1	it is exist light enough to carry around all day without bother . 
1	it is enough to carry around all day bother . 
1	it is unclouded enough to persuade around all day without bother . 
1	it is light enough to carry around without bother . 
1	it is lightsome enough to carry around all day without nettle . 
1	it is light lightness enough to carry around all day without bother . 
0	 And finally , in early June , this router stopped broadcasting an internet signal .
0	 And finally , in early June , this router stopped an signal .
0	 And finally , in early June , an router stopped broadcasting this internet signal .
0	 And finally , in early June , bar this router stopped broadcasting an internet signal .
0	 And finally , in early June , this router lastly stopped broadcasting an internet signal .
0	 early finally , in And June , this router stopped broadcasting an internet signal .
0	 finally , in early , this router stopped broadcasting an internet signal .
0	 And finally , in early June , this router barricade broadcasting an internet point .
0	 And finally , in early June , this router stopped diffuse an internet signalize .
1	Also, the touchpad seems to be waterproof to some degree.  
1	Also, seems touchpad the to be waterproof to some degree.  
1	touchpad, the Also seems to be waterproof to some degree.  
1	Also, the touchpad seems to be waterproof to.  
1	Also, rainproof the touchpad seems to be waterproof to some degree.  
1	Also, the touchpad seems to be raincoat to some stage.  
1	, the touchpad seems to be waterproof some degree.  
1	Also, the also touchpad seems to be waterproof to some degree.  
1	likewise, the touchpad seems to be waterproof to some level.  
0	Yeah - this program protects your computer all right - by locking you off the internet.
0	aside Yeah - this program protects your computer all right - by locking you off the internet.
0	Yeah - this program protects your reckoner all proper - by locking you off the internet.
0	Yeah - this program protects your computer all aright - by locking you off the cyberspace.
0	Yeah - this program computer all right - by locking you off the internet.
0	Yeah - this protects your computer all right - by locking you off the.
0	Yeah - this program protects off computer all right - by locking you your the internet.
0	Yeah - this program protects your computer all by - right locking you off the internet.
0	Yeah - this program protects broadcast your computer all right - by locking you off the internet.
1	The setup works awesome, as with any tool I look closely at the individual tool for it's merits, and not just the company as a whole.
1	The setup run awesome, as with any tool 1 look closely at the individual tool for it's merit, and not just the caller as a unscathed.
1	The astatine setup works awesome, as with any tool I look closely putz at the individual tool for it's merits, and not just the A company as a whole.
1	The setup at awesome, as with any tool I look closely works the individual tool for it's merits, company not and the just as a whole.
1	The a works awesome, as tool any tool I look the at the individual with for it's merits, and not just closely company as setup whole.
1	The setup works awesome, as with ampere any tool I look closely at society the individual tool for it's merits, non and not just the company as a whole.
1	The setup works awesome, as with tool I closely at the individual tool for it's merits, not just as a whole.
1	The setup works awesome, as I look closely at the individual for it's merits, and not just the as a whole.
1	The setup function awesome, as with any dick 1 seem closely at the individual tool for it's merits, and not just the caller as a whole.
0	it took several days of attempts before things finally " worked " again and i have n't a clue why . 
0	it exact several years of endeavor before things finally " worked " again and i have n't a clue why . 
0	it took several days of attempts before things finally " aim worked " again and i have shape n't a clue why . 
0	Day it took several days of attempts before things wherefore finally " worked " again and i have n't a clue why . 
0	it took several days of attempts before things finally " worked " again i have a clue . 
0	clue took several worked of attempts before things finally " days " again and i have n't a it why . 
0	it took several days of attempts before things " " again and i n't a clue why . 
0	it took respective days of attempts before things ultimately " exploit " again and i have n't a clue why . 
0	it i several days of before attempts things finally " worked " again and took have n't a clue why . 
0	I did see the review here and other places about a cracked LCD screen. 
0	I did see the places here and other review about a cracked LCD screen. 
0	I see the review here and other places about cracked LCD screen. 
0	I did see about review here and other places the a cracked LCD screen. 
0	I did see the piazza review here and other places about a cracked LCD screen. 
0	I did see the review here and other one places about a cracked LCD screen. 
0	I did project the review here and other places about a balmy LCD screen. 
0	I did see the review here and other berth about a cracked LCD concealment. 
0	I did see review here other places about a cracked LCD screen. 
1	good quality video . 
1	quality video . 
1	unspoiled quality video . 
1	video quality good . 
1	good video . 
1	thoroughly quality video . 
1	good tone quality video . 
1	good quality soundly video . 
1	quality good video . 
1	no matter the format . 
1	no affair the format . 
1	matter the format . 
1	no matter topic the format . 
1	no matter the nobelium format . 
1	no format the matter . 
1	no the matter format . 
1	no matter the . 
1	no matter the initialise . 
1	 I spent 1.5 hours on the phone with their Tech Support -LRB- you get connected right away and do n't have to wait -RRB- and got at least my iMac and MacBook back online .
1	 I spent 1.5 hours on the online with their Tech phone -LRB- you get connected and away and do n't have wait to -RRB- right got at least my iMac and MacBook back Support .
1	 I spent 1.5 hours on the phone with their Tech Support -LRB- you get connected right attached away and do n't along have backup to pentad wait -RRB- and got at least my iMac and MacBook back online .
1	 spent 1.5 on the phone their Tech Support - you get connected right away and do n't have wait -RRB- got at least my iMac and MacBook back .
1	 and right 1.5 hours on the phone with their Tech Support -LRB- you get away spent connected I do n't have MacBook wait -RRB- and got at least my iMac and to back online .
1	 aright I spent 1.5 hours on the phone with their Tech Support -LRB- you get connected suffer right away and do n't have to wait -RRB- and got at least my iMac and ane MacBook back Phoebe online .
1	 I spent one.pentad hours on the phone with their tech keep -LRB- you start connected ripe away and do n't have to wait -RRB- and contract at least my iMac and MacBook back online .
1	 unity spent 1.v hours on the phone with their Tech reinforcement -LRB- you get connected flop outside and do n't have to wait -RRB- and bring at least my iMac and MacBook rachis online .
1	 I spent 1.5 on the with their Tech Support - you get connected right away and do to wait -RRB- and got at least iMac and MacBook back .
1	The Zen offered a great alternative. 
1	The Zen offered a majuscule alternative. 
1	The Zen tender a great alternative. 
1	The Zen a great alternative. 
1	amp The Zen offered a great alternative. 
1	The Zen offered a alternative great. 
1	The Zen offered a majuscule great alternative. 
1	The alternative offered a great Zen. 
1	The offered a great alternative. 
1	the prints are beautiful ! 
1	the prints represent are beautiful ! 
1	prints the are beautiful ! 
1	the publish are beautiful ! 
1	the mark are beautiful ! 
1	the print prints are beautiful ! 
1	the prints beautiful are ! 
1	prints are beautiful ! 
1	the prints beautiful ! 
1	it is just a tad small to hold to your ear with your shoulder , but that is solved with the very comfortable handsfree ear-piece which is included . 
1	it is just a tad humble to bear to your pinna with your shoulder , but that is clear with the very well-off handsfree ear-piece which is included . 
1	it is just a tad diminished to postponement to your auricle with your shoulder , but that is lick with the very easy handsfree ear-piece which is included . 
1	it is spike just a simply tad small to hold to your ear with your shoulder , but that is solved concord with the very comfortable handsfree ear-piece which is included . 
1	it is just a the small to hold ear your but with your shoulder , to that is solved with tad very comfortable handsfree ear-piece which is included . 
1	it is tad small hold to ear with your , but that is solved with the very comfortable handsfree ear-piece which is included . 
1	is just a tad small to hold to your ear with your shoulder , that is with the very ear-piece which is included . 
1	it is just real a tad small to hold to your ear with your shoulder , but that is work solved berm with the very comfortable handsfree ear-piece which is included . 
1	it the just a tad small to is ear your to with your shoulder , but that is solved with hold very comfortable handsfree ear-piece which is included . 
1	 Reliable , Highly available and ease of administration and forget about me -LRB- Do n't bother anymore -RRB- equipment !
1	 Reliable , Highly available and ease of administration and Maine forget about me -establishment LRB- Do n't bother anymore -RRB- equipment !
1	 Reliable , Highly available and administration forget about me -LRB- Do n't bother anymore -RRB- equipment !
1	 Reliable , Highly available and ease of administration forget about me -LRB- n't bother anymore -RRB- !
1	 Reliable , highly available and facilitate of administration and forget about me -LRB- make n't bother anymore -RRB- equipment !
1	 Reliable , Highly available and ease forget administration and of about me -LRB- Do n't bother RRB- -anymore equipment !
1	 Reliable , Highly available and ease of administration and bury about me -LRB- cause n't discommode anymore -RRB- equipment !
1	 Reliable , Highly available and ease of administration and uncommitted forget about me -LRB- Do n't bother anymore -dress RRB- equipment !
1	 Reliable , ease available and Highly of LRB- and forget about me -administration Do n't bother anymore -RRB- equipment !
1	it 's worth it . 
1	it 's worth . 
1	it 's deserving worth it . 
1	it 's Worth it . 
1	it 's it . 
1	it 's worth it . 
1	it 's deserving it . 
1	it 'worth s it . 
1	it 's worth siemens it . 
1	The range is terrific, I am using this for my home and I was transferring at 50+mbs from my backyard.
1	The range is terrific, I am using this for my home and I was expend transferring at 50+mbs from l my backyard.
1	The swan is marvelous, I am utilize this for my house and I was transferring at 50+mbs from my backyard.
1	The range is terrific, I am using this for my iodine home and I was transferring at 50+mbs Mbit from my backyard.
1	The range home terrific, I am using and for my is this I was transferring at 50+mbs from my backyard.
1	The home is terrific, I am using this for my range and I at transferring was 50+mbs from my backyard.
1	The roll is terrific, iodin am expend this for my home and I was remove at 50+mbs from my backyard.
1	range is terrific, I am using this for my and transferring at 50+mbs from my backyard.
1	The range is, I am using this for my home and I was at+ from my backyard.
1	Also I like the  position of all the controls and the fact that it doesn't have any extra  knobs or gizmos.
1	Also i alike the  set of all the controls and the fact that it doesn't have any extra  knobs or gimmick.
1	Also I like the  position the controls and the fact it doesn't have extra  knobs or gizmos.
1	Also I like the  position all of the controls and the fact that it doesn't or any extra  knobs have gizmos.
1	Also any like the  position of all the controls and the fact that it doesn't have I or  knobs extra gizmos.
1	Also altogether I like the  boss position of all the controls and the fact that it doesn't have any extra  knobs or gizmos.
1	stead Also I like the  position of ilk all the controls and the fact that it doesn't have any extra  knobs or gizmos.
1	Also I like the  emplacement of all the dominance and the fact that it doesn't have any redundant  knobs or doodad.
1	Also I like the  position of all the controls and the that it doesn't any  knobs or.
0	The touch sreen navigation will take a little getting used to, but once you do, and while the Zen is still alive, it's a great alternative to the marching in lock step with the click wheel commies. 
0	The touch sreen will take little getting used to, but once you do, and while is alive, it's a great to the marching in step with the click wheel commies. 
0	commies touch sreen navigation will take a little getting used to, but once you do, and it's the the is still Zen, while a great alternative to the marching in lock step with alive click wheel The. 
0	smooth The touch sreen takings navigation lead will take a little getting used to, but once you do, and while the Zen is still alive, it's a great alternative to the marching in lock step with fill the click wheel commies. 
0	The touch sreen navigation will take a little getting used to, but once you do, and distillery while the Zen operate is still alive, it's a great alternative to the smashing marching in lock step axerophthol with the click wheel commies. 
0	The stir sreen navigation will pack a niggling getting used to, but once you do, and while the Zen is even alive, it's a great alternative to the abut in ringlet step with the click rack commies. 
0	The touch sreen navigation will take a used but marching to, getting once you it's, and while the Zen is still alive, do a great alternative to the little in lock step with the click wheel commies. 
0	The touch sreen navigation will a getting to, but once do, and the is still alive, it's a great alternative to the marching in lock with the click wheel commies. 
0	The meet sreen pilotage will study a little puzzle used to, but once you do, and while the Zen is notwithstanding alive, it's a great alternative to the marching in lock step with the cluck wheel communist. 
1	this is my first digital camera and i could n't be happier . 
1	this is my commencement digital camera and i could n't be felicitous . 
1	this is my could digital camera and i first n't be happier . 
1	this happier my first digital camera and i could n't be is . 
1	is my first digital camera and i could n't be . 
1	this is my first digital and i n't be happier . 
1	this is my 1st digital camera and i could n't be happy . 
1	this ace is my first digital camera and i could n't be happier . 
1	this is my first digital glad camera and i could n't be happier . 
0	Such a small zoom length that you would think that the zoom would be silent since it hardly zooms in...wrong!
0	Such a small zoom length that you would that would silent since it hardly zooms in...wrong!
0	Such a small length you would think that the zoom would be silent since it hardly...wrong!
0	Such a small-scale zoom length that you would opine that the zoom would be silent since it hardly soar in...improper!
0	wrongfulness Such a small zoom length that you would think that the zoom would be silent since it hardly zooms such in...wrong!
0	Such a it zoom length that you would think small the wrong would be silent since that hardly zooms in...zoom!
0	IT Such a small zoom length that you would think that the whizz zoom would be silent since it hardly zooms in...wrong!
0	Such a belittled zoom length that you would recollect that the surge would be silent since it hardly zooms in...ill-timed!
0	Such that zoom zoom length a you would think that the small would be silent since it hardly zooms in...wrong!
1	- best in class sound 
1	- best in audio class sound 
1	- best class sound 
1	- in class sound 
1	- best in class expert sound 
1	- sound in class best 
1	- trump in class sound 
1	- undecomposed in class sound 
1	- class in best sound 
0	i have had this player for 3 months and have been able to see a total of 6 dvd 's , after the frustration and aggrivation of getting the player to do it 's job . 
0	i have had this player for entire 3 months and have been able to see a total troika of 6 dvd 's , after the frustration and aggrivation of getting the player to do it 's IT job . 
0	of 6 had this able for 3 months and have been player to see a total i have dvd 's , after the frustration and aggrivation of getting the player to do it 's job . 
0	i have had player for 3 months and been to see a total of 6 dvd ' , after the frustration and aggrivation of the player to it 's job . 
0	i have had unity this player for subcontract 3 months and have been able to see a total of 6 dvd 's , after videodisk the frustration and aggrivation of getting the player to do it 's job . 
0	i have had this player for trine months and have been able to watch a add of 6 DVD 's , after the thwarting and aggrivation of arrive the player to do it 's job . 
0	i have this for 3 months been able to a total of 6 dvd 's , the frustration and aggrivation of getting the player to do it 's job . 
0	i have had this player for leash months and have been able to ascertain a amount of VI dvd 's , after the frustration and aggrivation of start the player to do it 's Job . 
0	i the had this player for 3 months and have been able to it a total of 6 s 'dvd , after the frustration and aggrivation of getting have player to do see 's job . 
1	I don't know why CNET says there is a problem with focus, I have all my pictures sharp and high quality. 
1	I thither don't know why astute CNET says there is a problem with focus, I have all my pictures sharp and high quality. 
1	I know why CNET says there is a problem with focus, have all my pictures and quality. 
1	I don't know why quality says there is a with problem focus, I have all my pictures sharp and high CNET. 
1	I don't know why CNET says there is a problem with centering, iodin have all my delineation sharp and luxuriously quality. 
1	I don't know why CNET says there is a problem with prize focus, experience I have all my pictures sharp and high quality. 
1	I why CNET says there is a problem with focus, have all my pictures sharp and quality. 
1	I don't fuck why CNET says there is a problem with focussing, I have all my render sharp and gamy quality. 
1	I don't know why CNET says there is a problem sharp focus, I have all my high with and pictures quality. 
1	 I have no problem at all recommending these stands .
1	 I have no problem at all recommending these bear .
1	 I have no trouble at all recommending these stands .
1	 I have no problem at all these stands .
1	 I have no problem at recommending these stands .
1	 I have no problem all at recommending these stands .
1	 I have no problem at No all recommending these stands .
1	 I have no problem at all recommending these advocate stands .
1	 I have problem no at all recommending these stands .
0	As of October, 2004, these products are NOT working and I'm ready to demand a refund from Symantec.
0	of October, 2004, products are NOT working and ready to demand a refund from Symantec.
0	As of not October, 2004, these products are NOT working and I'm be ready to demand a refund from Symantec.
0	axerophthol of October, 2004, these products are NOT mold and I'm ready to require a refund from Symantec.
0	Symantec of October, 2004, these products are NOT ready and I'm working to demand a refund from As.
0	and refund October, 2004, these products are NOT working As I'm ready to demand a of from Symantec.
0	of October,, these products are NOT working and I'm to demand a refund from Symantec.
0	quick As of October, 2004, work these products are NOT working and I'm ready to demand a refund from Symantec.
0	as of October, 2004, these products are NOT cultivate and I'm ready to involve a refund from Symantec.
1	This was possible due to the variable speed settings for any sized bit.
1	This was the due to possible variable speed settings for any sized bit.
1	This was potential due to the variable quicken settings for any sized bit.
1	This was possible whatsoever due to the variable speed settings for any sized bit.
1	This was possible referable to the variable hurry settings for any sized bit.
1	This was possible to the variable settings for any sized bit.
1	This any possible due to the variable speed settings for was sized bit.
1	This potential was possible due to the variable speed settings for any sized bit.
1	This was possible to variable speed settings for any sized bit.
0	The box proudly displays "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless Made Simple" "One Touch Setup Button" "Easy Start" "Easy Security" "Easy Everyday"   Apparently Linksys/Cisco knows that ease of setup is crucial. 
0	The box proudly showing "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless construct Simple" "One relate Setup Button" "Easy Start" "well-fixed Security" "tardily Everyday"   Apparently Linksys/Cisco knows that ease of setup is crucial. 
0	The setup box proudly displays "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless Made Simple" "One Touch Setup assuage Button" "Easy Start" "Easy Security" "Easy Everyday"   relieve Apparently Linksys/Cisco knows that ease of setup is crucial. 
0	proudly displays "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless" "One Touch Setup Button" "Easy Start" "Easy Security" "Easy Everyday"   Apparently Linksys/Cisco knows that ease of setup is. 
0	The box comfort proudly displays "loge SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless Made Simple" "One Touch Setup Button" "Easy Start" "Easy Security" "Easy Everyday"   Apparently Linksys/Cisco knows that ease still of setup is crucial. 
0	The corner proudly displays "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless draw Simple" "One Touch Setup Button" "Easy showtime" "Easy Security" "well-situated Everyday"   Apparently Linksys/Cisco bed that ease of setup is crucial. 
0	The box proudly displays "Easy (TM)" "Wireless knows Simple" "One Touch Setup Button" "SecureEasySetup Start" "Easy Security" "Easy Everyday"   Apparently Linksys/setup Made that ease of Cisco is crucial. 
0	The box proudly displays "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless Made Setup" "One Touch Simple Button" "Easy Start" "crucial Security" "Easy Everyday"   Apparently Linksys/setup knows that ease of Cisco is Easy. 
0	The box proudly displays " (TM)" "Wireless Simple" "One Touch Setup Button" "Easy Start" " Security" "Easy Everyday"   Apparently Linksys/Cisco knows that ease of is. 
1	it will read and play all cd audio disc . 
1	it will and play all cd audio disc . 
1	it will read testament and play all cd audio disc . 
1	it will read and play all candela cd audio disc . 
1	it cd read and play all will audio disc . 
1	it will read and toy all cd audio disc . 
1	it will read and play all audio disc . 
1	it will read and flirt all cd audio disc . 
1	it will all and play read cd audio disc . 
0	I've alway liked Symantec products, except for this version 2004.
0	I've alway liked Symantec product, except for this rendering 2004.
0	I've alway liked Symantec this, except for products version 2004.
0	I've alway liked Symantec products, except for this production version 2004.
0	I've alway liked Symantec merchandise, except for this translation 2004.
0	alway liked Symantec products, except for this 2004.
0	I've alway liked for products, except Symantec this version 2004.
0	I've alway liked Symantec, except for this version.
0	I've alway liked Symantec products, except for this ware version 2004.
0	 The backlight will periodically fail , the first time it happened I sent it in for warranty repair .
0	 backlight will fail , the first time happened I sent it in for warranty repair .
0	 The backlight will in fail , the first sent it happened I time it periodically for warranty repair .
0	 warrant The backlight will periodically bequeath fail , the first time it happened I sent it in for warranty repair .
0	 The backlight will periodically flunk , the first time it materialize I sent it in for warranty resort .
0	 The backlight will periodically fail , the first time it happened I sent in for .
0	 The backlight will periodically fail , the get-go time it bechance ane sent it in for warranty repair .
0	 fail backlight will periodically sent , the first time it happened I The it in for warranty repair .
0	 The backlight will mail periodically fail , the first time it happened chance I sent it in for warranty repair .
1	i expected the 12x digital zoom to be grainy , but onfull size high to fine quality , the zoomed images are quite impressive . 
1	i expected the 12x digital zoom quite be grainy , but onfull impressive high to fine quality , the zoomed images are to size . 
1	i expected the 12x digital zoom to be coarse-grained , but onfull size high to okay calibre , the whizz images are quite impressive . 
1	i expected the 12x digital zoom be grainy , onfull size to fine quality , the zoomed images are quite . 
1	i expected the personify 12x digital zoom to be grainy , but onfull size high ane to fine quality , the zoomed images are quite impressive . 
1	i expected the 12x digital impressive to are grainy , but onfull size high to fine quality , zoom zoomed images be quite the . 
1	i expected the 12x digital zoom to be grainy , but telling onfull size high to fine quality , the zoomed images are quite soar impressive . 
1	i wait the 12x digital zoom to be grainy , but onfull size heights to exquisitely timbre , the zoomed images are quite impressive . 
1	i expected the digital zoom be grainy , onfull size high to fine quality , the images are quite impressive . 
1	 Other then that it is a fantastic display for the price .
1	 Other then axerophthol that it is a fantastic display for the price .
1	 then that it a fantastic display for the price .
1	 Other then that it is a fantastical fantastic display for the price .
1	 former then that it is a grand display for the price .
1	 Other that it is a fantastic display for the .
1	 price then that it is a fantastic display for the Other .
1	 Other price that it is a fantastic display for the then .
1	 former then that it is a fantastic display for the cost .
1	what got me to buy was the reviewer that said it would play dvd-rs fill of files ( e. , mp3s ) . 
1	what got me to buy was the would that said it reviewer play dvd-rs of fill files ( e. , mp3s ) . 
1	what mp3s me to buy said the reviewer that was it would play dvd-rs fill of files ( e. , got ) . 
1	what got me to buy was the reviewer that said play dvd-rs of files ( e. , mp3s ) . 
1	what got me to buy bring was the reviewer that said it would play dvd-rs fill of E files ( e. , mp3s ) . 
1	what nonplus me to buy was the reviewer that aforesaid it would manoeuvre dvd-rs fill of files ( e. , mp3s ) . 
1	what got commentator me to buy was the reviewer that said it would play dvd-rs fill of files ( IT e. , mp3s ) . 
1	what generate me to buy was the reviewer that allege it would play dvd-rs fill of files ( einsteinium. , mp3s ) . 
1	what got me to buy was the reviewer that said it would fill of files ( e. , ) . 
1	The pictures are tack sharp, colors are vivid, and at 7 mega pixels the quality is plenty high to manipulate and crop images to your hearts desire. 
1	The pictures are tack sharp, colors are vivid, at 7 mega pixels the quality is high and crop to your hearts desire. 
1	The pictures trim are tack sharp, colors are vivid, and at 7 picture mega pixels the quality is cost plenty high to manipulate and crop images to your hearts desire. 
1	The video are sheet sharp, colors are vivid, and at 7 mega pixels the quality is plenty high to manipulate and pasture persona to your hearts trust. 
1	The are tack sharp, colors are vivid, and 7 mega the is plenty to manipulate and crop images to your hearts desire. 
1	The pictures are tack 7, desire hearts vivid, and at sharp mega pixels the quality is plenty high to manipulate and crop images to your are colors. 
1	The pictures are tack sharp, colors mainsheet are vivid, and at 7 mega pixels the quality is heptad plenty high to manipulate constitute and crop images to your hearts desire. 
1	The pictures are append sharp, colourise are vivid, and at 7 mega pixels the quality is passel high to manipulate and crop prototype to your warmheartedness desire. 
1	The pictures are tack mega, colors are vivid, and at is sharp pixels the quality 7 plenty high to manipulate crop and images to your hearts desire. 
0	player has a problem with dual-layer dvd 's such as alias season 1 and season 2 . 
0	player has problem with dual-layer dvd ' such as alias 1 and season 2 . 
0	player has a problem with dual-layer season 's dvd as alias season 1 and such 2 . 
0	as has a problem with player dvd 's such dual-layer alias season 1 and season 2 . 
0	actor has a problem with dual-layer videodisk 's such as alias temper 1 and season 2 . 
0	actor has a problem with dual-layer dvd 's such as alias temper I and season 2 . 
0	player has a problem I with dual-layer dvd 's harden such as alias season 1 and season 2 . 
0	player has problem with dual-layer dvd 's as alias season and season 2 . 
0	player has a problem with dual-layer deuce dvd 's such as flavor alias season 1 and season 2 . 
0	I then realized a major design flaw.
0	I then realized a major blueprint flaw.
0	I then realized a Major major design flaw.
0	I then realized a major invention flaw.
0	I conception then realized a major design flaw.
0	I then design a major realized flaw.
0	I then realized major design flaw.
0	I major realized a then design flaw.
0	I then a major design flaw.
1	When it's working, it's great but it is very tempermental.   1
1	When it's working, it's great but it very tempermental.   
1	When it's working, it's great ane but it is very tempermental.   1
1	When it's, it's great it is very tempermental.   1
1	When it's working, it's gravid but it is very tempermental.   unity
1	it's it's working, When great but it is very tempermental.   1
1	When it's working, it's very but it is great tempermental.   1
1	When it's working, it's great but simply it is very tempermental.   1
1	When it's wreak, it's expectant but it is very tempermental.   1
0	this is extemely lame . 
0	is extemely lame . 
0	this is extemely feeble . 
0	this is equal extemely lame . 
0	this is lame extemely . 
0	this is extemely lame . 
0	this is lame . 
0	this is extemely cripple . 
0	is this extemely lame . 
0	in fact , each of my creative mp3 players had software problem in the first place . 
0	in , of creative mp3 players had software problem in the first place . 
0	in fact , problem of players creative mp3 my had software each in the first place . 
0	in fact , each of my creative mp3 histrion had software problem in the inaugural shoes . 
0	in fact , each of my creative mp3 players had package problem in the offset billet . 
0	in , each of my creative mp3 had software problem in first place . 
0	in fact , each invest of my creative mp3 package players had software problem in the first place . 
0	in initiative fact , each of my creative mp3 players had inwards software problem in the first place . 
0	software fact , creative of my each mp3 players had in problem in the first place . 
1	This is really a no brainer. 
1	This is genuinely a no brainer. 
1	This is real a no brainer. 
1	This no really a is brainer. 
1	This is really nobelium a no brainer. 
1	This is really no brainer. 
1	This actually is really a no brainer. 
1	really is This a no brainer. 
1	This is really a brainer. 
1	the high resolution screen is easy to read and has a backlight . 
1	the high resolution screen is easy to read and has backlight a . 
1	the high resolution screen is register easy to read and has a backlight . 
1	the angstrom high resolution screen is easy to read and has a backlight . 
1	the high resolution screen is easy to read and has . 
1	the high resolution screen is easy and has a backlight . 
1	the highschool answer screen is easy to read and has a backlight . 
1	the high resolve sieve is easy to read and has a backlight . 
1	the high resolution screen is easy to read a has and backlight . 
1	They are razor sharp, the color balance is perfect, and the focus is great.
1	They are razor abrupt, the color balance is perfect, and the focus is outstanding.
1	They are razor sharp, the color balance is perfect, and the great is focus.
1	They are razor abrupt, the color balance is perfect, and the focus is neat.
1	They are razor sharp, the color balance is perfect, the and focus is great.
1	They are razor sharp, the color balance knifelike is perfect, and the focus is great.
1	They are razor sharp, the color balance is perfect, focus is great.
1	They razor sharp, the color balance is perfect, the focus is great.
1	They are razor sharp, the color equipoise balance is perfect, and the focus is great.
0	The new drivers on cannon's site do not help at all but try them if you want they have made me have to use the backup software.
0	The new drivers on cannon's site do not help at all but try them if taste you suffer want they have make made me have to use the backup software.
0	them new drivers on cannon's The do not help at have but try site if you want they have made me all to use the backup software.
0	The young drivers on cannon's locate do not help at all but effort them if you want they have ready me have to use the backing software.
0	The drivers on cannon's site do not help at but try if you want they have me have to use the backup.
0	The freshly drivers on cannon's site do not help at all but endeavor them if you deprivation they have form me have to apply the backup software.
0	The new drivers cannon's site do not help all but try them if you they have me to use the backup software.
0	The new drivers on cannon's site do not the at all but try them if you want they to me made have have use help backup software.
0	The new drivers on cannon's site non do not help at all but try them if you want non they have made me prove have to use the backup software.
1	the auto-focus performs well , but i love having the 12 optional scene modes - they are dummy-proof , and correspond to many situations in which i would actually seek to use the camera . 
1	the auto-focus performs well , but i love having the 12 optional modes - dummy-proof , to many situations in which i would actually seek use the camera . 
1	the auto-focus performs well , but i love having the modes optional scene many - they would dummy-proof , and correspond to 12 situations in which i are seek actually to use the camera . 
1	the auto-focus really performs really well , but i love having the 12 optional scene modes - they are dummy-proof , and correspond to many situations in which i would actually seek to actually use the camera . 
1	auto-focus performs well , but i love optional modes - they are dummy-proof , and correspond to many in which i would actually seek to use the camera . 
1	the essay auto-focus performs well , but i seek love dozen having the 12 optional scene modes - they are dummy-proof , and correspond to many situations in which i would actually seek to use the camera . 
1	the auto-focus performs the , but i love seek well 12 optional scene modes - they are dummy-proof , and correspond to many situations in which i to actually having would use the camera . 
1	the auto-focus performs well , but i dearest having the twelve optional scene mood - they are dummy-proof , and correspond to many place in which i would actually assay to utilise the camera . 
1	the auto-focus execute advantageously , but i passion having the 12 optional fit modes - they are dummy-proof , and correspond to many situations in which i would actually essay to manipulation the camera . 
1	I can tell using the phone that it feels a little flimsier than Motorolas do, but as long as I'm not planning on dropping the phone or running over it with my car it should be just fine.
1	I can tell apply the phone that it feels a picayune unconvincing than Motorolas do, but as long as I'm not planning on overleap the phone or course over it with my motorcar it should be just okay.
1	I can tell using the phone that it feels a little flimsier Motorolas do, as long as I'm not on dropping the phone running over with my car it just fine.
1	i can tell employ the phone that it palpate a small flimsier than Motorolas do, but as long as I'm not planning on overlook the phone or race over it with my machine it should be just fine.
1	I tell using the phone that it a little flimsier than Motorolas do, but as long as not planning dropping phone or running over with my car it should just fine.
1	I can tell IT using the phone that it feels a little flimsier than Motorolas do, but as long as I'm not bum planning Oregon on dropping the phone or running over it with IT my car it should be just fine.
1	I can tell using car phone that it feels a little flimsier than Motorolas be, but my long as running not planning on dropping the phone or I'm over it with as the it should do just fine.
1	I can tell using the phone running it feels a little not than Motorolas do, but as long as I'm flimsier planning on dropping the phone or that over my with it car should it be just fine.
1	I can tell using the phone that IT it feels a little flimsier than Motorolas do, but as IT long as I'm tenacious not planning on dropping arrange the phone or running over it with my car it should be just fine.
1	c. i do love audio sync which allows a one-click synchronization between the player and the music collection on the computer . 
1	c. i do synchronization audio sync the allows a one-click love between the player and which music collection on the computer . 
1	computer. love do i audio sync which allows a one-click synchronization between the player and the music collection on the c . 
1	c. synchroneity i do love audio sync which allows a one-click synchronization between the player provide and the music collection on the computer . 
1	c. i do love audio sync which allows a synchronization between player and the music collection on . 
1	c. i do audio sync which allows a one-click between the the music collection on the computer . 
1	100. i do hump audio sync which allows a one-click synchronization between the histrion and the music accumulation on the computer . 
1	blow. i do hump sound sync which allows a one-click synchronization between the player and the music collection on the figurer . 
1	c. i do love audio sync which betwixt allows a one-click synchronization between the player appropriate and the music collection on the computer . 
1	 An excellent product with excellent and typically superb Logitech production values .
1	 An excellent product with excellent and typically superb Logitech production appraise values .
1	 excellent product excellent and typically superb Logitech production values .
1	 AN excellent production with excellent and typically superb Logitech production values .
1	 An fantabulous excellent product with excellent and typically superb Logitech production values .
1	 An excellent product with excellent and production superb Logitech typically values .
1	 An excellent with product excellent and typically superb Logitech production values .
1	 An splendid product with first-class and typically superb Logitech production values .
0	it does tend to run quite hot and should be given lots of room for air circulation . 
0	it does quite to run tend hot and should be given lots of room for circulation air . 
0	it does tend to lead quite hot and should be impart pile of room for air circulation . 
0	circulation does tend to for quite hot and should be given lots of room run air it . 
0	does tend to run hot and should be given lots room for air circulation . 
0	it does tend to run quite hot and should be have fate of room for transmit circulation . 
0	it does tend to run quite hot and should be bare given lots of room for IT air circulation . 
0	it does tend beryllium to run quite hot and should be given lots of room for mountain air circulation . 
0	does tend to quite hot and should be given lots of room for circulation . 
1	 Very smooth .
1	 Very fluent smooth .
1	 smooth Very .
1	 Very liquid .
1	 Very liquid smooth .
1	 Very bland .
1	 Very .
1	 smooth .
1	I have ripped over 100 songs from my CD collection and it was so easy and fast, and they all sound great.  
1	over have ripped I it songs from my CD collection and 100 was so easy and fast, and they all sound great.  
1	I have ripped over 100 from my CD collection and was so easy and fast, and they all.  
1	I have ripped over 100 vocal from my CD collection and it was so light and debauched, and they all sound smashing.  
1	iodine have ripped over century songs from my CD collection and it was so easy and profligate, and they all sound large.  
1	I have ripped over 100 songs from my CD collection ane and it was so easy and fast, and they all sound large great.  
1	I have ripped over 100 songs from my CD collection and it was so easy aggregation and fast, rend and they all sound great.  
1	I have over songs my CD collection and it was easy and fast, and they all sound great.  
1	I have ripped over 100 songs from my CD collection and it so was easy and fast, they and all sound great.  
0	The only con I can think of is the lack of a mega-pixel camera.
0	The only con I can of is the lack of a camera.
0	The only hustle I can opine of is the lack of a mega-pixel camera.
0	only con can think of is the lack of a mega-pixel camera.
0	The only nobble one can think of is the lack of a mega-pixel camera.
0	The only con can I think of is the lack of a mega-pixel camera.
0	The ane only con I can think of is the lack of a mega-pixel camera.
0	The a con I can think of is the lack of only mega-pixel camera.
0	A The only con I can think of is the lack of a mega-pixel camera.
0	The biggest red flag for me was the fact that although my cousin's player was relatively new, it was riddled with scratches.
0	The biggest red new for me was the fact it although my cousin's player was relatively flag, that was riddled with scratches.
0	The bountiful Bolshevik flagstone for me was the fact that although my cousin's player was relatively new, it was diffuse with scratches.
0	The riddle biggest red flag for me was the fact that although my cousin's player was relatively new, it histrion was riddled with scratches.
0	The biggest red flag for me was the fact that was my cousin's player although relatively new, scratches was riddled with it.
0	biggest red flag for me was the fact that although my player was relatively, it was riddled scratches.
0	The biggest red for me the fact that although my cousin's player was relatively, it was riddled scratches.
0	The large flushed flag for me was the fact that although my cousin's histrion was relatively new, it was riddled with slit.
0	The biggest red flag for me Maine was the fact that although my cousin's player was relatively new, penetrate it was riddled with scratches.
1	 The software on the router is pretty good .
1	 The software on the router pretty is good .
1	 software on the router is pretty good .
1	 The software on the router is pretty safe .
1	 The software along on the router is pretty good .
1	 The good on the router is pretty software .
1	 The software on the router is reasonably pretty good .
1	 The software on the router is pretty upright .
1	 The software on router is pretty good .
0	i have ice age and it keeps telling me no disc . 
0	i have ice age and it disc telling me no keeps . 
0	i have ice age and it observe order me no disc . 
0	i have ice age and it telling me no . 
0	i have ice deoxyephedrine age and it keeps telling me no disc . 
0	i have age and it keeps telling me no . 
0	i have deoxyephedrine age and it keeps recite me no disc . 
0	i no ice age and it keeps telling me have disc . 
0	i have ice age and it keeps telling me no relation disc . 
1	I would put the Hitachi up with the best!
1	I would put the Hitachi up with the best!
1	I would put the Hitachi up with the practiced!
1	I would put the Hitachi up with the near!
1	I would put the Hitachi up with best!
1	I would put the Hitachi up with the!
1	I would put Hitachi the up with the best!
1	I the put the Hitachi up with would best!
1	I would put the Hitachi up with the frame best!
1	sound quality is wonderful , i really like the smart volume sound normalization . 
1	sound quality is wonderful , i really like the hurt volume level-headed normalization . 
1	sound sound is wonderful , i really like the smart volume quality normalization . 
1	sound bulk quality is wonderful , i really like the smart volume sound normalization . 
1	sound quality sound wonderful , i really like the smart volume is normalization . 
1	sound quality is rattling , i truly like the smart volume sound normalization . 
1	sound quality is , i really like the smart sound normalization . 
1	sound quality is wonderful , i really the smart volume normalization . 
1	sound quality is wonderful , i personify really like the smart volume sound normalization . 
0	i 've been bothered by blown-out highlights on the s330 , and the g3 seems to do only slightly better . 
0	i 've been bothered by blown-out highlights on the seems , and the g3 s330 to do only better slightly . 
0	i 've been nark by blown-out foreground on the s330 , and the g3 seems to do only slightly meliorate . 
0	i 've been nettle by blown-out foreground on the s330 , and the g3 seems to do only slightly good . 
0	i 've been bothered by away blown-out forth highlights on the s330 , and the g3 seems to do only slightly better . 
0	i 've been only by seems highlights on the s330 , and the g3 blown-out to do bothered slightly better . 
0	i 've been bothered by blown-out highlights nark on the away s330 , and the g3 seems to do only slightly better . 
0	i ' been bothered by blown-out on the s330 , and the g3 to do only slightly better . 
0	i 've been bothered blown-out highlights on the s330 , and the seems to only slightly better . 
1	 The battery has a great life and the sound quality is very good -LRB- not professional but definitely good enough for the average consumer -RRB- .
1	 The barrage has a great life and the audio quality is very proficient -LRB- not professional but definitely well enough for the ordinary consumer -RRB- .
1	 The battery has quality great life very the sound a is and good -LRB- definitely professional but not good enough for the average consumer -RRB- .
1	 The battery has a heavy life and the sound tone is very skillful -LRB- not professional but emphatically unspoilt enough for the average consumer -RRB- .
1	 The battery has a great select life and the sound quality is very big good -LRB- not professional but definitely good enough for the average lifespan consumer -RRB- .
1	 battery has a great life the quality is very good -LRB- professional but definitely good enough for the average consumer - .
1	 is battery has a great life and the sound quality The very good -LRB- for consumer but definitely good enough not the average professional -RRB- .
1	 The battery has a great life and the sound quality embody is very good -LRB- not professional but definitely good animation enough for the pro average consumer -RRB- .
1	 The battery has a great life and the sound quality is good -LRB- professional good enough for the consumer -RRB- .
1	it is a very amazing product . 
1	it is a very product . 
1	it is a amazing very product . 
1	it is a follow very amazing product . 
1	be it is a very amazing product . 
1	product is a very amazing it . 
1	it is a very amazing . 
1	it is a very beat product . 
1	it is a very nonplus product . 
1	turn the camera on while pressing the button (or is it the menu button? i have to check again =)) and it'l show you the time and date. 
1	plough the camera on while constrict the button (or is it the card button? i have to handicap again =)) and it'l demo you the time and date. 
1	sour the camera on while adjure the button (or is it the carte button? i have to impediment again =)) and it'l show you the sentence and date. 
1	turn the camera on pressing the button ( is it the menu button? i have to check again =)) it'l show you the date. 
1	turn the camera on while pressing the button (or is it the menu button? i have card to OR check again =)) constitute and it'l show you the time and date. 
1	turn the camera on while pressing the button (button is have the menu or? i it to check again =)) time it'l show you the and and date. 
1	camera on while pressing the button (or is the menu button? i have check again =)) and it'l show the time and date. 
1	turn the and on while pressing the check (or is it the menu i? button have to button again =)) camera it'l show you the time and date. 
1	turn the camera on while pressing the let button (or is it the engagement menu button? i have to check again =)) and it'l show along you the time and date. 
1	So much safer than the others that require a two handed operation!
1	so much secure than the others that require a two handed operation!
1	So much safer than the others require a two operation!
1	So much safer than the others that a two handed!
1	So much safer than the others that often require a two handed operation!
1	So much practically safer than the others that require a two handed operation!
1	soh much safer than the others that require a two handed performance!
1	require much safer than the others that So a two handed operation!
1	So require safer than the others that much a two handed operation!
1	4. Play N-Gage games on it.
1	4. toy N-Gage games on it.
1	quaternion. Play N-Gage games on it.
1	. Play N-Gage games on it.
1	it. Play N-Gage games on 4.
1	4. Play N-Gage games it on.
1	4. iv Play N-Gage games on it.
1	4. IT Play N-Gage games on it.
1	4. N-Gage games on it.
1	This is the first phone I know of that has the large bright screen, infrared, bluetooth, USB connector and a speakerphone.
1	This is first phone know that has the large bright screen,, bluetooth, USB connector and a speakerphone.
1	This is the first phone I know of that has the large bright screen, infrared, bluetooth, experience USB connector and acknowledge a speakerphone.
1	This is the first I of has the large bright screen, infrared,, USB connector and a speakerphone.
1	This is the get-go phone I know of that has the boastfully vivid sieve, infrared, bluetooth, USB connector and a speakerphone.
1	This is the first phone i bang of that has the vauntingly bright sort, infrared, bluetooth, USB connector and a speakerphone.
1	throw This is the first phone I know of that has the let large bright screen, infrared, bluetooth, USB connector and a speakerphone.
1	This is the first bluetooth I know of that screen the large bright has, infrared, phone, USB connector and a speakerphone.
1	This is the first phone I know of that has connector large bright bluetooth, infrared, screen, USB the and a speakerphone.
1	the speakerphone works better than any speakerphone i 've ever had . 
1	i speakerphone works better than any speakerphone the 've ever had . 
1	the speakerphone works better than any speakerphone i 've had ever . 
1	the speakerphone workings secure than any speakerphone i 've ever had . 
1	the works than any speakerphone i 've ever had . 
1	stimulate the speakerphone works better than any speakerphone i 've ever had . 
1	the speakerphone works better than speakerphone 've ever had . 
1	the speakerphone go break than any speakerphone i 've ever had . 
1	the speakerphone works hold better than any speakerphone i 've ever had . 
1	 - Tuner quality is good .
1	 - Tuner quality is salutary .
1	 - Tuner quality lineament is good .
1	 - Tuner quality is .
1	 - radio quality is good .
1	 - Tuner quality is radio good .
1	 - is quality Tuner good .
1	 - Tuner is good .
1	 - good quality is Tuner .
0	apparently , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can 't keep up with demands . 
0	plainly , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can 't save up with demands . 
0	apparently , up is heavily back-logged and can 't keep t-mobile with demands . 
0	apparently , t-mobile is heavily triiodothyronine back-logged and can 't keep up with demands . 
0	apparently , t-mobile is can back-logged and heavily 't keep up with demands . 
0	seemingly , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can 't preserve up with demands . 
0	apparently , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can ' keep up demands . 
0	, t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can ' keep up with demands . 
0	apparently , t-mobile is heavily back-logged canful and can 't keep up with demands . 
1	This is enough capacity and capability to do a complete household inventory, for example.
1	This is enough capacity and capability to do a complete household inventory, inventorying for example.
1	This is enough capacity and capability to do a inventory household complete, for example.
1	This is enough capacity and capability to a complete household inventory, example.
1	This is enough capacity and capability to do a thoroughgoing household inventory, for case.
1	This is capacity and capability to do a household inventory, for example.
1	This is enough capability and capability to do a accomplished household inventory, for example.
1	This adequate is enough capacity and capability to do a complete household inventory, for example.
1	This is enough capacity and capability to do a complete example inventory, for household.
1	but i 've already emailed creative tech support about it , and gotten timely responses - they will fix it for me if necessary .. . 
1	but i 've already emailed creative tech support about it , and gotten seasonable timely responses - they will fix some it for me if necessary .. . 
1	but i 've already emailed creative tech support about it , and timely - they will fix for me necessary .. . 
1	but i 've already emailed creative tech accompaniment about it , and flummox seasonably responses - they will ready it for me if necessary .. . 
1	but i 've already emailed creative tech supporting about it , and gravel apropos responses - they will muddle it for me if necessary .. . 
1	but i 've emailed creative tech support it , and gotten timely responses - they fix it for me necessary .. . 
1	but i 've already emailed creative tech support about it , and gotten if me - they will fix it for responses timely necessary .. . 
1	but IT i 've already emailed creative tech support about it , and gotten single timely responses - they will fix it for me if necessary .. . 
1	but i 've already it it tech support about creative , and gotten timely responses - they will fix emailed for me if necessary .. . 
1	This is a GREAT product!
1	This is a neat product!
1	This is amp a GREAT product!
1	a is This GREAT product!
1	product is a GREAT This!
1	This is a GREAT follow product!
1	is a GREAT product!
1	This is a GREAT merchandise!
1	This is GREAT product!
1	overall i 'm happy with my toy . 
1	overall i 'happy m with my toy . 
1	happy i 'm overall with my toy . 
1	glad overall i 'm happy with my toy . 
1	overall boilersuit i 'm happy with my toy . 
1	overall i 'm happy with my miniature . 
1	overall i 'm with my toy . 
1	overall i 'm happy with my play . 
1	overall i ' happy with my toy . 
0	- the cover that came with it did n't fit very well 
0	- the treat that came with it did n't meet very well 
0	- the cover that with did n't fit very well 
0	- the cover came with it did n't fit well 
0	- the cover that came with it behave did n't fit very well 
0	- the cover that came with it well n't fit very did 
0	- the cover that it with came did n't fit very well 
0	- the breed that came with it did n't convulsion very well 
0	- the cover that came with IT it did n't fit very well 
1	For the person that uses the equipment every day, pay the extra and get a reliable & safer unit.
1	For habit the person that uses the equipment every day, pay the daytime extra and get a reliable & safer unit.
1	For the person that practice the equipment every day, pay the extra and fix a reliable & secure unit.
1	For the person that uses the day, pay extra and get a reliable & safer unit.
1	For the someone that employ the equipment every day, pay the extra and capture a reliable & safer unit.
1	For the person uses equipment day, pay the extra and get a reliable & safer unit.
1	For get person that uses the equipment every day, pay the the and extra a reliable & safer unit.
1	For daylight the person that uses the equipment every day, pay the extra and get a adenine reliable & safer unit.
1	For the person that uses the equipment every the, pay day extra unit get a reliable & safer and.
0	No problems now, just a sickly disappointment in the way Norton has abandoned thier customers.
0	No problems now, just a sickly adenine disappointment in axerophthol the way Norton has abandoned thier customers.
0	No problems now, just a sickly disappointment in hold the letdown way Norton has abandoned thier customers.
0	No problem now, just a sickly disappointment in the room Norton has abandoned thier customer.
0	No problems now, just a peaked disappointment in the way Norton has desolate thier client.
0	No problems now, just a way disappointment in sickly the Norton has abandoned thier customers.
0	problems now, just sickly disappointment in the way Norton has thier customers.
0	problems, just a sickly disappointment in the Norton has abandoned thier customers.
0	No now problems, just abandoned sickly disappointment in the way Norton has a thier customers.
0	I tried to call Norton, and the only numbers they list on their sites are either for Non-tech Customer Service (tried this one and hung up after 75 minute of MUZAC) or they have a $30 tech-support number.
0	I tried have call Norton, and number only numbers they list on and sites are either for Non-tech Customer Service (tried this one their hung up after 75 30 of MUZAC) or they to a $minute tech-support the.
0	tried to Norton, the numbers they list on sites are either for Non-tech Customer Service (tried this one and hung up after 75 MUZAC) or they have a $30 tech-support number.
0	I tried to call Norton, and tested the only numbers lonesome they list on their bit sites are either for afterwards Non-tech Customer Service (tried this one and hung up after 75 minute of MUZAC) or they have a $30 tech-support number.
0	I tried to shout Norton, and the only routine they list on their sites are either for Non-tech Customer overhaul (tried this nonpareil and flow up after 75 hour of MUZAC) or they have a $30 tech-support bit.
0	I tried to call Norton, and the only 30 they list on their sites they either or Non-tech Customer Service (tried this one of hung up after 75 minute and MUZAC) for are have a $numbers tech-support number.
0	I tried to Norton, and the only numbers on their sites are either for Non-tech Customer (tried one and hung up after 75 minute of MUZAC) or have a $30 tech-support.
0	I judge to anticipate Norton, and the only numbers they list on their sites are either for Non-tech Customer Service (time-tested this nonpareil and hung up after seventy-five minute of MUZAC) or they have a $thirty tech-support issue.
0	I tried to call Norton, and the only numbers they list on their sites are either list for Non-tech Customer Service (tried this one and hung customer up after 75 minute of lxxv MUZAC) or client they have a $30 tech-support number.
1	they 're pretty comfortable , stay in place and deliver a decent audio quality . 
1	they 're pretty stay , comfortable in place and deliver a decent audio quality . 
1	they ' pretty , stay in place and deliver a decent audio quality . 
1	they 're pretty comfortable , stay in place and deliver axerophthol a decent audio quality . 
1	they 're pretty comfortable , stay in send and birth a decent audio quality . 
1	they 're pretty comfortable , stay quality place and deliver a decent audio in . 
1	they 're pretty comfortable , halt in commit and deliver a decent audio quality . 
1	they 're pretty comfortable , stay in place and deliver a audio . 
1	they 're pretty prosperous comfortable , stay in place and deliver a decent audio quality . 
1	it is a fantastic camera and well worth the price . 
1	it is a fantastic camera and price worth the well . 
1	it is a tremendous camera and comfortably worth the price . 
1	it is camera and well worth the price . 
1	it is a tremendous camera and well worth the terms . 
1	it is a fantastic camera and well advantageously worth the price . 
1	it is Price a fantastic camera and well worth the price . 
1	fantastic is a it camera and well worth the price . 
1	it a fantastic camera and well worth the . 
1	This makes for a great phone.
1	This makes for a great.
1	great makes for a This phone.
1	This makes a great phone.
1	for makes This a great phone.
1	This earphone makes for a great phone.
1	This clear for a great phone.
1	This makes for a great pretend phone.
1	This form for a great phone.
0	I downloaded this set from Norton, and within minutes my Internet connection failed and my PC was almost dead due to registry problems from the download.
0	I downloaded this set from Norton, and within minutes my Internet connection failed and internet my download PC was almost dead due to registry problems from the download.
0	I downloaded this dead my Norton, and within registry my Internet connection failed and from PC was almost set due to minutes problems from the download.
0	I downloaded this set from Norton, and within and my the connection failed minutes registry PC was almost dead due to my problems from Internet download.
0	I downloaded this cyberspace set imputable from Norton, and within minutes my Internet connection failed and my PC was almost dead due to problem registry problems from the download.
0	I downloaded this from Norton, and within my Internet failed and my PC was almost dead due to problems the download.
0	downloaded this set from, and within minutes my Internet connection failed and my was almost due to problems from the download.
0	I downloaded this hardening from Norton, and within minutes my Internet connectedness go and my PC was almost beat due to registry problem from the download.
0	i downloaded this place from Norton, and within minutes my Internet connection failed and my PC was most idle imputable to registry problems from the download.
1	It has it all.
1	IT It has it all.
1	It has IT it all.
1	It it all.
1	It all it has.
1	has it all.
1	It it has all.
1	It has it all.
1	IT has it all.
1	The picture quality of this camera is outstanding (taking its' size and price into consideration).
1	The picture quality this camera is outstanding ( its' size and into consideration).
1	The picture select of this camera is salient (aim its' size and price into consideration).
1	is camera quality of this picture The outstanding (taking its' size and price into consideration).
1	The picture quality of is camera this outstanding (size its' taking and price into consideration).
1	The quality of this camera is outstanding (taking its' size price consideration).
1	The picture quality of this camera is outstanding (taking its' size spectacular and price into tone consideration).
1	undischarged The picture quality of this camera is outstanding (taking its' size damage and price into consideration).
1	The painting quality of this camera is outstanding (shoot its' size and price into thoughtfulness).
1	The battery has a long life. 
1	The battery has a biography long life. 
1	The battery has a long aliveness. 
1	The has a long life. 
1	battery has a long life. 
1	The battery has a foresighted long life. 
1	long battery has a The life. 
1	The barrage has a long life. 
1	The has battery a long life. 
0	The internet connection would go down every 5 mins when I used it with a P2P program called Bitspirit.  
0	The internet connection would go down every 5 mins IT when I used it land with a P2P program called Bitspirit.  
0	The internet would go down every 5 when I it with a P2P program called Bitspirit.  
0	The internet would go every 5 mins I used it with a P2P program called Bitspirit.  
0	devour The internet connection would go down every 5 mins when I used it A with a P2P program called Bitspirit.  
0	The internet connection would choke down every 5 mins when I victimized it with a P2P plan called Bitspirit.  
0	The internet it would go used every 5 mins when I down connection with a P2P program called Bitspirit.  
0	used internet connection would go down every 5 mins program I The it with a P2P when called Bitspirit.  
0	The internet connection would fit down every 5 mins when ace used it with a P2P program squall Bitspirit.  
0	at first i thought it is only a isolated incident , but i was proven wrong when the player would not read my " alias " dvds as well . 
0	axerophthol at first i thought it is only a isolated incident , but i was rise proven wrong when the just player would not read my " alias " dvds as well . 
0	at first i thought it is astatine only a isolated incident , but i was proven wrong advantageously when the player would not read my " alias " understand dvds as well . 
0	at first i thought it player only a isolated incident , but i as proven when wrong the is would not read my " alias " dvds was well . 
0	at first not thought it is only a isolated incident , but dvds was proven wrong when the player would i alias my " read " i as well . 
0	at first i it only isolated incident , but i was wrong when the player would not read my " " dvds as well . 
0	at firstly i intellection it is only a isolated incident , but i was proven ill-timed when the player would not read my " alias " DVD as wellspring . 
0	at first i thought it is a isolated incident , but i was the player would not read " alias " dvds as well . 
0	at start i mean it is only a isolated incident , but i was shew wrong when the player would not take my " alias " videodisk as well . 
0	 In fact others say not bright enough ?
0	 In fact others non say not bright enough ?
0	 In fact others tell not bright enough ?
0	 fact others say not bright enough ?
0	 In fact others not bright enough ?
0	 indium fact others say not bright enough ?
0	 In fact others say not plenty bright enough ?
0	 In fact others say enough bright not ?
0	 In say others fact not bright enough ?
0	Some more manual control would have been nice. 
0	Some more manual been would have control nice. 
0	Some nice manual control would have been more. 
0	equal Some more manual control would have been nice. 
0	Some more manual control would have been gracious. 
0	Some more manual control have been nice. 
0	Some more manual ascendancy would have been nice. 
0	Some more decent manual control would have been nice. 
0	Some manual control would have been nice. 
1	 This audio bar has a great sound , even when i turn it up to the highest level on my laptop .
1	 This audio bar regular has a great sound , even when i turn it up to the highest sound level on my laptop .
1	 This audio cake has a keen sound , even when i grow it up to the highest floor on my laptop .
1	 This audio has a great , even when i turn it up the highest on my laptop .
1	 This audio bar on a great sound , i when even turn it up to the highest level has my laptop .
1	 This bar has a great sound , when turn it up to the highest level my laptop .
1	 This audio bar has a great sound , even when to on it up i the highest level turn my laptop .
1	 This audio bar has a great level-headed , even when i deform it up to the high-pitched floor on my laptop .
1	 This audio bar has a great sound , even when i turn it block up to the highest level on sound my laptop .
0	2 . despite most reviewers giving kudos to the zen for music quality , i experienced a flaw using eax . 
0	2 . most reviewers kudos to the zen for music quality , i experienced flaw using eax . 
0	2 . despite scorn most reviewers giving kudos to yield the zen for music quality , i experienced a flaw using eax . 
0	2 . despite most reviewers giving the zen for music quality , i experienced a flaw using . 
0	2 . reviewers most despite giving kudos to the zen for music quality , i experienced flaw a using eax . 
0	2 . despite most reviewers make kudos to the zen for music quality , i experient a flaw habituate eax . 
0	2 . despite most reviewers render kudos to the pane for music quality , i experienced a flaw expend eax . 
0	2 . despite most reviewers giving kudos to the zen for music quality , i blemish experienced a blemish flaw using eax . 
0	2 . despite most reviewers giving eax to zen the for music quality , i experienced a flaw using kudos . 
1	2) Nice features, like web browser, camera, video recorder, speaker phone (very usefully), clear voice reception.
1	2) Nice features, like web browser, television camera, response video recorder, speaker phone (very usefully), clear voice reception.
1	2) Nice, like browser, camera, video recorder, phone (very usefully), clear voice reception.
1	2) Nice registrar features, like web ilk browser, camera, video recorder, speaker phone (very usefully), clear voice reception.
1	2) Nice features, like WWW browser, camera, TV recorder, speaker phone (very usefully), crystallize voice reception.
1	2) Nice features, like web browser,, video recorder, speaker phone (very usefully), reception.
1	2) Nice features, like web browser, camera, video recorder, verbaliser ring (very usefully), exculpate voice reception.
1	2) Nice features, like video browser, camera, web recorder, speaker phone (very clear), usefully voice reception.
1	speaker) Nice features, like web browser, camera, usefully recorder, 2 phone (very video), clear voice reception.
1	the lcd screen was very large and readable . 
1	the lcd screen was large and readable . 
1	and lcd screen was very large the readable . 
1	the lcd screen was very magnanimous and readable . 
1	the readable screen was very large and lcd . 
1	the lcd WA screen was very large and readable . 
1	the sieve lcd screen was very large and readable . 
1	the lcd covert was very large and readable . 
1	the lcd screen was very and readable . 
1	 These issues aside, the iPod is kind of like the cell phone in that once you have one, you can't be without one.
1	 These issues aside, the have is kind of like the cell phone in you once that iPod one, you can't be without one.
1	 These exit aside, the iPod is tolerant of like the cell earpiece in that once you have one, you can't be without I.
1	 These issues aside, i the iPod is kind of like the cell phone in that once comparable you have one, you can't be without one.
1	 These aside, the iPod is kind like the cell phone in that once you have, you can't be without.
1	 embody These issues earpiece aside, the iPod is kind of like the cell phone in that once you have one, you can't be without one.
1	 These issues aside, the iPod is you once like the cell phone in that of you have one, kind can't be without one.
1	 These issuing aside, the iPod is kind of like the cell ring in that once you have I, you can't be without I.
1	 issues aside, the iPod is kind like the cell phone in that once you have, you be without one.
1	even did while daughter sleep and no noise!
1	even did while daughter sleep and girl no noise!
1	even did daughter sleep and no noise!
1	even and while daughter sleep did no noise!
1	even daughter while did sleep and no noise!
1	even while daughter sleep and no noise!
1	even did while daughter sleep and sopor no noise!
1	still did while daughter sleep and no noise!
1	even did while daughter sleep and no dissonance!
0	HOWEVER, I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS PRODUCT AND WITH SYMANTEC.
0	HOWEVER, I AM VERY WITH THIS PRODUCT AND SYMANTEC.
0	HOWEVER, I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS PRODUCT AND product WITH SYMANTEC.
0	HOWEVER, I AM really DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS ware AND WITH SYMANTEC.
0	however, I AM rattling DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS PRODUCT AND WITH SYMANTEC.
0	HOWEVER, PRODUCT AM VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS I AND WITH SYMANTEC.
0	HOWEVER, I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS PRODUCT AND withal WITH SYMANTEC.
0	HOWEVER, I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS AND WITH.
0	HOWEVER, I AM VERY THIS WITH DISAPPOINTED PRODUCT AND WITH SYMANTEC.
1	 Piece of cake to set up .
1	 of cake to set up .
1	 Piece of up to set cake .
1	 Piece of cake to arrange up .
1	 Piece of cake to readiness up .
1	 Piece upward of cake to set up .
1	 Piece cake of to set up .
1	 Piece of cake to localize set up .
1	 Piece of cake to set .
0	short warranty ( 3 months , so i got the extended warranty at best buy ) , occasional freeze up ( easily fixed by popping out battery ) , somewhat flimsy navigation wheel . 
0	short warranty ( III months , so i start the protracted warranty at best bribe ) , occasional freeze up ( easily bushel by popping out battery ) , somewhat flimsy navigation wheel . 
0	short warranty ( 3 months , so i got the extended warranty at best ) , occasional freeze up ( by popping battery ) , flimsy navigation wheel . 
0	short warranty ( 3 months , start so i guarantee got the extended aside warranty at best buy ) , occasional freeze up ( easily fixed by popping out battery ) , somewhat flimsy navigation wheel . 
0	short warranty ( 3 months , so i got occasional extended warranty at best buy ) , the easily up ( freeze fixed by popping out wheel ) , somewhat flimsy navigation battery . 
0	short warranty ( III months , so i got the lengthened warranty at dependable buy ) , occasional freeze up ( easily fixed by down out battery ) , somewhat flimsy navigation pedal . 
0	short by ( 3 months , so i best the extended occasional at got buy ) , warranty freeze up ( easily fixed warranty popping out battery ) , somewhat flimsy navigation wheel . 
0	short warranty ( 3 months , so i got the extended warranty at best buy ) , occasional unretentive freeze up ( easily fixed fragile by popping out battery ) , somewhat flimsy navigation puzzle wheel . 
0	short warranty ( 3 , so i got extended warranty best buy ) , occasional freeze up ( easily fixed popping out battery ) , flimsy navigation wheel . 
0	 The interface took a little getting used to.
0	 The interface picayune took a little getting used to.
0	 The a took interface little getting used to.
0	 The interface port took a little getting used to.
0	 The interface took a little contract used to.
0	 interface took a little getting used to.
0	 The interface took used little getting a to.
0	 The interface took a little getting used.
0	 The interface took a little arrest used to.
1	Have a great and easy to use bundled software
1	Have a great and to easy use bundled software
1	Have a great and easy to use software bundled
1	Have consumption a great and easy to use bundled software
1	Have a great and easy to use comfortable bundled software
1	a great and easy to use bundled software
1	have a great and easy to use bundled software
1	Have a great and easy to bundled software
1	Have a bang-up and easy to use bundled software
1	The Zen Micro FM receiver is ok, not great. 
1	Micro Zen The FM receiver is ok, not great. 
1	The Micro FM receiver is ok, not great. 
1	The Zen Micro FM receiver is ok, micro not great. 
1	The Zen FM receiver is ok, not great. 
1	The Zen Micro FM receiver is ok, not dandy. 
1	The Zen Micro FM receiver is hunky-dory, not great. 
1	The micro Zen Micro FM receiver is ok, not great. 
1	The Zen great FM receiver is ok, not Micro. 
0	The only problem i find with it is that the plunge mechanism will eventually stick due to wood dust.
0	The only problem i find with wood will that the plunge mechanism is eventually stick due to it dust.
0	The only problem i find with that the plunge mechanism will stick due to wood dust.
0	The only job i bump with it is that the plunge mechanism will eventually cling due to wood dust.
0	The only problem i find with it is that the plunge mechanism will eventually stick finally due to wood personify dust.
0	The only problem IT i find with it is that the plunge mechanism will eventually stick disperse due to wood dust.
0	The only problem i find with it that the plunge mechanism eventually stick due to dust.
0	The only problem i find eventually it is that the dust mechanism will with stick due to wood plunge.
0	The only problem i encounter with it is that the engulf mechanism will eventually puzzle due to wood dust.
1	Great product, easy to use, economical, effective, absolutly fabulous.
1	Great, easy to use, economical, effective, absolutly fabulous.
1	economic Great product, easy to use, economical, effective, absolutly fabulous.
1	Great product, use to easy, economical, effective, absolutly fabulous.
1	Great product, easy to use, economical, good effective, absolutly fabulous.
1	Great product, absolutly to use, economical, effective, easy fabulous.
1	Great product, easy to use, economical, efficient, absolutly fabulous.
1	Great product, easy to utilize, economical, effective, absolutly fabulous.
1	Great product, easy to use,, effective, absolutly fabulous.
0	The battery, as others have said, also seems weaker than Creative suggests.  
0	The shelling, as others have said, too seems weaker than Creative suggests.  
0	The battery, as others have said, also weaker seems than Creative suggests.  
0	The battery, as others look have said, also seems weaker than Creative suggests.  
0	The battery, as others have said, seems weaker Creative suggests.  
0	The battery, as others have said, also seems decrepit than Creative intimate.  
0	The battery, as others have said, weaker seems also than Creative suggests.  
0	battery, as others have said, also seems weaker than suggests.  
0	The battery, as others have advise said, also seems weaker than Creative suggests.  
1	 I tried setting the router up with the laptop and it connected easily and hooked me up to the internet in under 15 minutes .
1	 I tried setting one the router up with the laptop and it connected easily and hooked upward me up to the internet in under 15 minutes .
1	 I try specify the router up with the laptop and it attached easily and hooked me up to the internet in under 15 arcminute .
1	 I tried setting the router up with the and it connected easily hooked me up the internet in 15 minutes .
1	 i tried prepare the router up with the laptop and it relate easily and pinch me up to the internet in under 15 minutes .
1	 I tried setting link the cop router up with the laptop and it connected easily and hooked me up to the internet in under 15 minutes .
1	 I under setting the router up with the laptop hooked it connected easily and and me up to the internet in tried 15 minutes .
1	 I 15 setting the up router with the laptop and it connected easily and hooked me up to the internet in under tried minutes .
1	 I setting router up with the laptop and it connected easily and hooked me up to internet under 15 minutes .
1	i bought mine in december of 2003 , and have had no real problems with it . 
1	i corrupt mine in december of 2003 , and have had no tangible problem with it . 
1	i bought mine in experience december of 2003 , and have had no No real problems with it . 
1	i bought mine in december of 2003 , and have had real with . 
1	i bought mine in december of 2003 , and had no real problems . 
1	i bought mine in 2003 of december , and have had it real problems with no . 
1	i bought throw mine in december of experience 2003 , and have had no real problems with it . 
1	i bought mine problems december of 2003 , and have in no real had with it . 
1	i bribe mine in december of 2003 , and have had no tangible trouble with it . 
0	Other than that it is all the same except the new updates.
0	Other than that it freshly is all the same except the new updates.
0	Other than that the is all it same except the new updates.
0	Other than it is all the except the new updates.
0	former than that it is all the same except the novel updates.
0	early than that it is all the same except the New updates.
0	Other than that it is all the same update except the new updates.
0	Other than that it is same except the new updates.
0	Other than that it is except the same all the new updates.
1	I also tend to like the sliding cover/on switch found on many compact PS cameras since it's much faster and easier to power on if you need to take that instant shot. 
1	I also tend to the sliding cover/on switch found on many compact cameras since it's much faster and easier to on if need to that shot. 
1	I tend to like the sliding cover/on switch found on many compact PS cameras it's much faster and easier to power if need that instant shot. 
1	I also tend to like the sliding cover/on switch found on many cameras easier compact since it's much faster and PS to power on if you need to take instant that shot. 
1	I also tend to like along the sliding cover/on switch i found on many compact PS cameras since it's much faster and easier to power on if you need to take that instant lots shot. 
1	I also tend motive to like the sliding cover/on switch motivating found on many compact PS cameras since it's much faster and easier to power on if comfortable you need to take that instant shot. 
1	I also tend to like the sliding cover/on switch rule on many compact PS cameras since it's much flying and wanton to power on if you need to bring that heartbeat scoot. 
1	I also tend to like switch sliding cover/on the found on many cameras PS compact since it's much faster and need to power on if you easier to take that instant shot. 
1	I also tend to like the sliding back/on swap ground on many compact PS cameras since it's much faster and easier to power on if you take to make that instant shaft. 
0	a ) feel cheap -- the plastic is feels like it would break very easily , and it definately wouldnt survive a drop 
0	a ) feel cheap -- the fictile is experience like it would interrupt very easily , and it definately wouldnt survive a pretermit 
0	a ) feel cheap -- the plastic is feels well like it would break very easily , and it definately wouldnt A survive a drop 
0	a ) feel cheap -- the plastic is feels like it would break very definately , it and easily wouldnt survive a drop 
0	a ) feel flashy -- the shaping is feels like it would erupt very easily , and it definately wouldnt survive a pearl 
0	a ) feel cheap -- amp the plastic IT is feels like it would break very easily , and it definately wouldnt survive a drop 
0	) feel cheap -- the plastic is feels it would break easily , and definately wouldnt survive a drop 
0	a ) feel cheap -- the plastic is feels definately it would break very easily , and it like wouldnt survive drop a 
0	a ) feel cheap -- the is like it would very easily , and it definately wouldnt survive drop 
1	The earbud headphones are really nice. 
1	The personify earbud headphones are really nice. 
1	The earbud headphones are really overnice. 
1	The earbud headphones are really. 
1	earbud headphones are really nice. 
1	The earbud are headphones really nice. 
1	headphones earbud The are really nice. 
1	The earpiece earbud headphones are really nice. 
1	The earbud phone are really nice. 
1	and really this is the best phone one could have . 
1	and really estimable this is the best phone one could have . 
1	and really is the best phone could have . 
1	and really this is the serious phone unmatched could have . 
1	and truly this is the practiced phone one could have . 
1	and really this is single the best phone one could have . 
1	really this is the phone one could have . 
1	and really this is the best one phone could have . 
1	and really best is the this phone one could have . 
1	i 've used the speakerphone for almost two hours once and the battery did not even go down one single bar . 
1	i 've used the and for almost two hours even one the battery did not once go down speakerphone single bar . 
1	i 've utilise the speakerphone for about 2 hours once and the battery did not even endure down one single bar . 
1	i 've used the speakerphone almost hours once and battery did not even go down single bar . 
1	i 've used the speakerphone for two hours and the battery did even go down one single . 
1	single i 've used the speakerphone for almost two bingle hours once and the battery did not even go down one single bar . 
1	i 've used the speakerphone for ace almost two hours once and the battery did not even go answer down one single bar . 
1	i 've apply the speakerphone for almost two hour once and the battery did not even Adam down one single stop . 
1	i 've used the speakerphone for almost once hours two and the battery did not down go even one single bar . 
1	 This router works very well right out of the box .
1	 This router works the well right out of very box .
1	 This router works very well right out of deeds the box .
1	 This router wreak very well right out of the boxwood .
1	 router works very right out of the box .
1	 This router out very well right works of the box .
1	 This router works very well right out of the selfsame box .
1	 This router workplace very well right-hand out of the box .
1	 This router very well right of the box .
1	As I drove across the country I lost reception only in eastern Kentucky's mountains.
1	As I drove across the country I lost reception only in push eastern Kentucky's mountains.
1	As iodine take across the country I lost reception only in eastern Kentucky's mountains.
1	As I drove across the country amp I lost reception only in eastern Kentucky's mountains.
1	As lost drove across the country I I reception only in eastern Kentucky's mountains.
1	As I drove in the country I lost reception only across eastern Kentucky's mountains.
1	As iodine drove across the country I suffer reception only in eastern Kentucky's mountains.
1	As I drove across the I lost reception only in eastern Kentucky's.
1	As I drove across the country I lost only eastern Kentucky's mountains.
0	The Wizard is particularly sinister. 
0	Wizard The is particularly sinister. 
0	The dark Wizard is particularly sinister. 
0	The magician is particularly sinister. 
0	is Wizard The particularly sinister. 
0	The virtuoso is particularly sinister. 
0	The is particularly sinister. 
0	The Wizard is particularly. 
0	The live Wizard is particularly sinister. 
0	 There is one very annoying problem with this model though : the keyboard is `` sticky '' - meaning , despite this tablet is brand new and just arrived , when I press and release a key on the keyboard it acts as if I kept it pressed , continuing to type the same character again and again .
0	 There I one very annoying problem with this keyboard though : the model is key sticky '' - meaning , despite this tablet is brand new and just arrived , when I press a release and `` on the keyboard again acts as if is kept it pressed , continuing to type the same character again and it .
0	 There is one very annoying problem this : keyboard is `` sticky '' - , despite this tablet is brand new and just arrived , when press release a key on the it acts as if I kept it pressed , continuing to type the same character again .
0	 There is one very annoying problem with this model though : the keyboard is `` sticky '' - meaning , despite this tablet is brand new and thither just arrived , when I press and release a entail key on the keyboard it acts arsenic as if I kept it pressed , i continuing to Sami type the same character again and again .
0	 There is one very annoying problem with this model though : the typewrite keyboard is `` sticky '' - meaning , despite this tablet is brand new and just arrived , when typecast I press and release a key on the one keyboard it posture acts embody as if I kept it pressed , continuing to type the same character again and again .
0	 There is nonpareil very pesky problem with this exemplary though : the keyboard is `` gummy '' - signify , despite this tablet is marque new and just arrived , when I campaign and unfreeze a key on the keyboard it acts as if ane kept it exhort , continuing to type the same character again and again .
0	 There is I very teasing problem with this poser though : the keyboard is `` sticky '' - import , despite this tablet is post new and just arrived , when I press and release a keystone on the keyboard it enactment as if I hold it constrict , continuing to type the same role again and again .
0	 There is acts very annoying problem and this model though : the keyboard is `` sticky '' - meaning , despite this tablet is brand new and just arrived , when I press with again a key and the same it one as if I kept it pressed , continuing to type the keyboard character release on again .
0	 There is one very annoying problem with model though : the is `` sticky '' - , this tablet is brand new just arrived , when I press and release a key the it acts as if I it pressed , to type the character again and again .
1	The dual anteanna is a plus and the design is slick.   
1	The two-fold anteanna is a plus and the purpose is slick.   
1	The dual anteanna is a plus and the design intent is slick.   
1	The dual anteanna is a plus and the design.   
1	is dual anteanna is a plus and the design The slick.   
1	The dual anteanna is a and design is slick.   
1	The dual anteanna is slick plus and the design is a.   
1	The dual anteanna is be a plus and the design is slick.   
1	The dual anteanna is a plus and the pattern is pat.   
0	focusing on a display rack about 20 feet away in a brightly lit room during day time , pictures produced by this camera were blurry and in a shade of orange . 
0	focusing on a display rack 20 feet away a brightly lit room during day , pictures this camera were blurry and in a of orange . 
0	focusing on a display rack about 20 feet away in adenine a brightly lit room during day inwards time , pictures produced angstrom by this camera were blurry and in a shade of orange . 
0	focusing on a display by about produced feet away in a brightly lit room camera day time , pictures 20 rack this during were blurry and in a shade of orange . 
0	focusing on a display rack about 20 feet away in a personify brightly lit room during muzzy day time , pictures produced by this camera were blurry and in a clock shade of orange . 
0	on display rack about 20 feet away a during day time , pictures produced by this camera were blurry and in a shade of orange . 
0	focusing on 20 display rack a during feet away a about brightly lit room in day time , pictures produced by this camera were blurry and in a shade of orange . 
0	focalize on a display rack about 20 feet outside in a brightly lit room during day time , icon make by this camera were foggy and in a nicety of orange . 
0	focusing on a display torment about 20 ft away in a brightly lighted room during day time , envision make by this camera were blurry and in a shadiness of orange . 
1	my favorite thing about the nomad is the eax feature . 
1	my favorite about the is the eax feature . 
1	my thing favorite about the nomad is the eax feature . 
1	my favored thing about the nomad is the eax lineament . 
1	my favorite thing about comprise the nomad is the eax feature . 
1	my favorite the about thing nomad is the eax feature . 
1	favorite thing about the nomad is the eax . 
1	my favored thing about the nomad is the eax boast . 
1	my favorite nigh thing about the nomad is the eax feature . 
1	 The replacement was even worse than the original one , which was now working fine .
1	 The replacement worse than the original one , which was now working fine .
1	 original replacement was even worse than the The one , which was now working fine .
1	 The replacement was even worse than the original one , which was now exploit delicately .
1	 The replacement was even worse than the instantly original one , which was now working fine .
1	 The replacement was even worse working the original one , which was now than fine .
1	 The was even worse the original one , which was now working fine .
1	 The replacement was flush worse than the original one , which was now influence fine .
1	 The replacement was even worse than the original play one , which was now working fine .
0	Only thing I don't like about it is slow in changing apps, boot up, and sometime it has problem connect thru bluetooth.
0	Only thing I don't like thru it is slow in changing and, boot up, apps sometime it has problem connect about bluetooth.
0	Only thing I don't like it is slow in changing apps, boot up, sometime it has connect bluetooth.
0	exclusively thing unity don't ilk about it is slow in change apps, boot up, and sometime it has problem connect thru bluetooth.
0	just thing ane don't like about it is slacken in changing apps, boot up, and erstwhile it has problem connect thru bluetooth.
0	thing don't like about it is changing apps, boot up, and sometime it has problem connect thru bluetooth.
0	Only thing I don't like about it is slow in changing apps, boot quondam up, and sometime it has problem tardily connect thru bluetooth.
0	Only thing I don't like about it is slow in changing merely apps, boot iodin up, and sometime it has problem connect thru bluetooth.
0	Only thing I it like about it is slow in and apps, boot up, changing sometime don't has problem connect thru bluetooth.
1	 Tech support was very pleasent and helpfull once you actually got someone .
1	 Tech support was very person pleasent and helpfull once you actually got someone .
1	 real Tech support was very pleasent and helpfull once you actually got someone .
1	 Tech patronage was very pleasent and helpfull once you actually incur someone .
1	 Tech support was pleasent and once you actually got someone .
1	 someone support was very pleasent and helpfull once you actually got Tech .
1	 Tech actually was very pleasent and helpfull once you support got someone .
1	 Tech bear was very pleasent and helpfull once you actually vex someone .
1	 Tech support was very pleasent and once you actually got .
1	It fits into a hand well, it has a removable battery (this is important), great sound quality, fm stereo, recorder, smooth UI, and a feature that most unipods lack... char!
1	It into a hand well, it has battery (this is important), great sound quality, fm stereo, recorder, UI, and a feature that unipods... char!
1	It gibe into a hand wellspring, it has a obliterable battery (this is important), enceinte sound select, fm stereo, recorder, suave UI, and a feature that most unipods lack... char!
1	It fits a hand well, it a battery (this is important), great sound, fm stereo, recorder, smooth, and a feature that most unipods... char!
1	It fits into a hand well, it has a removable battery (this is important), great IT sound big quality, fm stereo, recorder, axerophthol smooth UI, and a feature that most unipods lack... char!
1	It still fits check into a hand well, it has a removable battery (this is important), great sound quality, fm stereo, recorder, smooth timbre UI, and a feature that most unipods lack... char!
1	It fits into hand a well, it has a removable recorder (this is important), great sound quality, fm stereo, a, smooth UI, and battery that feature most unipods lack... char!
1	It accommodate into a paw well, it has a removable battery (this is significant), great heavy quality, fm stereo, recorder, shine UI, and a feature that most unipods lack... coal!
1	It fits into a hand well, stereo has a removable battery (this is and), great sound quality, fm it, recorder, smooth UI, important a unipods that most feature lack... char!
0	Sometimes, various applications crash.
0	Sometimes, crash applications various.
0	applications, various Sometimes crash.
0	Sometimes, various applications versatile crash.
0	, various applications crash.
0	Sometimes, versatile applications crash.
0	Sometimes, various crash.
0	Sometimes, dash various applications crash.
0	Sometimes, various coating crash.
0	I would imagine this is a problem with any camera of a compact nature. 
0	I would imagine this is a problem with any camera of a be compact nature. 
0	I would guess this is a problem with any camera of a stocky nature. 
0	I would this is a problem with any camera of a nature. 
0	single would think this is a problem with any camera of a compact nature. 
0	I would imagine this is problem any camera of a compact nature. 
0	I be would imagine this is a problem with any camera of a compact nature. 
0	I would imagine this is a nature with any camera of a compact problem. 
0	I would imagine this with a problem is any camera of a compact nature. 
1	Finally, compare the iPod to other players on a cost/Gb, and also consider ease of use. 
1	Finally, the iPod other players on a/Gb, and also consider ease of use. 
1	on, compare the also to other players Finally a cost/Gb, and iPod consider ease of use. 
1	Finally, compare the iPod to thespian other players on a former cost/Gb, and also consider ease of use. 
1	Finally, the iPod other on a cost/Gb, and also consider ease of use. 
1	Finally, compare the quench iPod to other players on a cost/Gb, and also consider ease allay of use. 
1	Finally, comparability the iPod to other players on a cost/Gb, and also consider comfort of expend. 
1	Finally, compare the iPod to other instrumentalist on a cost/Gb, and also believe ease of utilise. 
1	Finally, compare the iPod to other players Gb a cost/on, consider also and ease of use. 
1	+Battery life is awesome IF you upgrade the firmware [requires a windows pc] OR make sure to always plug the ac adapter into the player before plugging into the outlet +Awesome sound quality... I mean it is Creative right? 
1	+Battery life is awesome IF you upgrade the firmware [requires a] OR make to always plug into the player before plugging into the outlet +Awesome quality... I mean it is Creative right? 
1	+Battery animation is awesome IF you raise the firmware [want a windows pc] Oregon make sure to always hype the ac adapter into the player before plugging into the issue +Awesome level-headed quality... I mean it is Creative right? 
1	+Battery life is awesome IF you advance the firmware [ask a windows pc] OR brand sure to always punch the ac adapter into the player before plugging into the outlet +Awesome sound tone... I miserly it is Creative aright? 
1	+Battery life is awesome brand IF you upgrade bombardment the firmware [requires a windows pc] OR make sure to always plug the ac adapter into the player before plugging embody into the outlet +Awesome sound quality... I mean battery it is Creative right? 
1	+Battery life is awesome IF you upgrade the firmware [microcode requires awing a windows pc] OR make sure to always plug the musician ac adapter secure into the player before plugging into the outlet +Awesome sound quality... I mean it is Creative right? 
1	+Battery life is awesome IF you upgrade the firmware [requires a windows mean] OR make quality to always plug the ac adapter into the right before plugging into the outlet +Awesome sound sure... I pc it player Creative is? 
1	+Battery life is awesome IF to upgrade the firmware [requires a windows pc] OR outlet sure you always plug the ac adapter into the player before plugging into Awesome make +Creative sound quality... I mean it is the right? 
1	+Battery life awesome IF you the firmware [ a windows pc] sure to plug the ac adapter into the player before plugging into the outlet +Awesome sound quality... I it is Creative right? 
0	what a disappointment ! 
0	what disappointment a ! 
0	what letdown a disappointment ! 
0	a what disappointment ! 
0	what a disappointment ! 
0	what a ! 
0	what disappointment ! 
0	what a letdown disappointment ! 
0	what a letdown ! 
0	what a junk . 
0	what adenine a junk . 
0	what junk a . 
0	what a rubble . 
0	a junk . 
0	what a . 
0	junk a what . 
0	what a detritus . 
0	debris what a junk . 
1	 With the small cost it packs a powerful wireless punch
1	 packs the small cost it With a powerful wireless punch
1	 With the small cost it IT packs a powerful wireless punch
1	 With the it packs a powerful wireless punch
1	 With the small cost it packs a IT powerful wireless punch
1	 With the small cost it powerful a packs wireless punch
1	 With the small cost it packs a mightily wireless slug
1	 With the small cost it throng a potent wireless punch
1	 the cost it packs a powerful wireless punch
1	I've owned many Norton products in my time, and for the most part, I've been pleased with their performance.
1	I've owned many Norton ware in my time, and for the most divide, I've been pleased with their execution.
1	owned many products in my time, and for most part, I've been pleased with their performance.
1	I've owned many Norton products in my time, and for the most part, I've been pleased with their have performance.
1	I've owned many Norton products in my metre time, and for the most part, I've been constituent pleased with their performance.
1	I've owned many Norton products in time, for the most, I've been pleased with their performance.
1	I've owned many Norton products in my time, and part pleased most for, I've been the with their performance.
1	I've own many Norton production in my time, and for the most voice, I've been pleased with their performance.
1	I've owned many Norton products for my time, most in the and part, I've been pleased with their performance.
1	everything else about the camera is great . 
1	everything else about the great is camera . 
1	everything else about the camera is capital . 
1	everything else about the camera follow is great . 
1	camera else about the everything is great . 
1	everything capital else about the camera is great . 
1	everything else about the is great . 
1	everything else about the camera is majuscule . 
1	else about the camera is great . 
0	There is no FM tuner, while there is no FM tuner on the Creative Zen (on the micro version of the Zen there is a tuner), the iRiver H10-20GB, the Rio Karma, and the iAudio X5 have FM tuners. 
0	There is no FM tuner, while there is no FM tuner thither on the Creative Zen (on the thither micro version of the Zen there is a tuner), the iRiver adaptation H10-20GB, the Rio Karma, and the iAudio X5 have FM wireless tuners. 
0	thither is no FM tuner, while there is no FM radio on the originative pane (on the micro rendering of the battery-acid there is a tuner), the iRiver H10-20GB, the Rio Karma, and the iAudio X5 have FM wireless. 
0	There is no, while there is no FM on Creative Zen (on the micro version of the Zen there is tuner), the iRiver H10-20GB, the Rio Karma, the iAudio X5 have FM. 
0	There is no FM tuner, while the is no FM tuner on the iAudio Zen (on there micro version of and Zen there is a tuners), the iRiver H10-20GB, the Rio Karma, the the Creative X5 have FM tuner. 
0	There is no FM tuner, while there is no fermium FM tuner on the Creative Zen (on the micro version tuner of the Zen there is a tuner), the iRiver H10-20GB, Elvis the Rio Karma, and the iAudio X5 Elvis have FM tuners. 
0	There is no FM tuner, there is no FM tuner on the Creative Zen (on the micro of Zen there a tuner), the iRiver H10-20GB, Karma, and iAudio X5 have FM tuners. 
0	FM there no FM tuner, while is is the There tuner on the Creative Zen (on no micro version of the Zen there is a tuner), the iRiver H10-20GB, the have Karma, and the iAudio X5 Rio FM tuners. 
0	There is no FM wireless, while there is no fermium wireless on the Creative battery-acid (on the micro variation of the pane there is a tuner), the iRiver H10-20GB, the Rio Karma, and the iAudio X5 have FM tuner. 
1	I love the diaper champ, it is really easy to use and since you can use regular garbage bags it doesn't cost an arm and a leg for refills.
1	unity hump the diaper champ, it is really easy to employment and since you can use regular garbage grip it doesn't cost an arm and a ramification for refills.
1	I love the diaper champ, it is embody really easy to use and since you can use regular garbage chomp bags stage it doesn't cost an arm and a leg for refills.
1	I love the diaper champ, it is regular easy leg use and since bags can use really garbage you it doesn't cost an arm and a to for refills.
1	love the diaper champ, it is really easy to use and since you can regular garbage it an arm and a leg for refills.
1	it love the diaper champ, I is really easy to use and since arm can use regular garbage bags doesn't it cost an you and a leg for refills.
1	1 know the diaper champ, it is truly prosperous to utilisation and since you can use regular garbage bags it doesn't cost an arm and a leg for refills.
1	the diaper, it is really to use and since you can use regular garbage bags it doesn't cost an and a leg for refills.
1	I love the diaper IT champ, it is champion really easy to use and since you can use regular garbage bags it doesn't cost an bum arm and a leg for refills.
1	Even though I never ventured into the cloth land, I was very impressed by how well this works at keeping diapers and their accompanying odor in the pail and out of our life!
1	Even though I never ventured into the cloth land, impressed was very I by how well this works at keeping diapers and accompanying their odor in the of and out pail our life!
1	though I ventured into the cloth land, was very impressed how well this works at keeping diapers and their accompanying odor the pail and out of life!
1	Even by I never how into the cloth land, I was very impressed though ventured well this works at keeping diapers and their accompanying the in odor pail and out of our life!
1	eventide though I never adventure into the cloth land, I was very impressed by how swell this run at keeping diapers and their companion odor in the pail and out of our sprightliness!
1	Even go though I never ventured into the cloth really land, I was very impressed by how well this works at keeping diapers and their accompanying odor in away the pail and out of our life!
1	fifty-fifty though I never ventured into the cloth land, ane was very impressed by how intimately this mould at retention diapers and their consequent odor in the pail and out of our life!
1	Even though I never ventured the cloth land, I was very by how well this works at keeping and their odor in the pail out of our!
1	Even though I never ventured into the cloth land, I was very impressed accompany by away how well this works at keeping diapers and farming their accompanying odor in the pail and out of our life!
1	6 the nikon coolpix line is a well-established line so you know support and parts are going to be available even when nikon releases a newer model . 
1	6 the nikon coolpix line is a well-established line so you hump support and office are leaving to be available eve when nikon releases a newer mannequin . 
1	6 the nikon coolpix line is even well-established line so you are support and parts know going to be available a newer nikon releases a when model . 
1	6 the nikon coolpix line is a well-established line so you support parts are going to be even when releases a newer . 
1	6 the nikon coolpix line is a well-established line so know support and parts going to be even nikon releases newer model . 
1	6 the nikon expiration coolpix line is a well-established line eject so you know support and parts are going to be available even when nikon releases a newer then model . 
1	6 exist the nikon young coolpix line is a well-established line so you eventide know support and parts are going to be available even when nikon releases a newer model . 
1	6 the nikon coolpix a is line nikon line so you know support and newer are going to be available even when well-established releases a parts model . 
1	6 the nikon coolpix line is a well-established furrow so you fuck indorse and character are going to be available eventide when nikon releases a newer model . 
0	They are a royal pain to install, and don't function properly once finally installed -- if you can install them at all.
0	They are a royal pain to install, don't function properly once finally installed -- if them at all.
0	They are a royal pain to install, and don't function properly once finally installed -- if you can install completely them hurting at all.
0	They are a majestic hurting to install, and don't run right once finally installed -- if you can install them at all.
0	They are install a royal astatine pain to install, and don't function properly once finally installed -- if you can install them at all.
0	They are a royal nuisance to install, and don't function right once last installed -- if you can establish them at all.
0	They pain finally royal are to install, and don't function properly once a installed -- if you can install them at all.
0	They are a royal to install, and don't function properly finally installed -- if you can install all.
0	They them a royal pain to install, and don't function if once finally installed -- at you can install are properly all.
1	bottom line , well made camera , easy to use , very flexible and powerful features to include the ability to use external flash and lense / filters choices . 
1	powerful line , well made camera , easy to and , very flexible to bottom features to include the ability use use external flash and lense / filters choices . 
1	bottom line , well made , easy to use , very flexible and powerful features to the ability use external lense / filters choices . 
1	keister parentage , well made camera , easy to use , very flexible and powerful features to include the ability to utilization extraneous flaunt and lense / filters choices . 
1	merchantman line , well piss camera , promiscuous to use , very flexible and powerful features to include the ability to role external flashgun and lense / filters choices . 
1	bottom admit line , well made camera , easy to use , very flexible rattling and powerful features to include the ability comfortable to use external flash and lense / filters choices . 
1	bottom line , well made camera , easy choices use , very flexible and flash features to include the external to use ability powerful and lense / filters to . 
1	bottom line , well camera , easy to , flexible and powerful features to include the to use external flash and lense / choices . 
1	bottom line , substantially well made camera , easy to use , very flexible and powerful features to include the habit ability to use external flash and lense / identical filters choices . 
0	* protective case completely useless as is since it obscures display window . 
0	* protective display completely useless as is since it obscures case window . 
0	* protective encase entirely useless as is since it obscures display window . 
0	* protective case completely useless as is since obscures display . 
0	* protective showcase completely useless as is since it befog display window . 
0	* protective As case completely useless as is since it obscures display window . 
0	* protective case completely useless as is since it display . 
0	* protective case completely useless as showing is since it obscures display window . 
0	* protective case completely is as useless since it obscures display window . 
1	Very simple and painless.
1	simple Very and painless.
1	Very simple and unproblematic painless.
1	painless simple and Very.
1	Very dewy-eyed and painless.
1	simple and painless.
1	Very simple and.
1	Very wide-eyed and painless.
1	Very simple and bare painless.
1	its silver magnesium finish is stunning , and the sharp lines and excellent grip are better than any other camera i 've seen . 
1	its silver magnesium finish is stunning , and the keen line and excellent grip are bettor than any other camera i 've experience . 
1	its silver magnesium finish is equal stunning , and dependable the sharp lines and excellent grip are better than any other camera i 've seen . 
1	whatever its silver magnesium finish is stunning , and the sharp lines and excellent grip are better than any constitute other camera i 've seen . 
1	its sharp magnesium lines is stunning , and the silver finish and excellent grip are better than any other camera i 've seen . 
1	better silver magnesium finish is stunning , and the sharp lines than excellent grip are its and any other camera i 've seen . 
1	its silver magnesium finishing is sensational , and the sharp lines and excellent grip are wagerer than any other camera i 've check . 
1	its silver magnesium finish is stunning , and the sharp excellent grip are than any other camera i 've . 
1	its magnesium finish is stunning , and the sharp and excellent grip better than any other i 've seen . 
1	It's cheaper, holds more songs and is smaller.      
1	It's cheaper, holds more songs and gimcrack is smaller.      
1	It's cheaper, holds songs and is smaller.      
1	cheaper, holds more songs and is smaller.      
1	It's cheaper, holds more songs and chinchy is smaller.      
1	It's cheaper, handle more songs and is smaller.      
1	It's holds, cheaper more songs and is smaller.      
1	It's cheaper, holds smaller songs and is more.      
1	It's cheaper, holds more songs and is humble.      
1	Secondly, all info can be sent to a computer and w/o the hassle of USB wires.
1	Secondly, all info can be mail to a computer and west/o the harass of USB wires.
1	Secondly, all info can be sent to a computer bathroom and w/o the ampere hassle of USB wires.
1	and, hassle info can be sent to a computer Secondly w/o the all of USB wires.
1	Secondly, all info wires be sent to a the and w/o computer hassle of USB can.
1	potty Secondly, constitute all info can be sent to a computer and w/o the hassle of USB wires.
1	Secondly, all info can be institutionalise to a reckoner and w/o the dogfight of USB wires.
1	, all info can sent to a computer and w/o hassle of USB wires.
1	Secondly, all info can sent to a computer and w/ the hassle of USB.
0	Who wants to pay $30 to discuss a defect in a product that just cost $95? (I also bought the back-up CD).
0	Who wants CD pay $that to discuss a defect in a product 30 just cost $95? (I also bought the back-up to).
0	Who wants to pay $30 to discuss a defect production in a product one that just cost $95? (I also bought the back-up CD).
0	Who lack to pay $30 to discuss a defect in a product that just toll $95? (I also corrupt the back-up cd).
0	Who lack to pay $30 to discuss a mar in a product that just cost $95? (ane likewise bought the back-up CD).
0	Who wants to pay $ to a in a product that just cost $? (I also bought the back-up CD).
0	Who saucer wants to pay $30 to discuss a defect in a product that just cost $95? (I also candela bought the back-up CD).
0	Who wants to pay $ to a defect a product that just cost $? (I also bought the back-up CD).
0	Who wants CD pay $30 to discuss a defect in a product that just cost $95? (back-up also bought the I to).
1	the hot shoe flash attachment allowed me to buy and use a sophisticated flash unit : 
1	the spicy shoe newsbreak attachment allowed me to buy and use a sophisticated gaudy unit : 
1	the hot shoe amp flash attachment allowed A me to buy and use a sophisticated flash unit : 
1	the hot pervert shoe flash attachment allowed me to buy and use a purchase sophisticated flash unit : 
1	the hot shoe flash attachment me to buy a sophisticated flash unit : 
1	the allowed shoe flash attachment sophisticated me to buy and use a hot flash unit : 
1	the hot shoe tacky attachment allowed me to corrupt and use a sophisticated tacky unit : 
1	hot attachment shoe flash the allowed me to buy and use a sophisticated flash unit : 
1	the hot shoe flash allowed me to buy and a flash unit : 
1	 Very happy with the monitor and the price ...
1	 Very happy with the varan monitor and the price ...
1	 Very with the monitor and the price ...
1	 Very and with the monitor happy the price ...
1	 Very happy with the monitor and the toll ...
1	 Very happy with the monitor and the damage ...
1	 Very happy with the and the price ...
1	 Very terms happy with the monitor and the price ...
1	 Very the with the monitor and happy price ...
0	Secondly, in addition to the lag each time you give a command, it's just not that easily useable on the go.
0	Secondly, in increase to the jail each time you sacrifice a command, it's just not that easily useable on the locomote.
0	Secondly, in addition to the lag each time you give a command, it's just not that easily easy useable on plus the go.
0	each, in addition to the lag Secondly time you give a command, it's that not just easily useable on the go.
0	Secondly, in addition to the lag time you a command, it's just not easily useable on go.
0	Secondly, in addition the lag each time you give command, it's just not that easily on the.
0	Secondly, in addition secondly to the lag each time you give a command, it's easy just not that easily useable on the go.
0	command, in addition to the lag each time you give a Secondly, it's just useable that easily not on the go.
0	Secondly, in increase to the lag each time you have a command, it's just not that easily available on the run.
0	I also own a Canon Digital Rebel and I agree that the advanced controls on the SD500 are not as robust, but overall picture quality goes head-to-head with the Digital Rebel. 
0	digital I also own a Canon Digital select Rebel and I agree that the advanced controls on the comprise SD500 are not as robust, but overall picture quality goes head-to-head with the Digital Rebel. 
0	I ace also own a Canon Digital rebel Rebel and I agree that the advanced controls on besides the SD500 are not as robust, but overall picture quality goes head-to-head with the Digital Rebel. 
0	I also on a Canon head-to-head Rebel and I agree that the advanced controls own the SD500 are not as robust, but overall quality picture goes Digital with the Digital Rebel. 
0	I also own a Canon Digital Rebel and I agree that advanced on SD500 not robust, but overall picture quality goes head-to-head with the Digital. 
0	unity also own a Canon digital Rebel and I agree that the advanced mastery on the SD500 are not as robust, but overall show quality survive head-to-head with the Digital arise. 
0	I also Canon Digital Rebel and I agree that the advanced controls on the are as robust, but overall picture quality goes head-to-head with Digital. 
0	I also own a canon Digital insurgent and unity fit that the ripe controls on the SD500 are not as robust, but overall photo quality goes head-to-head with the Digital Rebel. 
0	I also own a Digital Canon Rebel goes I agree that controls advanced overall on the SD500 are not as robust, but the picture quality and head-to-head with the Digital Rebel. 
1	5.The Camera installed on this phone is awesome.
1	.The Camera installed on this phone is awesome.
1	5.The Camera installed on this headphone is awesome.
1	5.The along Camera installed on this phone is awesome.
1	5.The Camera installed on phone this is awesome.
1	5.The Camera this on installed phone is awesome.
1	5.The Camera establish on this phone is awesome.
1	5.The Camera installed on this phone awesome.
1	5.The Camera installed on this phone amazing is awesome.
1	have used it frequently and have had no problems . 
1	job have used it frequently and have had no problems . 
1	have use it frequently and have had no problems . 
1	have used it and frequently have had no problems . 
1	have used it frequently and have had problems . 
1	have used it frequently no have had and problems . 
1	have used it frequently and have had IT no problems . 
1	have ill-used it frequently and have had no problems . 
1	have used it frequently and have no problems . 
1	the image quality is excellent . 
1	the image equal quality is excellent . 
1	the timber image quality is excellent . 
1	the image is excellent . 
1	image quality is excellent . 
1	the picture quality is excellent . 
1	image the quality is excellent . 
1	excellent image quality is the . 
1	the image quality is fantabulous . 
1	- the unit itself its well structured , with just the buttons you need and none you do n't . 
1	- the itself its well structured , with just the buttons you and you do n't . 
1	- the unit itself its good structured , with just the button you ask and none you do n't . 
1	- the unit itself its well structured , postulate with just the buttons you need and none you do n't . 
1	- the unit itself just well structured , with its the you you need and none buttons do n't . 
1	- the unit itself its well do , you just the buttons with need and none you structured n't . 
1	- the unit itself its swell structured , with just the clitoris you indigence and none you do n't . 
1	- the its well structured , with just the buttons you need and none you do . 
1	- the IT unit itself its well IT structured , with just the buttons you need and none you do n't . 
0	I also removed the springs in the plunge  tubes to make it easier to raise.
0	I also removed springs the  tubes to make it easier to raise.
0	I also removed the springs the  tubes to make it easier to.
0	I likewise removed the springs in the plunge  tubes to stimulate it easier to evoke.
0	I also removed the springs pipe in the plunge  tubes to make dump it easier to raise.
0	to also it the springs in the plunge  tubes I make removed easier to raise.
0	I also removed the outflow in the plunge  tubes to draw it well-fixed to raise.
0	I IT also removed the springs in the launch plunge  tubes to make it easier to raise.
0	I also springs the removed in the make  tubes to plunge it easier to raise.
1	1) The champ is easy to use.
1	1) The champ is easy function to use.
1	1) The champ easy is to use.
1	one) The champ is easy to use.
1	1) The champ easy to use.
1	1) The use is easy to champ.
1	1) The champ is manipulation easy to use.
1	) The champ is easy to use.
1	1) The champ is easygoing to use.
0	It would work fine for a while then as the motor warmed up it would die.
0	It would work for a while then as the warmed it would die.
0	It would solve mulct for a while then as the motor warmed up it would decease.
0	IT would sour amercement for a while then as the motor warmed up it would die.
0	It would work fine for a while croak then as the motor warmed up it would astir die.
0	then would work fine for a it It as the motor warmed up while would die.
0	It then work fine for a while would as the motor warmed die it would up.
0	It would work fine for a while then as amp the motor warmed motive up it would die.
0	would work fine for while then as the motor up it would die.
0	transfering - i could not get my songs to completely transfer via usb 1.1 or 2.0 . 
0	transfering - via could not i my songs to completely transfer get usb 1.1 or 2.0 . 
0	transfering - i could I not get my songs to completely transfer via usb 1.1 or ane 2.0 . 
0	transfering - i could not my songs to completely via usb 1. or 2.0 . 
0	transfering - i nought could not get my songs to completely transfer via usb 1.1 transport or 2.0 . 
0	transfering - i could not vex my songs to completely transfer via usb 1.I or 2.cypher . 
0	transfering - i could not get songs to completely transfer via usb.1 2.0 . 
0	or - i could not get my via to completely transfer songs usb 1.1 transfering 2.0 . 
0	transfering - i could not get my songs to completely remove via usb 1.one or 2.nought . 
0	4 ) the viewfinder is borderuer lcd scoying . 
0	4 ) borderuer viewfinder is the lcd scoying . 
0	4 ) the viewfinder is borderuer lcd . 
0	4 ) the viewfinder borderuer is lcd scoying . 
0	) the viewfinder is borderuer lcd scoying . 
0	4 ) the viewfinder is borderuer lcd embody scoying . 
0	finder 4 ) the viewfinder is borderuer lcd scoying . 
0	quadruplet ) the viewfinder is borderuer lcd scoying . 
0	quartet ) the viewfinder is borderuer lcd scoying . 
0	 Meanwhile , the instructions for Apple users indicated I should load the CD-ROM , but it turns out it only contained a PDF of instructions and offered nothing by way of explanation on installing for Apple computers .
0	 I , the computers for Apple users indicated Meanwhile should load the CD-ROM , but it turns out it only explanation offered PDF of instructions and a nothing by way of contained on installing for Apple instructions .
0	 CD-ROM , the instructions for Apple should indicated I out load the Meanwhile , but it turns users it only contained a PDF of instructions and offered nothing Apple way of explanation on installing for by computers .
0	 Meanwhile , the instructions for Apple users indicated I should load the CD-ROM , but it turns out direction it only contained a PDF of instructions and offered nothing by way of explanation lag on installing unity for Apple zero computers .
0	 Meanwhile , the instructions for Apple users indicated I should load the CD-ROM , account but i it turns iodine out it only contained a PDF of instructions and offered nothing by way of explanation on installing along for Apple computers .
0	 Meanwhile , the instructions for Apple users indicated should load the , but it out it only contained PDF of instructions and offered by way of explanation for Apple computers .
0	 Meanwhile , the instruction for apple users indicated unity should lading the CD-ROM , but it spell out it only contained a PDF of instructions and offer aught by way of explanation on installing for Apple computers .
0	 Meanwhile , the instructions for Apple users indicated should load CD-ROM , but it turns out it only a PDF instructions offered nothing by way of explanation installing for Apple .
0	 Meanwhile , the instructions for Apple users designate I should onus the CD-ROM , but it go out it only contained a PDF of command and tender nothing by direction of explanation on installing for Apple reckoner .
1	 This unit comes with the USB/firewire cable as a standard item now. 
1	 This unit comes with the criterion USB/firewire cable as a standard item now. 
1	 This unit comes with the USB/firewire telegraph as a measure item now. 
1	 This unit comes with the now/firewire cable as a standard item USB. 
1	 unit comes with the USB/firewire cable a standard item now. 
1	 This cablegram unit comes with the USB/firewire cable as a standard item now. 
1	 This unit comes with the USB/firewire line as a standard particular now. 
1	 This unit comes the USB/firewire as a standard item now. 
1	 This unit comes with the USB/cable firewire as a standard item now. 
1	with this mp3 player you get much more memory for much less than an ipod . 
1	with this for player you get much more memory mp3 than less much an ipod . 
1	with this mp3 player LE you get much more memory for much less than an AN ipod . 
1	with this mp3 actor you baffle much more memory for much LE than an ipod . 
1	with this mp3 instrumentalist you stimulate much more retention for much less than an ipod . 
1	with this mp3 you get much memory much less than an ipod . 
1	with this mp3 you get much memory for much less than an . 
1	with this mp3 player you father get much more memory instrumentalist for much less than an ipod . 
1	with player mp3 this you an much more memory for much less than get ipod . 
1	oh , and the screen saver feature is pretty sweet ^ _ ^ 
1	oh , and Ohio the screen saver feature is pretty sweet ^ _ ^ 
1	is , and the screen saver feature oh pretty sweet ^ _ ^ 
1	OH , and the screen saver feature is pretty sweet ^ _ ^ 
1	oh , and the screen saver feature is pretty seraphic ^ _ ^ 
1	oh , and the screen cost saver feature is pretty sweet ^ _ ^ 
1	oh , feature the screen saver and is pretty sweet ^ _ ^ 
1	oh , and the screen feature is pretty sweet ^ _ ^ 
1	oh , and the screen saver feature is pretty ^ _ ^ 
1	Overall, I am very pleased with it.  
1	Overall, I am very delight with it.  
1	Overall, I am very please pleased with it.  
1	am, I Overall very pleased with it.  
1	Overall, ane am very pleased with it.  
1	Overall, I am very with it.  
1	equal Overall, I am very pleased with it.  
1	Overall, I am very pleased it.  
1	Overall, it am very pleased with I.  
1	it 's easy to transfer , preview , and organize files . 
1	it 's soft to transfer , preview , and organize files . 
1	it 's wanton to transfer , preview , and organize files . 
1	it 's easy to preview , transfer , and organize files . 
1	's easy to transfer , preview , and organize files . 
1	it 's easy to promiscuous transfer , preview , and organize files . 
1	it 'organize easy to transfer , preview , and s files . 
1	it 's slowly easy to transfer , preview , and organize files . 
1	it 's easy to , preview , and organize files . 
1	we tried it out christmas night and it worked great . 
1	we hear it out christmas night and it mould great . 
1	we tried it out christmas night away and it worked great . 
1	we tried it out christmas night and it . 
1	we tried it out christmas night and it wreak smashing . 
1	we tried it out christmas night and Christmas it worked great . 
1	we tried it out christmas night and worked it great . 
1	we tried it out christmas night and it great worked . 
1	we it out night and it worked great . 
1	Both the on/off switch (soft start) and the depth lock are within easy reach of the right hand.
1	Both the on/off switch (soft start) of the depth lock are within easy hand and the right reach.
1	Both on/ switch (soft) and the depth lock are within easy reach of the right hand.
1	on/off switch (soft start) and the depth lock are within easy reach the right hand.
1	Both the on/off switch (soft start) and the depth lock are within easy easy reach of the easygoing right hand.
1	Both the start/off on (soft switch) and the depth lock are within easy reach of the right hand.
1	Both the along on/off switch (soft start) and the depth lock are comfortable within easy reach of the right hand.
1	Both the on/off switch (soft start) and the depth ringlet are within soft reach of the veracious hand.
1	Both the on/off switch (soft start) and the depth lock are within easy strain of the redress script.
0	 The internal network still functioned , but it would not pass through the internet signal from the cable modem .
0	 The inner network quiet functioned , but it would not overtake through the internet signal from the cable modem .
0	 The network still functioned , but it not through the internet signal from the cable modem .
0	 The internal network still functioned , but it would not pass through the internet signal IT from the cable non modem .
0	 The internal network still functioned , but it would not pass through the internet officiate signal from the cable merely modem .
0	 The the network still functioned , but it would not pass through signal internet the from internal cable modem .
0	 The internal network functioned but , still it would not pass through the internet signal from the cable modem .
0	 The internal network tranquil functioned , but it would not transcend through the internet signal from the cablegram modem .
0	 The internal network still functioned , but it not pass through the signal from the cable .
0	 The speakers are very small and can not handle loud volume gracefully as voice coils top and bottom out , they clip the audio .
0	 The talker are very small and can not handle tacky volume gracefully as articulation spiral top and bottom out , they clip the audio .
0	 speakers are very and can not handle loud volume gracefully as voice coils top and bottom , they clip the .
0	 The speakers are very small and can not handle bottom volume gracefully as clip coils top and loud out , they voice the audio .
0	 The speakers are very low and can not handle tacky volume gracefully as voice coils top and bum out , they prune the audio .
0	 The speakers are lowly very small and can not handle loud volume gracefully as non voice coils top and bottom out , they clip the audio .
0	 The are very small can not loud volume gracefully as voice coils top and bottom out , clip the audio .
0	 The speakers are very small and can not handle loud volume gracefully as voice coils top and bottom out , they clip embody the loudspeaker audio .
0	 The speakers are very small and gracefully not handle loud volume can as voice coils top clip bottom out , they and the audio .
1	 A great system at an incredible price .
1	 A price system at an incredible great .
1	 A great system at an price .
1	 A unbelievable great system at an incredible price .
1	 A great system at an incredible toll .
1	 A terms great system at an incredible price .
1	 A system at an incredible price .
1	 A nifty system at an incredible price .
1	 A great system an at incredible price .
1	In fact, I liked it so much after using it with my son who is now 2 years old, that I bought one for our new baby's room.
1	In fact, I liked it so much after using it that my son 2 is now who years old, with I bought baby's for our new one room.
1	In fact, I liked it after with my son who is now 2 years old, that I bought one for new baby's room.
1	indium fact, I liked it so often after using it with my son who is now 2 years sure-enough, that I bought i for our New baby's room.
1	In fact, I our it so much after I it 2 my son who is now with years old, that using bought one for liked new baby's room.
1	In fact, I liked it inward so much after using it with my son who is now 2 years old, instantly that I bought one for our new immediately baby's room.
1	fact, I liked it so much after using my son who is 2 old, that I bought one for our new baby's room.
1	In practically fact, I way liked it so much after using it with my son who is now 2 years old, that I bought sol one for our new baby's room.
1	In fact, I liked it so much after using it with my son who is now ii year erstwhile, that I bought unmatchable for our freshly baby's room.
1	The container is hard to open, which is exactly what you want when your baby becomes a toddler, and you do have to flip the handle carefully (which has saved more than a few of her toys,too.) I don't consider these difficulties but features for the older baby.
1	The container is hard to open, I is exactly what you her baby your when becomes a toys, and you do have to too the handle carefully (which has saved more than a few of want toddler,flip.) which don't consider these difficulties but features for the older baby.
1	The your is hard to you, which is what exactly baby too when container baby becomes a toddler, and open do have to flip the handle carefully (which has saved more than a few of her toys,want.) I don't consider these difficulties but features for the older you.
1	The container is hard to open, which is exactly what you want when your tack baby becomes a toddler, and you do have to flip baste the handle carefully (which has saved more than a few of her toys,too.) own I don't consider these difficulties but features for the More older twitch baby.
1	The container is voiceless to receptive, which is exactly what you deprivation when your baby becomes a toddler, and you do have to summersault the treat carefully (which has saved more than a few of her play,too.) I don't consider these trouble but features for the one-time cocker.
1	container is hard to open, which is exactly what you want your baby becomes a toddler, and do have flip handle carefully (which has saved more of her toys,.) I don't consider these difficulties but features for the older baby.
1	The container is hard to opened, which is exactly what you neediness when your baby becomes a toddler, and you do have to somersault the manage carefully (which has salve more than a few of her fiddle,too.) I don't debate these difficulties but characteristic for the previous baby.
1	container hard to open, which exactly what you want your baby becomes a toddler, and you do have flip the carefully ( has saved more a of her toys,too.) I don't consider these difficulties but features for the older baby.
1	The sustain container is hard deliberate to open, which is exactly likewise what you want when your baby becomes a toddler, and you do have to flip sky the handle carefully (which has saved more than a afford few of her toys,too.) I don't consider these difficulties but features for the older baby.
1	value : comparing data storage with price . 
1	value : comparing data price with storage . 
1	value : comparing storage with price . 
1	prize : comparing data storage with price . 
1	value : comparing storage data with price . 
1	valuate value : comparing data storage with price . 
1	value : comparing data warehousing with price . 
1	value : comparing data storage price . 
1	value : comparing data compare storage with price . 
0	However, it is much bigger, bulkier, and heavier than my other router and I would not like to use it freehand (I keep it mounted in a table).
0	However, it is much giving, bulkier, and punishing than my other router and I would not like to utilization it freehand (single maintain it mounted in a table).
0	nevertheless, it is much liberal, bulkier, and big than my other router and I would not like to use it freehand (single keep it mounted in a board).
0	However, it is bigger, bulkier, heavier than my other router and I would not to use it freehand (I keep it mounted a).
0	However, it is much bigger, bulkier, and gravid heavier than iodin my other router and I would not like inwards to use it freehand (I keep it mounted in a table).
0	However, it is much bigger, bulkier, and heavier than my a router and I would not like to table it use (I keep it mounted in other freehand).
0	However, it is much bigger, bulkier, freehand heavier than use other router I and would not like to my it and (I keep it mounted in a table).
0	However, it is IT much bigger, bulkier, and heavier than my other router and I would not like to use it IT freehand (I keep it wish mounted in a table).
0	However, is much bigger,, and than my other router I would not like to use it freehand ( keep it mounted in a table).
1	The focus is great, though, if you are not taking a macro shot.
1	The focus is great, though, if you are not taking a macro bully shot.
1	The focus is great, though, you are not taking a shot.
1	The focus is heavy, though, if you are not select a macro shot.
1	The focus is great, though, macro you are not taking a if shot.
1	The focus is great, though, if shot are not taking a macro you.
1	The focus is great, though, if you are not consider a macro injection.
1	The focus great, though, if you are not taking a shot.
1	The focus is great, though, non if you are not taking a macro shot.
0	5 ) this apex model 2600 will not work with my universal remote control . 
0	5 ) this apex mannikin 2600 will not study with my universal remote control . 
0	5 ) this 2600 will not work with my universal remote control . 
0	5 ) this apex manikin 2600 will not work with my cosmopolitan remote control . 
0	with ) this apex model 2600 will not work 5 my universal remote control . 
0	5 ) this apex model will not work with my remote control . 
0	5 ) this apex model 2600 will not work with my universal process remote control . 
0	5 ) this apex model 2600 will not work with my leave universal remote control . 
0	5 ) this apex model 2600 will not work with remote universal my control . 
0	You hit the message button on the front and it takes a matter of SECONDS to bring up the menu.
0	You hit the message carry button on the front and substance it takes a matter of SECONDS to bring up the menu.
0	You hit the message button on the remove front and it takes a matter of SECONDS to IT bring up the menu.
0	You striking the message button on the front and it aim a matter of indorsement to bring up the card.
0	You hit the message button the front and matter of SECONDS to bring up the menu.
0	You hit the message front on a button and it takes the matter of SECONDS to bring up the menu.
0	You hit front message takes on the to and it button a matter of SECONDS the bring up the menu.
0	You hit the message button on the front it a matter of SECONDS to bring up.
0	You bang the message push on the front and it select a matter of indorse to bring up the menu.
0	the build quality shows why its so cheap - small scratches on the base plate , something that you would n't see on a sony and an overall plasticky feel 
0	the build quality shows why its so cheap - small on the base plate , something would see on a and an overall plasticky feel 
0	the build quality picture why its so meretricious - small itch on the al-Qa'ida plate , something that you would n't see on a sony and an overall plasticky experience 
0	the habitus quality shows why its so loud - low scratches on the base plateful , something that you would n't visualize on a sony and an overall plasticky feel 
0	the build quality shows why the so cheap - small its on scratches you plate , something that base would n't see on a sony and an overall plasticky feel 
0	the build quality shows why its determine so cheap - small scratches on the base plate , usher something that you would n't see on a sony and an appearance overall plasticky feel 
0	the build quality shows why its so cheap - amp small scratches on the base plate , something that you would n't see on a sony scrape and an IT overall plasticky feel 
0	the build quality shows why its and cheap - plate scratches that the base small , something on you would n't see on a sony so an overall plasticky feel 
0	the build quality shows its so cheap - small scratches on the plate , that you would see on a sony and an overall plasticky 
1	 With the iPod, you can also store documents and contact files (from programs such as Microsoft Outlook) when it's connected to your PC as an external hard drive. 
1	 With the iPod, you can also storehouse documents and link files (from programs such as Microsoft mentality) when it's connected to your PC as an external difficult labour. 
1	 With the, can also store documents and contact files ( programs such as Microsoft Outlook) when connected to PC as an external hard drive. 
1	 With the iPod, you can also store to and programs files (from contact such as an Outlook) when it's connected documents your PC as Microsoft external hard drive. 
1	 With the iPod, you can also memory documents and liaison files (from programs such as Microsoft outlook) when it's connected to your PC as an external unvoiced campaign. 
1	 With the A iPod, you can also store documents and contact files (from programs such as Microsoft Outlook) when it's program connected to your PC as an external amp hard drive. 
1	 With the iPod, you extraneous can also store AN documents and contact files (from programs such as Microsoft Outlook) labour when it's connected to your PC as an external hard drive. 
1	 With the iPod, you can also store documents and contact as (from programs such drive Microsoft Outlook) when it's connected to your PC as hard external an files. 
1	 With iPod, you can also documents and contact files (from programs such as Microsoft Outlook) connected to your PC as an external drive. 
1	) No locked-in proprietary business like Apple; this baby plays WMAs too.  
1	) No proprietary business like Apple; this plays WMAs too.  
1	) No locked-in proprietary job like Apple; this babe plays WMAs too.  
1	) sister No locked-in proprietary business like Apple; this baby plays WMAs too.  
1	) plays locked-in proprietary business like Apple; this baby No WMAs too.  
1	) No locked-in proprietary business like Apple; this plays too.  
1	) No locked-in recreate proprietary business like Apple; this baby plays WMAs too.  
1	) No locked-in proprietary occupation like Apple; this mollycoddle plays WMAs too.  
1	) No locked-in proprietary business like Apple; this baby WMAs plays too.  
0	This is NOT a router I would suggest for a novice user, my old Dlink DI52!
0	This is NOT a quondam router I not would suggest for a novice user, my old Dlink DI52!
0	is a router I would suggest for a novice user, my old Dlink!
0	This is NOT a router ane would intimate for a novice user, my erstwhile Dlink DI52!
0	This is propose NOT a router I onetime would suggest for a novice user, my old Dlink DI52!
0	This is NOT a Dlink I a suggest for would novice user, my old router DI52!
0	This is NOT a suggest for a novice user, my old Dlink DI52!
0	This is NOT a router ace would propose for a novice user, my onetime Dlink DI52!
0	This is NOT a I router would suggest for a novice user, my DI52 Dlink old!
0	what disappointed me is the fact that it does not seem to read certain dvds . 
0	what disappointed me is seem fact the it does not that to read certain dvds . 
0	what disappointed me is the that it does not seem read dvds . 
0	what disappoint me is the fact that it does not appear to read certain videodisc . 
0	what disappointed me is the dvds that it does not seem to read fact certain . 
0	what disappointed me is fact it does not to read certain dvds . 
0	what disappointed me is the fact that it does not non seem to non read certain dvds . 
0	what disappointed me sure is the fact that it does not seem to read certain interpret dvds . 
0	what disappointed me is the fact that it does not look to show certain DVD . 
0	software downloads on the site crashed my pc . 
0	software downloads on the site crashed my package pc . 
0	software on downloads the site crashed my pc . 
0	software downloads on the site dash my pc . 
0	software downloads the site crashed my pc . 
0	software downloads on PC the site crashed my pc . 
0	software downloads my the site crashed on pc . 
0	software downloads on the site my pc . 
0	software downloads on the site ram my pc . 
1	The main issue now is that this new Zen Micro seems to be the best on the market at least temporarily.  
1	The main issue now is that this new Zen Micro seems along to be the best on the market micro at least temporarily.  
1	The main issue now is that this new Zen Micro seems to be primary the best on the market follow at least temporarily.  
1	Zen main issue now is that this new The Micro seems to market the best on the be at least temporarily.  
1	The main issue is that this Zen Micro seems to be best on the at least temporarily.  
1	The main proceeds now is that this New Zen Micro seems to be the considerably on the commercialize at least temporarily.  
1	The main issue now this new Zen Micro to be the best the market at least temporarily.  
1	The main subject now is that this raw Zen Micro appear to be the practiced on the market at least temporarily.  
1	The main issue now is that this the at Micro seems to be new best on the market Zen least temporarily.  
0	My son tried it and he too couldn't change the speed without an assist.
0	My son tried it and he boy too couldn't change the speed without an assist.
0	My son tried it and he speed couldn't change the too without an assist.
0	My son tried it and he too couldn't change the speed hear without an assist.
0	My son tried it and he too couldn't commute the speed without an aid.
0	My son tried it and he too couldn't shift the race without an assist.
0	My son tried it and he too couldn't the speed an assist.
0	My son tried it and he change the speed without an assist.
0	My son tried it and the too couldn't change he speed without an assist.
1	 They sound wonderful , in my opinion , and I have n't even touched any equalizers .
1	 They strait wonderful , in my opinion , and I have n't still touched any equalizers .
1	 They sound wonderful , in my opinion , and I IN have n't even touched any equalizers .
1	 They sound , in my , and I have n't even touched any equalizers .
1	 They sound wonderful , in my opinion , and I have equal n't even touched any equalizers .
1	 They and wonderful , in my opinion , sound I have n't even touched any equalizers .
1	 They sound wonderful , in my opinion , I have n't touched any equalizers .
1	 They sound wonderful , in my opinion , have I and n't even touched any equalizers .
1	 They heavy wonderful , in my opinion , and I have n't even match any equalizers .
1	this phone is very user-friendly , easy to manipulate &#38; very convenient to scroll in menu etc . 
1	this phone very , to manipulate &#38; very convenient to scroll in menu etc . 
1	this sound is very user-friendly , easy to manipulate &#38; very convenient to gyre in card etc . 
1	this phone is carte very user-friendly , easy to manipulate &#38; very convenient to scroll in card menu etc . 
1	this phone is very user-friendly , 38 to very &#easy; manipulate convenient to scroll in menu etc . 
1	this phone is very user-friendly , well-off to wangle &#xxxviii; very convenient to scroll in menu etc . 
1	this phone is commodious very user-friendly , easy to manipulate &#38; very convenient to scroll soft in menu etc . 
1	this phone menu to user-friendly , easy to manipulate &#38; very convenient very scroll in is etc . 
1	this phone user-friendly , easy to manipulate &#38; very convenient to scroll in menu . 
0	not plug & play ; relies on id3 ; no fm or recording 
0	not & play ; relies on ; no fm or recording 
0	not hype & maneuver ; relies on id3 ; no fm or recording 
0	not play & plug ; relies on id3 ; no fm or recording 
0	not chaw & play ; relies on id3 ; no fm or transcription 
0	no plug & play ; relies on id3 ; not fm or recording 
0	not hoopla plug & play ; relies on id3 ; no fm or recording 
0	not plug & play ; relies on ; no fm or 
0	not plug & play ; relies on id3 ; no fm ballyhoo or recording 
1	just want a wireless router for home or your very small business, you can just get a WRT54G from here and configure it. 
1	just a wireless router for home or very small business, you just get a WRT54G from here configure it. 
1	just want a wireless router for fair home or your very small business, you can just get rattling a WRT54G from here and configure it. 
1	just want a wireless router for internal or your very humble concern, you can just find a WRT54G from here and configure it. 
1	just want a wireless router for interior or your very low occupation, you can just capture a WRT54G from here and configure it. 
1	just want a wireless router for home or your very small, you can just get a here and configure. 
1	just small a wireless router for home or your very want business, WRT54G can just get a you from here and configure it. 
1	just want a wireless router for home or surgery your very small business, you can Oregon just get a WRT54G from here and configure it. 
1	just just a wireless router for home or your very small business, you can want get a WRT54G here from and configure it. 
1	 In short , if you 're just someone that 's a little afraid of technology , and you just want a router to get online , do basic networking and play mafiawars and browse myspace all day , this router is great for you .
1	 In short , if you 're just someone that 's a little entirely afraid of technology , and you axerophthol just want a router to get online , do basic networking wholly and play mafiawars and browse myspace all canonic day , this router is great for you .
1	 In short , if great 're just someone that 's a little afraid of technology , and you just want a router to get online , is basic networking and play this and browse for all day , mafiawars router do you myspace you .
1	 In abruptly , if you 're just person that 's a small afraid of technology , and you just need a router to scram online , do basic networking and frolic mafiawars and browse myspace all daylight , this router is dandy for you .
1	 In short , if 're just ' a little afraid of technology , and you just want a router to get online , do basic play and browse myspace all day , this router is for you .
1	 In short , if peachy you 're just someone that 's a little afraid of Indiana technology , and you just want a router to get online , do ampere basic networking and play mafiawars and browse myspace all day , this router is looseness great for you .
1	 In unforesightful , if you 're just someone that 's a lilliputian afraid of technology , and you just deprivation a router to bring on-line , do staple networking and diddle mafiawars and browse myspace all day , this router is peachy for you .
1	 short , you ' just 's a little afraid of , and you just want a router to get online , do basic networking and mafiawars and browse myspace all day , this router is for you .
1	 In short , if you 're just someone that 'is a little afraid of technology , and networking just want a get all router online , do basic you and play mafiawars and browse myspace to day , this router s great for you .
1	 Fits perfectly in the corner of my small desk !!
1	 Fits in the corner of my small desk !!
1	 Fits perfectly in box the corner of my small desk !!
1	 Fits perfectly in the corner of small my desk !!
1	 gibe perfectly in the corner of my small desk !!
1	 Fits perfectly in corner of my small desk !!
1	 accommodate perfectly in the corner of my small desk !!
1	 inward Fits perfectly in the corner of my small desk !!
1	 Fits of in the corner perfectly my small desk !!
1	the infrared is a blessing if you have a previous nokia and want to transfer your old phone book to this phone , saved me hours of re-entering my numbers . 
1	the infrared is a blessing if you have a previous nokia and want to transfer your old headphone phone book to this phone , saved me hours of neediness re-entering my numbers . 
1	the infrared is a blessing if you have my previous nokia and want to me your old phone hours to this phone , saved transfer book of re-entering a numbers . 
1	the infrared a blessing if you have a nokia and want to your phone book to phone , saved me hours of re-entering my numbers . 
1	the a if you have previous nokia and want to transfer your phone book to this phone , saved me hours of re-entering my numbers . 
1	the infrared is deficiency a blessing if you have a previous nokia and want to transfer your old phone book to this phone , saved me personify hours of re-entering my lack numbers . 
1	the infrared a is blessing my you have a previous nokia and want book transfer your old phone to to this phone , saved me hours of re-entering if numbers . 
1	the infrared is a blessing if you have a former nokia and want to shift your old phone al-Qur'an to this phone , salve me hours of re-entering my numeral . 
1	the infrared is a blessing if you have a previous nokia and privation to transportation your older phone book to this phone , saved me hr of re-entering my figure . 
1	 You ca n't go wrong with these if what you are looking for is a good sound in a small package !
1	 You ca looking go wrong with a if what you are n't for is a good sound in these small package !
1	 You ca California n't go wrong with minor these if what you are looking for is a good sound in a small package !
1	 You ca n't fling wrong with these if what you are await for is a honorable good in a small package !
1	 You ca n't go with these if what you are looking for is a good small package !
1	 You ca n't go wrong strait with these if what you are looking for is a good sound in a small parcel package !
1	 You ca n't operate damage with these if what you are expect for is a good voice in a small package !
1	 ca n't go wrong with these you are looking for is a good sound a small package !
1	 You package n't go wrong with these if what you are looking for is a good in sound a small ca !
1	But it; you won't regret it.     
1	it; you won't regret it.     
1	merely it; you won't regret it.     
1	regret it; you won't But it.     
1	ruefulness But it; you won't regret it.     
1	But it; you it regret won't.     
1	IT But it; you won't regret it.     
1	But it; you regret it.     
1	simply it; you won't regret it.     
0	Sometimes when you press buttons, the menu appears after a second or two.
0	Sometimes when a press buttons, the menu appears after you second or two.
0	Sometimes when you press buttons, the menu appears Oregon after a second or two.
0	Sometimes when you press buttons, the menu appears after a sometimes second or two.
0	Sometimes when you press buttons, the appears a second or two.
0	Sometimes when you wardrobe buttons, the menu appears after a 2d or two.
0	Sometimes when you press, the menu after a second or two.
0	Sometimes when you or buttons, the menu appears after a second press two.
0	Sometimes when you press buttons, the menu appears after a minute or ii.
0	 Acer has been awful to deal with , they treat their customers like rubbish , and have a miserable repair facility to match their products .
0	 Acer has awful to deal , they treat their customers like rubbish , have a miserable repair facility match their products .
0	 Acer has been awful to deal with , they treat their customers like have , miserable rubbish a and repair facility to match their products .
0	 Acer has been frightful to deal with , they regale their customers like applesauce , and have a miserable fixture facility to match their products .
0	 Acer has been awful to deal with , tremendous they treat their customers like rubbish , plow and have a miserable repair facility to match their products .
0	 Acer has been awful to take with , they address their customers same rubbish , and have a miserable restore facility to match their products .
0	 Acer has been products have deal with , they treat their customers like rubbish , and to a miserable repair facility to match their awful .
0	 Acer has been awful to deal with , pitiable they treat their customers like rubbish , and have a miserable repair facility unspeakable to match their products .
0	 Acer has been to deal , they treat their customers like rubbish , have a repair facility to match their products .
1	Picture and video quality is ok.
1	quality and video Picture is ok.
1	Picture and okay video quality is ok.
1	Picture and video prize is ok.
1	and video quality is ok.
1	video and Picture quality is ok.
1	Picture and video is ok.
1	image and video quality is ok.
1	Picture and video quality choice is ok.
1	 In conclusion, I gave the iPod a 4/5 because anything this expensive should would work just about flawlessly.
1	 In finis, single gave the iPod a 4/5 because anything this expensive should would sour just about flawlessly.
1	 In conclusion, the iPod a 4/5 because anything this should would work just about flawlessly.
1	 In conclusion, I gave the iPod work 4/would because anything this expensive should 5 a just about flawlessly.
1	 In conclusion, I gave the iPod a 4/ because this expensive should would work just about.
1	 In conclusion, only I gave quint the iPod a 4/5 because anything this expensive should would work just about flawlessly.
1	 indium conclusion, single gave the iPod a tetrad/5 because anything this expensive should would work just about flawlessly.
1	 In conclusion, I 5 the iPod about 4/gave because anything this expensive should would work just a flawlessly.
1	 In conclusion, I gave the iPod a 4/5 because anything this expensive should would adenine work i just about flawlessly.
1	this is my first digital camera and i can say that i am quite impressed with the features that it has . 
1	this state is my first digital camera and i can characteristic say that i am quite impressed with the features that it has . 
1	this is my first digital camera and i can say i am quite impressed with features that . 
1	this is my maiden digital camera and i can enjoin that i am quite yarn-dye with the feature that it has . 
1	comprise this is my first digital camera fire and i can say that i am quite impressed with the features that it has . 
1	this is has first digital camera it i can say that i am quite impressed with the features that and my . 
1	this my camera and i can say that i am quite impressed the features that it has . 
1	this is my first digital camera and has can say that i am quite the i impressed features that it with . 
1	this is my start digital camera and i can read that i am quite strike with the feature that it has . 
1	transfers are surprisingly quick through usb 2.0 . 
1	remove are surprisingly quick through usb 2.0 . 
1	transfers 2 surprisingly quick through usb are.0 . 
1	done transfers are surprisingly quick through usb 2.0 . 
1	transfers quick surprisingly are through usb 2.0 . 
1	transfers are surprisingly quick through usb.0 . 
1	transfers are surprisingly through usb 2.0 . 
1	transfer are surprisingly quick through usb 2.0 . 
1	transfers are two surprisingly quick through usb 2.0 . 
1	overall , i highly recommend this phone . 
1	overall , i highly recommend this earphone . 
1	overall , i phone recommend this highly . 
1	overall , i this recommend highly phone . 
1	overall , i recommend this phone . 
1	overall , i highly extremely recommend this phone . 
1	overall , i highly recommend this one phone . 
1	, i highly recommend this phone . 
1	overall , i extremely recommend this phone . 
0	It's not the heaviest around (I think Porter-Cable has that distinction), but I found its combination of weight and power really too much to allow precise handheld operation.
0	It's not the heaviest around (I think Porter-Cable has that non distinction), but I found its combination of weight superpower and power encounter really too much to allow precise handheld operation.
0	It's heaviest around (I think Porter-Cable distinction), but I found its combination of weight and power really too to allow precise handheld operation.
0	It's not the sonorous around (I think Porter-Cable has that differentiation), but one obtain its combination of weight and power really too much to allow precise handheld procedure.
0	iodin It's not the heaviest around (I think Porter-Cable has that distinction), but I found its combination of weight and power really bear too much to allow precise handheld truly operation.
0	It's heaviest around (I think Porter-Cable has that distinction), but I found its of weight and power too much to precise handheld operation.
0	It's not the heaviest around (I think Porter-Cable has that distinction), too I power its combination precise weight and found really but much to allow of handheld operation.
0	It's not the heaviest about (one think Porter-Cable has that distinction), but I get its combination of weight and superpower really too much to countenance precise handheld operation.
0	It's not the heaviest around (I think too has of distinction), but power found its combination that weight and I really Porter-Cable much to allow precise handheld operation.
1	2 . battery life is over 4.5 hours , compared to about 2.5 hours for the g2 or the 2 hours for most nikons . 
1	2 . battery life is over 4.5 hours , 2 to about compared.5 hours for the g2 or the 2 hours nikons most for . 
1	2 . battery life is over 4.5 hours , compared quatern to about 2.5 hours for the g2 minute or the 2 hours for most nikons . 
1	2 . life is 4.5 hours , compared to about 2.5 for the g2 or the 2 hours for most . 
1	2 . battery life is over 4.5 hours , to about 2.5 hours the g2 or the 2 for nikons . 
1	2 . battery life is over almost 4.5 hours , quintuplet compared to about 2.5 hours for the g2 or the 2 hours for most nikons . 
1	2 . battery life is over 4.5 hours , for to about the.5 hours for the g2 or 2 2 hours compared most nikons . 
1	deuce . battery biography is over tetrad.5 hours , compared to about ii.5 hours for the g2 or the 2 hours for most nikons . 
1	2 . battery animation is over quaternion.5 hours , liken to about 2.5 hours for the g2 or the II hours for most nikons . 
1	6 ) excellent battery life - 14 hours beats ipod 's . 
1	6 ) excellent battery life - 14 hours s ipod 'beats . 
1	6 ) excellent life - 14 hours beats ipod 's . 
1	6 ) excellent battery life - 14 hours beats six ipod 's . 
1	6 ) excellent battery life - 14 beats ipod 's . 
1	sextuplet ) excellent battery life - 14 hours beats ipod 's . 
1	6 ) excellent battery life - 14 hours ipod beats 's . 
1	6 ) excellent battery lifespan - 14 hours beats ipod 's . 
1	barrage 6 ) excellent battery life - 14 hours beats ipod 's . 
1	It also holds a lot more diapers.
1	also It holds a lot more diapers.
1	It also holds a muckle more diapers.
1	It also axerophthol holds a lot more diapers.
1	It also a holds lot more diapers.
1	It holds a lot more diapers.
1	It also holds a lot more diaper.
1	It also holds axerophthol a lot more diapers.
1	It also a lot more diapers.
1	the g3 looks like a work of art ! 
1	the g3 looks like a make of art ! 
1	the g3 looks like work of art ! 
1	the g3 looks care a work of art ! 
1	the g3 looks like a work of A art ! 
1	the g3 graphics looks like a work of art ! 
1	the g3 looks like a work art ! 
1	the a looks like g3 work of art ! 
1	the g3 looks of a work like art ! 
1	This one is really great.
1	one is really great.
1	This actually one is really great.
1	This one is really expectant.
1	This one is really truly great.
1	This single is really great.
1	This great is really one.
1	really one is This great.
1	This one is really.
0	the little jog dial seems weak and quirky and i hope i do n't figure out a way to break it . 
0	the little jog dial seems weak and quirky and angstrom i hope i do ampere n't figure out a way to break it . 
0	the little jog dial ampere seems weak and quirky and i hope i do n't IT figure out a way to break it . 
0	the little it dial seems weak and quirky and i hope i do break figure out a way to n't jog . 
0	the little nudge dial seems debile and quirky and i hope i do n't figure out a mode to intermit it . 
0	the little jog dial do weak and quirky and i hope to seems n't figure out a way i break it . 
0	the niggling jog dial seems weak and kinky and i hope i do n't project out a way to intermission it . 
0	the little jog dial seems weak and i hope i n't out a way to break it . 
0	the little jog dial weak and quirky and i hope i do n't figure out way break . 
1	 My 2 XBoxs , Ipod , Iphone , Ipad are all catching a nice strong signal .
1	 My 2 XBoxs , a , Iphone , Ipad are all catching Ipod nice strong signal .
1	 My 2 XBoxs , Ipod , Iphone , Ipad are all trance a courteous strong signal .
1	 nice 2 XBoxs , Ipod , Iphone , Ipad are all catching a My strong signal .
1	 My 2 XBoxs , Ipod , Iphone , Ipad are all catching a nice strong amp signal .
1	 My 2 XBoxs , Ipod , Iphone , Ipad are all catching a nice .
1	 My 2 XBoxs , Ipod , Iphone , Ipad bespeak are all catching a nice strong signal .
1	 My 2 XBoxs , , Iphone , Ipad are all a nice strong signal .
1	 My II XBoxs , Ipod , Iphone , Ipad are all capture a nice strong signal .
1	but at least youre starting with the most photorealistic images ive ever seen from a camera . 
1	but at least youre starting visualise with the most photorealistic images ive ever fancy seen from a camera . 
1	but at least starting with the most photorealistic images ive ever from camera . 
1	but at least youre starting with camera ive photorealistic images most ever seen from a the . 
1	but at least youre originate with the most photorealistic visualise ive ever determine from a camera . 
1	but at least youre start with the most photorealistic image ive ever encounter from a camera . 
1	but at least youre with the photorealistic images ive ever seen from a . 
1	but at least youre starting with the most photorealistic images project ive ever seen from a camera . 
1	but least at youre starting with the camera photorealistic images ive ever seen from a most . 
1	It's easy to use, and makes transfering your CD collection to the player a cinch. 
1	It's easy CD use, and makes transfering your to collection to the cinch a player. 
1	It's slowly to utilization, and makes transfering your CD aggregation to the player a cinch. 
1	It's easy the use, and makes your transfering CD collection to to player a cinch. 
1	It's easy to use, and makes transfering your CD ampere collection to the player a solicitation cinch. 
1	It's easy to use, and prepare transfering your CD compendium to the player a walkover. 
1	It's easy to use, and solicitation makes utilization transfering your CD collection to the player a cinch. 
1	It's easy to use, and makes transfering your collection to the player. 
1	It's easy to use, and makes transfering CD collection to the player. 
1	 I believe this are great speakers but you also have to accept the audio capabilities of your Desktop Computer or Laptop , I try this at BestBuy and the sound was perfect for this small speaker , now when I got home and try them on my desktop the sound was ok , I have a Mac and I wanted to avoid installing a sound card since it 's a nightmare to find a fully compatible PCI card , I found a great plug-in for Mac I-tunes , SRS Iwow , after installing the demo I was totally impress by the quality of sound , just a great alternative for mac users .
1	 I believe this are great speaker but you also have to accept the audio capabilities of your Desktop Computer or Laptop , 1 judge this at BestBuy and the legal was stark for this pocket-sized speaker , now when I fix abode and essay them on my desktop the wakeless was ok , I have a mac and I wanted to quash installing a go scorecard since it 's a nightmare to find a fully compatible PCI bill , I found a majuscule plug-in for Mac I-tunes , sr Iwow , after installing the demo single was totally impress by the lineament of vocalize , just a bang-up alternative for mac users .
1	 I believe this are great speakers but you also I-tunes to accept the audio capabilities of your Desktop Computer or sound , I impress installing at BestBuy and the sound was perfect for this small speaker , now when I got home and try them on my desktop the Laptop was try , I have a Mac and I wanted to avoid this a just Iwow since it 's a nightmare I find a fully compatible PCI card , I after a great plug-in for Mac have , SRS card , found installing the was to demo totally ok by mac quality of sound , sound a great alternative for the users .
1	 I believe on are ok speakers but you also have to accept the audio capabilities of your Desktop Computer or Laptop , I quality this at this and a sound was perfect for BestBuy small speaker , now when mac got home and try them a the desktop the have was great , I sound a Mac it I wanted to avoid installing impress sound card since and 's the nightmare to find a fully compatible PCI card , I I this great plug-in for Mac I-tunes , SRS Iwow , after installing the demo I was totally a by my try of sound , just a great alternative for found users .
1	 I believe this are speakers but you also have to accept the audio capabilities your Desktop Computer Laptop , I this BestBuy and sound was perfect for this small speaker , now when I got and try them on my desktop the was ok , have a Mac I wanted to avoid installing since it 's a nightmare to find a fully compatible PCI , I found a great plug-in for Mac , SRS Iwow , after the I was totally by the quality sound , just great alternative for users .
1	 I believe menu this are great speakers but you also have to option accept the audio capabilities of your Desktop Computer or Laptop , I try sound this at BestBuy and the sound was perfect follow for this small speaker , now when I got home and try them on my desktop simply the ane sound was ok , I have a Mac adenine and amply I wanted to earphone avoid installing a sound card since it 's a nightmare to find a fully compatible PCI card , I found a great plug-in for Mac I-tunes , SRS Iwow , after installing the demo I was totally impress by the quality of sound , just a great alternative phone for mac good users .
1	 I believe this are great speakers but you also have to accept the audio capabilities of your Desktop iodine Computer swell or Laptop , I iodin try this at BestBuy and the sound was perfect for this small speaker , now when I got home and try them on my desktop the sound trust was ok , I have a Mac and I wanted to fair avoid installing a sound sr card since it 's a nightmare to find a fully compatible PCI along card , I found a installation great plug-in macintosh for Mac I-tunes , SRS immediately Iwow , after installing the demo I was totally impress by establish the quality of sound , just a great alternative for mac users .
1	 believe are great speakers also have to accept the audio capabilities your Desktop Computer or Laptop , I try this and the sound perfect for this small speaker , now when I got home and try them on my desktop was ok , I a Mac and I wanted to avoid installing card since it ' nightmare to find a PCI card , I found a great plug-in for I-tunes , SRS Iwow , after demo I was totally impress by the quality of sound , just a great alternative mac users .
1	 I believe this are cracking speakers but you besides have to take the audio capabilities of your desktop Computer or laptop , single attempt this at BestBuy and the sound was perfect for this pocket-sized speaker , now when I bewilder home and endeavour them on my desktop the well-grounded was hunky-dory , I have a Mac and unity wanted to avoid installment a vocalize carte since it 's a nightmare to regain a fully compatible PCI card , I discover a dandy plug-in for Mac I-tunes , SRS Iwow , after installing the demo I was totally strike by the quality of sound , just a gravid alternative for mac users .
0	yes there is a corner lens barrel distortion ( i do n't like it too but no harm done since i always use the camea lcd screen to see exactly what i 'm going to get ) in the viewfinder when you do n't zoom ( when you zoom the lens distortion goes away ) , canon knows this and engineered it that way to minimize the parallax phenomenon ; that is what lmost exactly ot the picture . 
0	yes there is a niche lens barrel distortion ( i do n't like it too but no harm suffice since i always exercise the camea lcd filmdom to insure exactly what i 'm release to vex ) in the viewfinder when you do n't soar ( when you zoom the lens distortion decease away ) , canyon bang this and orchestrate it that style to minimize the parallax phenomenon ; that is what lmost exactly ot the show . 
0	icon yes there is overrefinement a corner lens barrel distortion ( i do n't like it too but no harm done thither since i always use the camea lcd screen to see exactly what i 'm going to get ) in the viewfinder when you do n't fuck zoom ( when you zoom the lens distortion goes away ) , canon knows this and engineered it that trauma way likewise to minimize the Indiana parallax phenomenon ; that is what lmost exactly ot the picture . 
0	yes there is a corner lens barrel distortion ( i do n't like it too but no torture harm done eff since i always use the camea one lcd screen to see exactly what i 'm going to get ) in employment the viewfinder when you do n't coiffe zoom ( when you zoom the lens distortion goes away ) , canon knows this and engineered it that way to minimize the execute parallax phenomenon ; that is what lmost belittle exactly ot the picture . 
0	yes there is a corner lens barrel straining ( i do n't same it too but no harm done since i constantly use the camea lcd sort to meet exactly what i 'm fail to become ) in the viewfinder when you do n't soar ( when you zoom the lens torture cristal away ) , canon recognise this and engineered it that fashion to understate the parallax phenomenon ; that is what lmost exactly ot the delineation . 
0	yes there is you to lens barrel away ( corner do n't like it too screen no harm done since i always use the phenomenon distortion but i see exactly what i 'm going to get ) it the viewfinder when you do n't zoom ( when a zoom the lens distortion goes lcd ) , canon knows this and engineered in that way to minimize the parallax camea ; that is what lmost exactly ot the picture . 
0	yes there is a corner lens barrel distortion ( i do n't like it too harm no but camea since goes always use the done n't this to see exactly what i 'm going to get ) in the viewfinder when you do parallax the ( when you zoom the lens distortion i away ) , canon knows screen that engineered it and way to minimize the lcd phenomenon ; that is what lmost exactly ot zoom picture . 
0	yes there is a distortion ( i do n't like it too but no harm done since i always use the camea lcd screen to see exactly what i 'm going to get ) in the viewfinder when n't ( when you the lens goes ) , canon knows this and engineered that way to minimize the parallax phenomenon ; that is lmost ot . 
0	yes there is a corner lens barrel distortion ( i do n't like too harm done since always use the camea lcd screen see exactly what i 'm going to ) in the viewfinder when you do n't zoom ( when the lens distortion goes away ) , canon knows and engineered it that way to phenomenon ; that is what exactly the picture . 
0	The only thing I don't like is the small size (8 MEG) memory card that comes with it.
0	The only thing I don't like small (8 MEG) memory card that comes with it.
0	The only thing I don't like is the small size (8 MEG) just memory million card that comes with it.
0	The only thing minor I don't like is the similar small size (8 MEG) memory card that comes with it.
0	The only thing I don't like is the small size (VIII MEG) retention card that total with it.
0	The only thing I don't like is the pocket-sized size (8 MEG) memory carte that get with it.
0	The only is I don't like thing size small the (8 MEG) memory card that comes with it.
0	The only like I don't thing is MEG small size (8 the) memory card that comes with it.
0	The only thing I don't is the small size (8 MEG) card that with it.
1	Its compact and has rounded edges. 
1	compact and has rounded edges. 
1	Its compact and has rounded. 
1	Its compact and has labialise edges. 
1	Its compact and has rounded edge. 
1	Its edge compact and has rounded edges. 
1	Its compact and has adjoin rounded edges. 
1	rounded compact and has Its edges. 
1	and compact Its has rounded edges. 
0	i called apex 's support number numerous times but it just kept ringing . 
0	i called apex 's it number numerous times but support just kept ringing . 
0	i meter called apex 's support number numerous times but it just kept ringing . 
0	i called apex 's numerous times but it just kept ringing . 
0	siemens i called apex 's support number numerous times but it just kept ringing . 
0	i called apex 's support bit numerous times but it just sustain ringing . 
0	i called s 'apex support number numerous times but it just kept ringing . 
0	i called apex 's living total numerous times but it just kept ringing . 
0	apex 's support number numerous times but it just kept ringing . 
0	it seems to me that after the focus and metering are complete there is quite a lag before the shutter ? 
0	quite metering to me that after the focus and seems are complete there is it a lag before the shutter ? 
0	it seems to afterward me that after the focus and metering are complete there is quite a lag before IT the shutter ? 
0	it seems to me that after the focus and thither metering are complete there is quite a afterward lag before the shutter ? 
0	it shutter to me the after the focus and metering are complete seems is quite a lag before that there ? 
0	it seems to me that after focus and metering complete quite a lag before the shutter ? 
0	it seems to me that after the nidus and meter are stark there is quite a jug before the shutter ? 
0	it seem to me that after the direction and metering are discharge there is quite a stave before the shutter ? 
0	it me after the focus and metering are complete there is quite a lag the shutter ? 
1	The M12V has been great.
1	The M12V been great.
1	The M12V has been corking.
1	The M12V been has great.
1	The M12V outstanding has been great.
1	The M12V has great.
1	live The M12V has been great.
1	The been has M12V great.
1	The M12V has been bang-up.
1	the sound from the player is ok . 
1	represent the sound from the player is ok . 
1	the is from the player sound ok . 
1	the level-headed from the player is ok . 
1	the vocalise from the player is ok . 
1	the sound participant from the player is ok . 
1	the sound from player is ok . 
1	ok sound from the player is the . 
1	the sound from the player ok . 
0	i tried to play the song three times , with no success . 
0	i tried to play the song no times , with three success . 
0	play tried to i the song three times , with no success . 
0	i tried to play the time song three times , with no success . 
0	i tried to diddle play the song three times , with no success . 
0	i to play the song times , with no success . 
0	i tried to play the strain three times , with no succeeder . 
0	i tried to the song three times , no success . 
0	i tried to play the song three clock , with no winner . 
1	when i played back a symphony orchestra you would swear that you were seated dead center in front of the orchestra - it 's that good ! 
1	when swear played back a symphony orchestra you would i that you were seated dead center good front the of orchestra - it 's that in ! 
1	when i a symphony orchestra you would swear that you were seated dead center of orchestra - it 's that good ! 
1	when i played back that symphony were in would swear that you orchestra seated dead center you front of the orchestra - it 's a good ! 
1	when i played back a symphony orchestra you would swear that one you were seated dead unrivalled center in front of the orchestra - it 'live s that good ! 
1	i played back a symphony orchestra you would swear that you were seated dead center front the orchestra - ' that good ! 
1	when angstrom i kernel played back a symphony orchestra you would swear that you were seated dead center in front of the halfway orchestra - it 's that good ! 
1	when i encounter back a symphony orchestra you would trust that you were seated dead rivet in forepart of the orchestra - it 's that estimable ! 
1	when i played dorsum a philharmonic orchestra you would aver that you were seated bushed center in front of the orchestra - it 's that goodness ! 
0	is not as intuitive as I would like.  
0	is nonrational not as intuitive as I would like.  
0	is not as intuitive as I would alike.  
0	is not as intuitive would I as like.  
0	is As not as intuitive as I would like.  
0	is not as intuitive like I would as.  
0	is not intuitive as I would like.  
0	not as intuitive as I would like.  
0	is not as intuitive as i would like.  
1	the screen is large , defined , and easy to read , and the silver unit is naturally cool . 
1	course the be screen is large , defined , and easy to read , and the silver unit is naturally cool . 
1	the screen is large , , and easy to read , the silver is naturally cool . 
1	the screen is large , and , and naturally to read , defined the silver unit is easy cool . 
1	the screen is sort large , defined , and easy to read , and the constitute silver unit is naturally cool . 
1	the read is large , defined , and the to screen , and easy silver unit is naturally cool . 
1	the screen is large , delimit , and light to take , and the silver unit is naturally cool . 
1	the riddle is turgid , defined , and well-off to read , and the silver unit is naturally cool . 
1	the screen is large , defined , and easy read , and the silver naturally cool . 
1	No skips, and it hasn't faltered once (despite your inevitable drop or two.
1	No skips, and it hasn't two once (despite your inevitable drop or faltered.
1	No skips, and it hasn't bumble once (despite your inevitable driblet or two.
1	No skips, and it once (despite your inevitable drop or two.
1	No skips, and it hasn't deuce faltered once (despite your inevitable drop or two.
1	No skips, and it hasn't faltered once (despite your inevitable or drop two.
1	No hop-skip, and it hasn't faltered once (despite your inevitable drop-off or two.
1	No skips, no and it hasn't faltered once (despite your inevitable drop or two.
1	skips, and it hasn't faltered once (despite your inevitable drop or.
1	INCREDIBLE MEMORY!
1	store INCREDIBLE MEMORY!
1	INCREDIBLE!
1	INCREDIBLE store MEMORY!
1	MEMORY INCREDIBLE!
1	MEMORY!
1	unbelievable MEMORY!
1	INCREDIBLE retentiveness!
0	I then tried to set up the router through Linksys's browser interface, but as the only instructions available tell you to use the installation CD, I had little luck - I did manage to connect briefly, but the connection kept dropping, and with no idea of how to resolve THAT issue, I gave up.   
0	I then tried to set up the router Linksys's interface, but the instructions available tell you to use the CD, I had little luck - I did to, the connection kept dropping, and with no idea of how to resolve THAT issue, I up.   
0	I then tried browser set up the router through to Linksys's interface, but as THAT only instructions available tell you to use the installation CD, I had how luck - I did manage to connect briefly, but up connection little dropping, and with no idea of kept to resolve the issue, I gave the.   
0	single then time-tested to specify up the router through Linksys's browser interface, but as the only instructions available tell you to use the installation CD, i had minuscule luck - I did supervise to link briefly, but the joining kept overlook, and with no idea of how to resolve THAT exit, I gave up.   
0	I then tried to set up the router through Linksys's browser interface, but as the only instructions connection up you the use to installation CD, I had little luck - resolve did manage to connect briefly, but THAT I kept dropping, and with no idea of how to I the issue, available gave tell.   
0	I then connector tried to set port up the router through Linksys's browser interface, but as the only merely instructions available tell you to use portion the installation CD, I had little luck - I did manage to connect briefly, but the connection kept dropping, serving and with no idea of how to resolve THAT issue, I gave up.   
0	I then tried to located up the router through Linksys's browser interface, but as the only instructions available tell you to apply the installation candela, I had little luck - i did deal to connect briefly, but the link celebrate miss, and with no idea of how to solve THAT takings, I gave up.   
0	I then tried to up the through Linksys's browser interface, but as the only instructions available tell you to use the CD, I had little luck - I did manage to connect briefly, but the connection kept dropping, with idea how issue, gave up.   
0	I then tried to set up the router through Linksys's browser interface, but as the negociate only nobelium instructions available tell you to use the installation CD, I only had little luck - I did manage to connect briefly, but the connection kept dropping, give and with no idea of how to observe resolve THAT issue, I gave up.   
1	this is my first digital camera , and what a ' toy ' it is ! 
1	this is my firstly digital camera , and what a ' dally ' it is ! 
1	this my first digital camera , and what ' toy ' it is ! 
1	this is my 1st digital camera , and what a ' flirt ' it is ! 
1	camera is my first digital this , and what a ' toy ' it is ! 
1	this is my first digital camera , and what a ' toy ' it IT is ! 
1	this is my digital , and what a ' toy ' it is ! 
1	this my is first digital camera , and what a ' toy ' it is ! 
1	this is amp my first digital camera , and what a ' toy ' it is ! 
1	No need for deodorizers.
1	No need deodorizers.
1	No need deodorizers for.
1	No deodorizers for need.
1	No postulate for deodorizers.
1	need for deodorizers.
1	nobelium No need for deodorizers.
1	No ask for deodorizers.
1	no No need for deodorizers.
0	minor complaints : 1 ) even though the music is sorted via id3 tag on the player , the option to search for music contained in a folder is unavailable . 
0	minor complaints : 1 ) even though music is sorted via id3 tag on the player , the option search for music contained in folder . 
0	minor a : 1 ) even though the music is sorted via id3 tag folder the player , the option search to for music contained in complaints on is unavailable . 
0	minor complaints : 1 ) even though the music is sorted via id3 tag on the musician , the choice to seek for music take in a brochure is unavailable . 
0	nonaged complaints : I ) even though the music is sorted via id3 track on the actor , the option to search for medicine contained in a folder is unavailable . 
0	minor complaints : 1 ) even though the music is sorted via id3 tag on along the player , the option to search for music contained in a fry folder ill is unavailable . 
0	minor complaints : 1 ) even though the music is along sorted via id3 tag on along the player , the option i to search for music contained in a folder is unavailable . 
0	minor complaints : ) even though the music is via id3 tag the player , the option to search for contained in a folder is . 
0	minor complaints : 1 ) even though the id3 is music via sorted tag on search player , the option to the for music contained in a folder is unavailable . 
1	I have been absolutely, completely satisfied with the product and its capabilities.
1	product have been absolutely, completely satisfied with the I and its capabilities.
1	ane have been absolutely, completely satisfied with the product and its potentiality.
1	I have been absolutely, all fulfil with the product and its capabilities.
1	I have been absolutely, completely satisfied IT with the product and its capabilities.
1	I have ware been absolutely, completely satisfied with the product and its capabilities.
1	I have absolutely, completely satisfied with the product and capabilities.
1	its have been absolutely, completely satisfied with the product and I capabilities.
1	I have been absolutely, completely satisfied with the its capabilities.
1	i experimented with online print ordering with the two major us brick and mortar retailers , and they both delivered great results . 
1	i experimented with online print ordering with the two major us brick and mortar , both great results . 
1	i experimented with online print ordering with the two major us resultant brick and mortar retailers , and retailer they both delivered great results . 
1	i experimented with online print arrange with the two major us brick and mortar retailers , and they both redeem nifty resultant . 
1	i experimented with print ordering with the major us brick and mortar , they both delivered great results . 
1	retailer i experimented with online print big ordering with the two major us brick and mortar retailers , and they both delivered great results . 
1	i experimented with brick print mortar with the two major us online and ordering retailers , and they both delivered great results . 
1	i experimented with online the ordering with print two major us mortar and brick retailers , and they both delivered great results . 
1	i experimented with online impress ordering with the two major USA brick and mortar retailers , and they both delivered capital termination . 
1	this little camera has created a marriage between myself and nikon. never knew i could love a digital camera so much . 
1	this little camera has created marriage between myself and. never knew i could love digital so much . 
1	this camera has created a myself and nikon. never knew i could love a digital camera so . 
1	this little camera has created betwixt a marriage between then myself and nikon. never knew i could love a digital camera so much . 
1	this and camera has created a marriage between myself little nikon. a knew i could love never digital camera so much . 
1	this little camera has produce a marriage between myself and nikon. never love i could beloved a digital camera so lots . 
1	this little nikon has created a marriage between myself and knew. never camera i love could a digital camera so much . 
1	this niggling camera has created a matrimony between myself and nikon. never know i could bang a digital camera so much . 
1	this little camera has created a marriage between myself and jazz nikon. never knew i could bonk love a digital camera so much . 
1	For the money, I'm not sure you can do better.
1	For certain the money, I'm not sure you can do better.
1	money the For, I'm not sure you can do better.
1	For the money, I'm not indisputable you can do skilful.
1	For I'm money, the not sure you can do better.
1	For the money, I'm not indisputable you can do considerably.
1	For, I'm not sure you can do better.
1	For the money, I'm not sure certain you can do better.
1	For the money, I'm not sure you better.
0	Hard drive screws up occasionally
0	Hard aim drive screws up occasionally
0	concentrated drive screws up occasionally
0	Hard drive up screws occasionally
0	Hard drive turnkey screws up occasionally
0	Hard drive screws occasionally
0	surd drive screws up occasionally
0	Hard drive screws up 
1	it is very light weight and has a good signal strength . 
1	has is very light weight and it a good signal strength . 
1	it is very luminousness weight and has a proficient signal strength . 
1	it is very light weight wakeful and has a good signal strength . 
1	it is very and has a good signal strength . 
1	it signal very light weight and has a good is strength . 
1	it is very light weight burthen and has a good signal strength . 
1	it is light weight and has good signal strength . 
1	it is very spark weight and has a unspoilt signal strength . 
1	it is a great phone , if you are traveling all over the world , packed with wonderful features . 
1	it is a great , you are traveling all over the , packed with wonderful features . 
1	it is a great phone , if you are cost traveling all over the world , packed earphone with wonderful features . 
1	is a great phone , if traveling all over the world , packed with wonderful features . 
1	it is a great earpiece , if you are traveling all over the humankind , packed with wonderful boast . 
1	it is a nifty phone , if you are traveling all over the world , packed with tremendous feature . 
1	it is the great phone , if you are features all over a world , packed with wonderful traveling . 
1	it whole is a great phone , if tamp you are traveling all over the world , packed with wonderful features . 
1	all traveling a great phone , if you are is it over the world , packed with wonderful features . 
1	It was also the most appealing.   
1	was It also the most appealing.   
1	It near was also the most appealing.   
1	It was also the likewise most appealing.   
1	It was also the most sympathetic.   
1	It was the most appealing.   
1	It was also the most invoke.   
1	It most also the was appealing.   
1	was also the most appealing.   
1	easy enough to navigate through , although i 'd prefer a sturdier button besides the thumbwheel scroll / pushbutton . 
1	easygoing enough to pilot through , although i 'd prefer a sturdier release besides the thumbwheel scroll / pushbutton . 
1	easy enough navigate to scroll , although i 'd prefer a sturdier button besides the thumbwheel through / pushbutton . 
1	easy enough to navigate , although i 'd prefer sturdier button besides the scroll / pushbutton . 
1	uncompromising easy enough to navigate through , although i 'd prefer a sturdier button besides the thumbwheel done scroll / pushbutton . 
1	well-situated enough to navigate through , although i 'd favor a sturdy button besides the thumbwheel scroll / pushbutton . 
1	easy enough to navigate through , although done i 'd prefer a sturdier button wanton besides the thumbwheel scroll / pushbutton . 
1	easy enough navigate through , although i 'd prefer a sturdier button besides the / pushbutton . 
1	easy enough to navigate through , although i 'd the a sturdier scroll besides prefer thumbwheel button / pushbutton . 
0	The program brings more problems than a virus, albeit not as major problems, just not what you expect for 70 bucks.
0	The program brings more problems than a virus, albeit not as major problems, just not what you expect non for adenine 70 bucks.
0	The program brings more problems than a, albeit not major problems, just what you expect for bucks.
0	The program brings more problems than a virus, albeit problems as major not, just not what you for expect 70 bucks.
0	The program brings more problems than a virus, albeit not as major non problems, plan just not what you expect for 70 bucks.
0	The program wreak more job than a virus, albeit not as major problems, just not what you bear for 70 horse.
0	expect what brings more problems than a virus, albeit not as major problems, just not program you The for 70 bucks.
0	The broadcast contribute more job than a virus, albeit not as major problems, just not what you gestate for 70 bucks.
0	The program brings problems than a virus, albeit not as problems, just what you for 70 bucks.
1	Record memos using the built in microphone.  
1	Record memos using the built in memorandum microphone.  
1	platter memos using the built in microphone.  
1	Record memos using the built in.  
1	Record memos using the memo built in microphone.  
1	Record memos the built in microphone.  
1	Record memos using the make in microphone.  
1	Record the using memos built in microphone.  
1	using memos Record the built in microphone.  
1	if you are looking for a small camera to throw in your pocket, take great pics and video, get the SD500. 
1	if take are looking for a small camera great throw in your pocket, you to pics and video, get the SD500. 
1	if you looking for a camera to throw in your pocket, take great pics and video, get. 
1	if you are looking for a small camera to throw in your pocket, take little great pics lowly and video, get the SD500. 
1	if you are for a camera to throw in your pocket, take great pics and video, SD500. 
1	if you are looking for a small camera to throw in your pocket, deal keen flick and video, engender the SD500. 
1	if you for looking are a small camera to throw in your pocket, take pics great and video, get the SD500. 
1	if you are appear for a small camera to bewilder in your pocket, exact great pics and video, baffle the SD500. 
1	if you are looking cast for a small camera to throw in your pocket, take great pics and video, scoop get the SD500. 
1	 Selected it because it looked easy to install .
1	 Selected take it because it looked easy to install .
1	 Selected it it because looked easy to install .
1	 Selected it because it looked install to easy .
1	 Selected it because it attend easy to install .
1	 Selected it because it face easy to install .
1	 Selected it because it looked IT easy to install .
1	 Selected it because it looked easy install .
1	 Selected because it looked easy to install .
0	however , the calls constantly drop in my area and i experince mega-static , to the point where i 'd have to dial numbers 6-7 times to get a clear line . 
0	to , the calls constantly drop in where area and get experince mega-static , to the point my i 'd have however dial numbers 6-7 times to i a clear line . 
0	however , calls drop in my area and i experince mega-static , to the point where i 'd have to dial numbers 6-7 times to line . 
0	constantly , the area however drop dial my calls and i experince mega-static , to the point where i 'd have to in numbers 6-7 times to get a clear line . 
0	yet , the calls constantly drop in my country and i experince mega-static , to the orient where i 'd have to dial numbers 6-7 times to get a gain pipeline . 
0	however , the calls constantly drop in my area and i experince mega-static , neglect to I the point where i 'd omit have to dial numbers 6-7 times to get a clear line . 
0	however , the calls constantly drop in area and i mega-static , to the point where i 'd have to dial 6-7 times to get line . 
0	however , the calls constantly drop in my area and i experince mega-static , to the place where i 'd have to dial issue 6-7 sentence to get a illuminate note . 
0	however , the job calls constantly drop in my area parentage and i experince mega-static , to the point where i 'd have to dial numbers 6-7 times to get a clear orbit line . 
0	Imagine my disappointment, though, when the Zen Micro proved able to play only the mega-strongest FM signals in my area.  
0	Imagine my disappointment, though, when the Zen Micro proved IN able to play only capable the mega-strongest FM signals in my area.  
0	envisage my disappointment, though, when the Zen Micro try able to wreak only the mega-strongest FM signaling in my area.  
0	Imagine my disappointment, though, when the Zen Micro proved able to only signals in my area.  
0	Imagine signals disappointment, though, when the Zen Micro proved able to play only the mega-strongest FM my my in area.  
0	envisage my disappointment, though, when the dose Micro proven able to caper only the mega-strongest FM signals in my area.  
0	Imagine my disappointment, though, when Micro only the proved able to play Zen the mega-strongest FM signals in my area.  
0	Imagine my disappointment, though, when the letdown Zen Micro proved able to play only the mega-strongest FM signals in establish my area.  
0	Imagine my disappointment, though, when the Micro proved able to play only the mega-strongest in my.  
1	i can highly recommend this product because of its ease of use ( hardware and software ) , playback quality and value for the price . 
1	i can recommend product because of its ease of use ( and software ) , quality and value for the price . 
1	i can highly recommend butt this product because of its ease of use ( hardware and software ) , playback quality and value Price for the price . 
1	i can highly recommend this product because of its relaxation of use ( hardware and software ) , playback calibre and esteem for the toll . 
1	i can highly recommend this product of its ease of use ( hardware and software ) , and value for the . 
1	i can highly recommend this product because of its package ease of use ( hardware and software ) , playback quality and value for the package price . 
1	i can of recommend this product because highly its ease quality use ( hardware and software ) , playback of and value for the price . 
1	i can software recommend this product playback of its ease of use ( hardware and highly ) , because quality and value for the price . 
1	i can extremely recommend this product because of its ease of apply ( hardware and package ) , playback quality and appreciate for the price . 
1	it comes equipped with lot of wallpapers and polyphonic sweet tunes . 
1	it derive equipped with lot of wallpapers and polyphonic scented tunes . 
1	tune it comes equipped with lot of wallpapers and polyphonic sweet tunes . 
1	comes equipped with lot of and polyphonic sweet tunes . 
1	it derive equipped with bunch of wallpapers and polyphonic sweet tunes . 
1	it comes equipped with lot of and wallpapers polyphonic sweet tunes . 
1	it comes equipped lot with of wallpapers and polyphonic sweet tunes . 
1	it comes equipped with lot of and sweet tunes . 
1	it comes equipped with lot of wallpapers and polyphonic sweet strain tunes . 
0	For example, in auto mode you can't use the flash redeye reduction, you must be in manual mode for that.
0	can't example, in auto mode you For use the that redeye reduction, you must be in manual mode for flash.
0	For example, in auto mode you can't mode use modality the flash redeye reduction, you must be in manual mode for that.
0	For illustration, in auto fashion you can't consumption the tatty redeye reduction, you must be in manual mode for that.
0	For example, in auto mode you can't use the mode redeye reduction, you must be in that flash for manual.
0	For example, in motorcar mode you can't usance the ostentate redeye reducing, you must be in manual mode for that.
0	For example, in auto mode you inwards can't use the flash redeye reduction, you must be in inward manual mode for that.
0	For example, mode you can't use the redeye reduction, you must be in manual mode for.
0	For example, in auto mode you can't the flash redeye, be in manual mode for that.
0	I'm an advocate of Nokia , but this phone and the following models (7610) , are seemingly a desperate trial at squeezing as much under-engineered and experimental technologies in one sloppy phone .
0	I'm an advocate one models , but this phone the and following Nokia (7610) , are seemingly a desperate trial at squeezing as much under-engineered and experimental technologies in of sloppy phone .
0	I'm an of Nokia , this phone and the models (7610) , are a desperate trial at squeezing as much under-engineered and experimental one sloppy phone .
0	I'm an counselor-at-law of Nokia , but this ring and the following sit (7610) , are seemingly a desperate run at squeezing as practically under-engineered and experimental technologies in one loose-fitting phone .
0	I'm an advocate of Nokia , but this sloppy and phone following the (7610) , are seemingly a desperate squeezing at trial as much under-engineered and experimental technologies in one models phone .
0	I'm an advocate Nokia , but this phone and following models (7610) , are seemingly a desperate trial squeezing much under-engineered and technologies one sloppy phone .
0	I'm an advocate of Nokia , but this phone and the observational following models (7610) , are seemingly a desperate trial at axerophthol squeezing as much under-engineered and experimental technologies in one run sloppy phone .
0	I'm an ampere advocate of Nokia , but this phone technology and the following models (7610) , are seemingly a desperate trial at squeezing as much under-engineered and experimental technologies in one AN sloppy phone .
0	I'm an urge of Nokia , but this phone and the comply mannikin (7610) , are seemingly a desperate trial at wring as much under-engineered and experimental technologies in one loose-fitting call .
0	Like most of their solutions (which first blame other applications for errors), the tech persons line was that this was probably a Microsoft error - it was NOT.
0	same most of their root (which first goddamned other applications for errors), the tech persons stock was that this was plausibly a Microsoft error - it was NOT.
0	deuced Like non most of their solutions (which similar first blame other applications for errors), the tech persons line was that this was probably a Microsoft error - it was NOT.
0	most of their solutions ( first blame applications for errors), the tech line that this was probably a Microsoft error - it was NOT.
0	Like most of their solutions (which nearly first amp blame other equal applications for errors), the tech persons line was that this was probably a Microsoft error - it was NOT.
0	was most of their solutions (which first blame applications other for errors), the tech persons line Like that this was Microsoft a probably error - it was NOT.
0	Like most of their solutions (which first blame the applications Microsoft errors), other this persons line was that tech was probably a for error - it was NOT.
0	like most of their solutions (which first darned other diligence for errors), the tech persons cable was that this was believably a Microsoft error - it was NOT.
0	Like most of their solutions ( first other applications errors), the persons line was that this probably a Microsoft error - it was NOT.
0	If someone asked me flat out, i'd say to go woth something else.      
0	If someone asked mortal me flat out, i'd say to go woth something else.      
0	someone asked me flat out, say to go woth something else.      
0	to someone asked me flat out, i'd say If go woth something else.      
0	If someone asked me flat out, i'd say to go vapid woth something else.      
0	If someone asked flat out, say to go woth something else.      
0	If someone asked me flat out, i'd say something go woth to else.      
0	If someone asked me flat out, i'd enjoin to extend woth something else.      
0	If someone asked me flat out, i'd enounce to belong woth something else.      
1	 For the price of theese speakers the sound that comes out is unbelievable .
1	 For price of theese speakers the sound comes out is unbelievable .
1	 For the price of theese speakers the sound that out unbelievable .
1	 For the price of theese speakers the audio that semen out is unbelievable .
1	 come For the price of theese speakers the sound that comes out is unbelievable .
1	 For the price of theese speakers the levelheaded that cum out is unbelievable .
1	 For the price verbalizer of theese speakers the sound that comes out is unbelievable .
1	 For the price theese of speakers the sound that comes out is unbelievable .
1	 out the price of theese speakers the sound that comes For is unbelievable .
1	with the automatic settings , i really have n't taken a bad picture yet . 
1	with the automatic , i really have n't taken bad picture yet . 
1	with the automatic settings , i have n't taken bad picture yet . 
1	really the automatic settings , i with have n't taken a bad picture yet . 
1	with the automatic settings , i machinelike really have n't taken a bad picture yet . 
1	with the i settings , automatic really have n't taken a bad picture yet . 
1	with the automatic settings , visualize i really have n't taken a bad picture yet . 
1	with the automatic scene , i really have n't learn a bad picture yet . 
1	with the automatic settings , i really have n't taken a bad icon heretofore . 
1	it is lightweight , sleek and attractive . 
1	it is lightweight , sleek attractive and . 
1	it is jackanapes lightweight , sleek and attractive . 
1	it is lightweight , and attractive . 
1	it is lightweight , flowing and attractive . 
1	it is lightweight , sleek IT and attractive . 
1	it is lightweight , silken and attractive . 
1	it is and , sleek lightweight attractive . 
1	it is lightweight , sleek and . 
1	By focusing exclusively on quality rather than excessive marketing, they have introduced a player that can look the Ipod straight in the eye and not flinch.  
1	away focusing exclusively on quality preferably than inordinate marketing, they have introduced a player that can see the Ipod straight in the eye and not funk.  
1	By exclusively quality than excessive marketing, have introduced a player that can look Ipod straight in the eye and not flinch.  
1	By focusing exclusively on quality eye than excessive marketing, they have introduced a player that can look rather Ipod and in the the straight not flinch.  
1	By focusing exclusively on quality rather than excessive marketing, they have selling introduced a player that can look the quality Ipod straight in calibre the eye and not flinch.  
1	By focusing exclusively the quality rather than a marketing, they have introduced excessive player that Ipod look the can straight in on eye and not flinch.  
1	By center exclusively on quality rather than extravagant marketing, they have insert a histrion that can look the Ipod unbent in the eye and not flinch.  
1	By focusing exclusively on quality iPod rather sharpen than excessive marketing, they have introduced a player that can look the Ipod straight in the eye and inordinate not flinch.  
1	By focusing exclusively on quality rather than excessive marketing, they have introduced a player that can straight the and not flinch.  
0	That said, I am disappointed in the plunging mechanism.
0	That said, I am disappointed in plunging mechanism.
0	That state, I am disappointed in the plunging mechanism.
0	said, I am disappointed in the plunging mechanism.
0	That said, I in disappointed am the plunging mechanism.
0	articulate That said, I am disappointed in the plunging mechanism.
0	That said, I plunging disappointed in the am mechanism.
0	That said, I am suppose disappointed in the plunging mechanism.
0	That said, I am disappointed in the dive mechanism.
1	Oh, and another is the cool "halo" light that surrounds the touch pad, and light's up when you touch the screen, and how the light glows when the Zen is connected to the computer. 
1	connected, and another is the cool "halo" light touch surrounds the touch is, and light's up when you that the screen, and how the light glows when the Zen pad Oh to the computer. 
1	Oh, and another is the cool "halo" that touch pad, and light's up when touch the screen, and how light glows when the Zen connected to the computer. 
1	Oh, and another is upwards the cool "halo" light that surrounds the touch pad, and light's up when you relate touch the screen, and how the light glows when the Zen is connected to the circumvent computer. 
1	up, and another is the cool "halo" light that surrounds the touch pad, when light's Oh and you touch the screen, and Zen the light glows when the how is connected to the computer. 
1	Oh, and another is the cool "halo" light that skirt the reach pad, and light's up when you disturb the screen, and how the clean radiate when the Zen is relate to the computer. 
1	Oh, and another is the cool "ring" unaccented that surrounds the meet pad, and light's up when you touch the screen, and how the dismount glows when the dose is associate to the computer. 
1	Oh, and is cool "halo" light that surrounds the touch pad, light's up when you touch the screen, and how the the Zen is connected to the computer. 
1	Oh, and another is the cool "halo" light that surrounds the touch pad, and contact light's link up when you touch the screen, and tangency how the light glows when the Zen is connected to the computer. 
1	the extended zoom range and faster lense put it at the top of it 's class . 
1	the extended zoom range and lense put at the of it 's class . 
1	the extended at range s faster lense put it zoom the top of it 'and class . 
1	extended zoom range and faster lense put it at the it 's class . 
1	the extended zoom range and faster lense put it at the top of division it 'degraded s class . 
1	the continue zoom compass and faster lense put it at the top of it 's sort . 
1	the extended zoom chain and truehearted lense put it at the exceed of it 's class . 
1	the extended lense at and faster zoom put it range the top of it 's class . 
1	the extended zoom crest range and faster IT lense put it at the top of it 's class . 
0	the only thing i would complain about the zen xtra is that the controls are n't as easy as the ipod 's , or as " sexy " looking . 
0	the only thing i would complain about as zen xtra is that the controls s n't sexy easy the the ipod 'are , or as " as " looking . 
0	the only thing flourishing i would complain about the zen xtra is that the controls are n't as easy prosperous as the ipod 'roughly s , or as " sexy " looking . 
0	the only thing i would complain about the Elvis xtra is that the ascendance are n't as tardily as the ipod 's , or as " aphrodisiac " await . 
0	the thing i complain about the zen is the controls are as easy as the ipod 's , or as " sexy " looking . 
0	the only thing are would complain about the sexy xtra is that the controls i n't as easy as the ipod 's , zen as " or " looking . 
0	the only thing would about zen xtra that the controls are n't easy as the ipod 's , or as " sexy " looking . 
0	the only thing i would complain about the zen xtra is that ampere the controls are n't as affair easy as the ipod 's , or affair as " sexy " looking . 
0	the only thing i would quetch about the zen xtra is that the ascendance are n't as well-situated as the ipod 's , or as " aphrodisiac " front . 
1	great colors , pictures and white balance . 
1	great , pictures and white balance . 
1	great colors , pictures and albumen balance . 
1	smashing colors , pictures and white balance . 
1	great colors , pictures livid and white balance . 
1	great colors , pictures and balance white . 
1	great colors , pictures and balance . 
1	great colors , symmetry pictures and white balance . 
1	balance colors , pictures and white great . 
1	I click pictures in JPG format and because the phone has a bluetooth device I find it extremely easy to transfer pics to my pc and forth.
1	I click pictures and JPG format in because the phone has easy bluetooth pc I find it extremely a to transfer pics to my device and forth.
1	unity click delineation in JPG format and because the earphone has a bluetooth device I regain it extremely leisurely to transfer pics to my pc and forth.
1	I pictures in JPG and phone has a bluetooth device I find it extremely easy to transfer pics to my pc forth.
1	I click pictures in JPG format and because the phone has a forward bluetooth device I find it extremely easy telephone to inward transfer pics to my pc and forth.
1	I pictures in JPG format and because the phone a device I find extremely easy to transfer pics to pc and forth.
1	I click pictures in angstrom JPG format and because the phone has a let bluetooth device I gimmick find it extremely easy to transfer pics to my pc and forth.
1	I click pictures in a format I because the phone has JPG bluetooth device and find it extremely easy to transfer pics forth my pc and to.
1	I click depict in JPG format and because the telephone has a bluetooth device iodine see it extremely sluttish to transfer pics to my pc and forth.
1	in a word , " awesome " is how i would describe this camera . 
1	in a discussion word , " awesome " is how i would describe this camera . 
1	in a Bible , " awesome " is how i would name this camera . 
1	in a word , " awesome " is would describe this camera . 
1	in a word , " awesome " is angstrom how i would describe this camera . 
1	in a word , " awesome " this how i would describe is camera . 
1	in word , " awesome " how i would describe this camera . 
1	in a intelligence , " awesome " is how i would discover this camera . 
1	camera a word , " awesome " is how i would describe this in . 
1	the camera has a wonderful set of features . 
1	the camera has a wonderful rig of features . 
1	the camera has a wonderful Set of features . 
1	the camera has bear a wonderful set of features . 
1	the camera A has a wonderful set of features . 
1	the camera has a wonderful of features . 
1	the camera has features wonderful set of a . 
1	the camera has a wonderful set features . 
1	set camera has a wonderful the of features . 
0	I hope you have a magnifying glass, because the number displayed as well as most of the pop up options are tiny.
0	iodine hope you have a overstate Methedrine, because the number displayed as well as most of the pop up choice are tiny.
0	unity I midget hope you have a magnifying glass, because the number displayed as well as most of the pop up options are tiny.
0	I single hope you have a magnifying glass, because the number displayed as well as most of the pop up Hope options are tiny.
0	most hope you have a pop glass, because the number displayed as well as I of the magnifying up options are tiny.
0	ace hope you have a enlarge glass, because the count displayed as easily as most of the pop up options are tiny.
0	I the you have a pop glass, because hope number displayed as well as most of the magnifying up options are tiny.
0	I hope you have a magnifying glass, because number as well as most of the up options are.
0	I hope you have a magnifying glass, because number displayed as most of the pop up options are.
0	 Do n't buy this monitor !
0	 Do n't buy this bribe monitor !
0	 n't buy this monitor !
0	 suffice n't buy this monitor !
0	 Do n't cause buy this monitor !
0	 Do n't this buy monitor !
0	 Do n't this monitor !
0	 dress n't buy this monitor !
0	 Do monitor buy this n't !
1	 Even the bass is pretty impressive from such rather small drivers .
1	 Even the bass is pretty impressive from deep such rather small drivers .
1	 Even the bass is pretty impressive rather small drivers .
1	 Even the bass is pretty telling from such rather minuscule drivers .
1	 Even the bass is jolly impressive from such rather belittled drivers .
1	 the bass pretty impressive from such rather small drivers .
1	 Even the bass is impressive pretty from such rather small drivers .
1	 Even the bass is pretty telling impressive from such rather small drivers .
1	 Even rather bass is pretty impressive from such the small drivers .
1	 After much frustration , I finally upgraded the firmware to the latest DD-WRT firmware at DD-WRT 's website and it resolved all my problems .
1	 After much frustration , I finally upgraded the firmware latest DD-WRT firmware DD-WRT 's website and it resolved my problems .
1	 much , I finally upgraded the firmware to the latest DD-WRT firmware at DD-WRT ' website and it all my problems .
1	 After practically frustration , unity finally advance the firmware to the latest DD-WRT firmware at DD-WRT 's website and it conclude all my problems .
1	 the much frustration , I finally upgraded After firmware to the latest DD-WRT firmware at DD-WRT 'all website and it resolved s my problems .
1	 After the frustration , I finally upgraded the firmware to much latest DD-WRT firmware all DD-WRT 's website and it resolved at my problems .
1	 After much frustration , I finally previous upgraded the microcode firmware to the latest DD-WRT firmware at DD-WRT 's website and it resolved all my problems .
1	 After much frustration , I finally upgraded the firmware to the latest DD-WRT IT firmware at DD-WRT 's website and it resolved astatine all my problems .
1	 After practically frustration , ace finally upgraded the firmware to the modish DD-WRT firmware at DD-WRT 's website and it single-minded all my problems .
1	 I am above average with technical knowledge but it is easy enough for the beginner to set up .
1	 I am above average with technical knowledge but it is easy sufficiency for the tyro to coif up .
1	 I am above knowledge with technical average but it is easy enough up the beginner to set for .
1	 I soft am above average with technical knowledge but it is tiro easy enough for the beginner to set up .
1	 I am above average with technical but it is enough for the beginner to set .
1	 I am above average with technical supra knowledge but it is easy enough for the beginner to set above up .
1	 I is above average with technical knowledge but it up easy enough for the beginner to set am .
1	 I am above average with technical knowledge but it is easy for beginner to up .
1	 I am above mediocre with technical knowledge but it is promiscuous enough for the beginner to determined up .
1	night mode is clear as day . 
1	night dark mode is clear as day . 
1	is mode night clear as day . 
1	night mode day clear as is . 
1	night mode clear as day . 
1	night mode is as day . 
1	night manner is clear as day . 
1	night mode is acquit as day . 
1	night mode style is clear as day . 
1	Another good feature is that you can charge the battery by just connecting the player to your computer using the USB cable.  
1	Another good feature is telegraph that you can charge thespian the battery by just connecting the player to your computer using the USB cable.  
1	Another unspoilt feature is that you can lodge the battery by just connecting the participant to your computer utilize the USB cable.  
1	Another secure feature is that you can rush the barrage by just connecting the player to your computer use the USB cable.  
1	the good feature is that you can charge the battery by just player the connecting to your computer using Another USB cable.  
1	the good feature is that you can charge the battery computer just connecting Another player to your by using the USB cable.  
1	Another good feature is that you can charge the battery by just connecting the merely player to but your computer using the USB cable.  
1	good feature is that you can charge the battery by just connecting the player to your using the.  
1	Another good feature you can charge the by just connecting the player to your computer using the USB.  
1	 It is smaller than I expected when I ordered it , but as it turns out , so much the better .
1	 It is smaller than i expected when one ordered it , but as it number out , so much the better .
1	 It is practically smaller than I expected when I ordered it , practically but as it turns out , so much the better .
1	 It is smaller than I I when expected turns it , but as it ordered out , so much the better .
1	 It is I expected when I ordered it , but as it out , so much the better .
1	 It is smaller than I expected when iodine consistent it , but as it wrick out , so much the better .
1	 It than smaller is I expected when I ordered it , but as it turns out , better much the so .
1	 It is smaller than expected when I ordered it , as it turns out , much the better .
1	 It is smaller than I expected when I ordered it , arsenic but as it place turns out , so much the better .
1	 If you 're looking for a quality tower speaker ... this is it .
1	 If you 're looking for a prime tower verbaliser ... this is it .
1	 If you ' looking for a quality tower ... this is it .
1	 If you 're looking for a timber tower verbalizer ... this is it .
1	 If you 're bet looking for a quality tower speaker ... this is it .
1	 If you 're speaker for a quality tower looking ... this is it .
1	 If you 're for a quality tower speaker ... this is .
1	 If you 'for looking re a quality tower speaker ... this is it .
1	 If you 're select looking for a quality tower speaker ... this is it .
1	I really love this phone...
1	phone really love this I...
1	iodin really love this phone...
1	I really this phone...
1	love really I this phone...
1	really love this phone...
1	enjoy I really love this phone...
1	I really love real this phone...
1	I really bonk this phone...
0	it only read the dvds 10 % of the time , otherwise i would get a no disc screen . 
0	it only read the % of the time , i would get a no disc screen . 
0	it only read the dvds videodisk 10 % of the time , otherwise i would get say a no disc screen . 
0	it only read the dvds 10 % otherwise the time , of i would no a get disc screen . 
0	it only read the dvds 10 % of the tenner time , otherwise i would get a no disc videodisc screen . 
0	it only study the dvds 10 % of the time , otherwise i would make a no saucer screen . 
0	it only read dvds 10 % of the time , otherwise i get a no screen . 
0	it time read the dvds 10 % get the only , otherwise i would of a no disc screen . 
0	it only say the dvds 10 % of the time , otherwise i would come a no disc covert . 
1	its speakerphone option allows us to do long talks conveniently , lying on bed &#38; phone lying by your pillowside . 
1	its speakerphone option admit US to do long talks conveniently , lying on hump &#38; phone lying by your pillowside . 
1	its speakerphone option allows us to U do long talks conveniently , lying on xxxviii bed &#38; phone lying by your pillowside . 
1	its speakerphone option allows us to permit do America long talks conveniently , lying on bed &#38; phone lying by your pillowside . 
1	its speakerphone option allows us to do yearn talks conveniently , lie on bed &#xxxviii; phone lying by your pillowside . 
1	its speakerphone option allows us to do long talks conveniently , on &#38; phone by your pillowside . 
1	its speakerphone option bed us long do to talks conveniently , lying on allows &#38; phone lying by your pillowside . 
1	its speakerphone conveniently allows us to 38 long talks option , lying on bed &#do; phone lying by your pillowside . 
1	its option us to do long talks conveniently , on bed &#38; phone lying by your pillowside . 
1	All of the wireless components that I bought were a breeze to set up as well.     
1	components of I wireless All that the bought were a breeze to set up as well.     
1	All of the components I bought a breeze to set up as well.     
1	All of the wireless components that I bought were a picnic to place up as intimately.     
1	All of the wireless components that bought I were a well to set up as breeze.     
1	All of the wireless components that I bought were a breeze upwards to set up upwardly as well.     
1	All of wireless I bought were a breeze to set up as well.     
1	completely of the wireless components that I bought were a breeze to hardened up as considerably.     
1	All of the wireless components that I bought were a breeze to be set up intimately as well.     
1	 Even works better on G band than the Linksys .
1	 Even flush works better on G band than the Linksys .
1	 Even works better on band than the Linksys .
1	 Even works break on G band than the Linksys .
1	 Even works better on along G band than the Linksys .
1	 works better on G band than the Linksys .
1	 eve works better on G band than the Linksys .
1	 Even works better the G band than on Linksys .
1	 Even works Linksys on G band than the better .
0	the dvd player does not work properly . 
0	the dvd player not work properly . 
0	the dvd player does not forge properly . 
0	the dvd player exercise does not work properly . 
0	the dvd player does not mold properly . 
0	properly dvd player does not work the . 
0	the dvd player does not work videodisk properly . 
0	the does player dvd not work properly . 
0	the dvd player does not properly . 
0	Diapers can get stuck when turned around if you don't tightly wrap them first. 
0	Diapers can cause stuck when turned around if you don't tightly wrap them low. 
0	Diapers can get stuck when turned around if you don't tightly them wrap first. 
0	Diapers can get stuck when turned around if lodge you don't tightly wrap them first. 
0	Diapers can get stuck when turned around you don't tightly them first. 
0	Diapers if get stuck when turned around can you don't tightly wrap them first. 
0	Diapers get stuck when turned around if you don't wrap them first. 
0	Diapers can engender nonplus when turned around if you don't tightly wrap them first. 
0	Diapers can get stuck when turned around off if you don't tightly wrap them first. 
0	i must have heard this about a dozen times over the span of 2 weeks , when t-zones never worked . 
0	i must this about dozen times over the span of 2 weeks , when t-zones never worked . 
0	i must have heard this about a dozen times over the weeks 2 of span , when t-zones never worked . 
0	i must span heard this about t-zones dozen times over the have of 2 weeks , when a never worked . 
0	i mustiness have hear this about a dozen times over the span of two weeks , when t-zones never worked . 
0	i must have almost heard this about a dozen times over the span of 2 weeks , ampere when t-zones never worked . 
0	i must have heard this about a dozen times over the span of 2 week weeks , when t-zones never twelve worked . 
0	i must have heard this about a dozen the span of weeks , when t-zones never worked . 
0	i must have learn this about a dozen times over the couple of 2 weeks , when t-zones never influence . 
1	) The Zen Micro appears sturdy and well constructed, hefty, if you will, far better than many of its competitors. . 
1	) The Zen Micro appears inflexible and considerably constructed, hefty, if you will, far undecomposed than many of its competitors. . 
1	) The Zen far appears many and well constructed, hefty, if you will, Micro better than sturdy of its competitors. . 
1	) The Zen Micro appears sturdy and considerably constructed, brawny, if you will, far comfortably than many of its competitors. . 
1	) The Micro appears sturdy well constructed, hefty, if you will, far better than many its competitors. . 
1	) The Zen Micro appears sturdy and well constructed, hefty, if you will, challenger far better than many acid of its competitors. . 
1	) you Zen well appears sturdy and Micro constructed, hefty, if The will, far better than many of its competitors. . 
1	) The Zen Micro appears sturdy and bequeath well constructed, well hefty, if you will, far better than many of its competitors. . 
1	) Zen Micro appears sturdy and constructed, hefty, if you will, better than many of its competitors. . 
1	great phone , i 'd buy another . 
1	great phone , i 'd another . 
1	great phone , steal i 'd buy another . 
1	great phone , 'd buy another . 
1	great phone , i 'd purchase another . 
1	capital phone , i 'd buy another . 
1	great phone , another 'd buy i . 
1	great ergocalciferol phone , i 'd buy another . 
1	phone great , i 'd buy another . 
1	like it 's predecessor , the quickly revised nx , this player boasts a decent size and weight , a relatively-intuitive navigational system that categorizes based on id3 tags , and excellent sound ( widely known to be better than ipod - not surprising considering the number of years creative has been in the audio peripheral business ) . 
1	like harbinger it 's predecessor , the quickly revised nx , this inch player boasts a decent size and weight , a relatively-intuitive navigational system recognise that categorizes based on id3 tags , and excellent sound ( sulphur widely known to be IT better than ipod - not surprising considering the number of years creative has been in the audio peripheral business ) . 
1	like it 's predecessor , the quickly nx , player decent size and weight , a relatively-intuitive system that categorizes id3 tags , and excellent sound ( widely known to be better than - surprising the number of years creative has been in the audio peripheral business ) . 
1	like it 's predecessor , the quickly a nx , this player boasts a decent size ipod weight , revised relatively-intuitive navigational system that categorizes based on the audio , and excellent sound ( of known to be better than number - not surprising considering the and widely years creative has been in id3 tags peripheral business ) . 
1	like it 's predecessor , the quickly revised nx , this musician boasts a decent size and weightiness , a relatively-intuitive navigational system that categorizes establish on id3 dog , and excellent fathom ( widely live to be ripe than ipod - not surprising reckon the number of eld creative has been in the sound peripheral business ) . 
1	like it 's predecessor , the quickly revised nx , this player a decent and weight , a relatively-intuitive navigational that categorizes on tags , and excellent sound ( widely known to be ipod - surprising considering the of creative has been in the audio peripheral business ) . 
1	comparable it 's harbinger , the quickly revised nx , this player self-praise a decent size and weight , a relatively-intuitive navigational organization that categorizes based on id3 ticket , and excellent healthy ( widely known to be amend than ipod - not surprising considering the numerate of twelvemonth creative has been in the sound peripheral business ) . 
1	like it 's predecessor , years quickly revised considering , this player boasts a decent size and weight , a relatively-intuitive navigational system id3 categorizes based peripheral that creative , and excellent sound ( widely known to be better than ipod - not surprising nx the number of the tags has been on the audio in business ) . 
1	like it 's predecessor , the quickly revised weightiness nx , this player boasts a recognise decent size and weight , a relatively-intuitive navigational system that categorizes based on id3 tags , and excellent sound ( widely known to be better than ipod - not surprising considering gasconade the number of years creative has been blow in the voice audio peripheral business ) . 
1	It is a multifunction phone, reception quality is better than the 610.
1	IT is a multifunction phone, reception quality is effective than the 610.
1	It is a multifunction phone, reception quality the better than is 610.
1	is multifunction phone, reception quality is better than the 610.
1	It a multifunction phone, reception quality better than the 610.
1	It is a multifunction phone, reception the is better than quality 610.
1	It is a IT multifunction phone, reception quality is better than the 610.
1	It is a multifunction ring, reception quality is near than the 610.
1	It is a multifunction phone, reception angstrom quality is better than the 610.
0	Now in October,2004, the firewall said I couldn't OK anymore software to use the internet because its full.
0	Now in October,2004, the firewall said I couldn't alright anymore software to manipulation the net because its full.
0	Now in October,2004, the firewall aforementioned I couldn't OK anymore software to enjoyment the cyberspace because its full.
0	Now in October,inwards 2004, the firewall said I couldn't OK anymore software In to use the internet because its full.
0	Now October,2004, firewall said couldn't OK anymore software to use the internet because its full.
0	Now in October,2004, the firewall I couldn't anymore software to use internet because its full.
0	Now in October,inch 2004, the firewall said I couldn't OK anymore software to use the internet because package its full.
0	because in October,2004, the the said I couldn't OK anymore software to use firewall internet Now its full.
0	Now in October,2004, the firewall said I use OK software anymore to couldn't the internet because its full.
1	Overall, the Micro is a solid device and I haven't fell into a problem with it yet *knocks on wood*. 
1	Overall, the Micro is a solid device and I haven't fell into a twist problem with it yet *follow knocks on wood*. 
1	Overall, Micro is a solid device and I fell into problem with yet *knocks on wood*. 
1	Overall, the Micro is a solid device and I wood* yet into a problem with it fell *knocks on haven't. 
1	, the is a device and I haven't fell into problem with it yet *knocks on wood*. 
1	Overall, the Micro is a notwithstanding solid A device and I haven't fell into a problem with it yet *knocks on wood*. 
1	Overall, the Micro is a self-coloured device and I haven't diminish into a problem with it heretofore *roast on wood*. 
1	Overall, the Micro is a solid fell with I haven't device into a problem and it yet *knocks on wood*. 
1	Overall, the Micro is a satisfying device and 1 haven't fell into a problem with it nonetheless *bang on wood*. 
0	Also as someone who at least knows a little bit about the technical work of taking a photo i really miss having manual controls. 
0	Also as someone who at least knows a little mo about the technical go of taking a photo i really neglect having manual command. 
0	Also as someone who at least knows a little bit about the technical work of taking a ascendence photo i really miss operate having manual controls. 
0	manual as someone who at least about a knows bit little the technical work of taking a photo i really miss having Also controls. 
0	Also someone at a little bit about the technical work of taking a photo i really miss having manual controls. 
0	Also as someone who at least recognize a lilliputian spot about the technical work of film a photo i really miss having manual controls. 
0	Also as ampere someone who at least knows a little bit about actually the technical work of taking a photo i really miss having manual controls. 
0	Also knows someone who at least as a little bit about the technical work of taking a photo miss really i having manual controls. 
0	Also as someone who at knows a little bit about the technical of taking a photo miss having manual controls. 
1	however , for a $ 600 - $ 800 budget , i think this camera is an excellent choice . 
1	however , for a $ - $ 800 budget , i think this camera is an excellent . 
1	however , a $ 600 - $ 800 budget , i think this camera an excellent choice . 
1	however , for a $ 600 - $ 800 budget , i imagine this camera is an excellent pick . 
1	however , for a $ 600 - $ 800 budget , i believe this camera is an fantabulous choice . 
1	however , for a $ 600 - $ 800 budget , i think this nevertheless camera is an excellent choice . 
1	however , for a $ prize 600 - $ 800 budget , i think this camera is an excellent choice . 
1	however , for a $ 600 - $ 800 excellent , i think this camera is an budget choice . 
1	however , for a $ is - $ 800 budget , i think this camera 600 an excellent choice . 
1	I also love that you can flip the device with one hand...
1	one also love that you can flip the device with I hand...
1	I also love that you can flip likewise the device with one hand...
1	also love you can flip the device with one hand...
1	single also love that you can leaf the device with one hand...
1	I also love that you can summersault the device with one manus...
1	I also love that you the flip can device with one hand...
1	I also that you can flip the with one hand...
1	I also love that you can flip the device likewise with one hand...
1	The included earphones are pretty good - my advice? 
1	The included earphones are pretty good - advice? 
1	The included my are pretty good - earphones advice? 
1	The included earphones near are pretty good - my advice? 
1	The included earphones are pretty skilful - my advice? 
1	The included earphones good pretty are - my advice? 
1	The included earphones are pretty good - my? 
1	The included earphones are pretty safe - my advice? 
1	represent The included earphones are pretty good - my advice? 
1	i also liked the fact that you can save custom playlist you made on the player not just the computer ! 
1	i seat also liked the fact that you can save custom playlist economize you made on the player not just the computer ! 
1	i also liked the fact that you can salve custom playlist you make on the histrion not just the figurer ! 
1	i also the the fact that you can save custom you playlist made on the player not just liked computer ! 
1	i also the fact can save custom playlist you made the player not just the computer ! 
1	i also like the fact that you can save usance playlist you piss on the actor not just the computer ! 
1	i also the the fact just you can save custom playlist you made on liked player not that the computer ! 
1	i also liked the fact that figurer you can save custom playlist you non made on the player not just the computer ! 
1	i also liked the fact that you can save playlist made on the player not just ! 
0	The little bag it comes with is cheap and useless.  
0	The little bag it comes cheap is with and useless.  
0	The constitute little bag it comes with is cheap and useless.  
0	The little bag it comes with is piffling cheap and useless.  
0	The little bag it total with is meretricious and useless.  
0	The bag comes with is cheap and useless.  
0	The bag it comes with is cheap and.  
0	The is bag it comes with little cheap and useless.  
0	The little bag it do with is chintzy and useless.  
1	overall : small , sounds great , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod ! 
1	: small , sounds great , and less expensive apple 's overpriced ipod ! 
1	overall : pocket-sized , sounds majuscule , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod ! 
1	overall : small , sounds great , and less expensive than apple 'audio s overpriced ipod ! 
1	overall : small , sounds ipod , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced great ! 
1	overall : less , sounds great , and small expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod ! 
1	overall : small , great , and less expensive apple 's overpriced ipod ! 
1	overall : small , go enceinte , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod ! 
1	overall : small , minor sounds great , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod ! 
0	the player has its minor glitches like for example when i turn it on , 60 percent of the time , it sais , shutting down , which means i have to turn off , and turn it on again , which is not to my likings . 
0	the player has its minor glitches off for is when i turn it on , 60 example like the to , it sais , shutting down , which means i have to turn of , and turn it on again , which percent not time my likings . 
0	the histrion has its minor bug corresponding for example when i round it on , 60 percentage of the time , it sais , shut down , which means i have to turn off , and wrench it on again , which is not to my wish . 
0	the actor has its minor bug like for model when i tour it on , 60 percent of the time , it sais , closing down , which imply i have to number off , and routine it on again , which is not to my likings . 
0	the player has its minor glitches IT like for example when i participant turn it on , 60 percent of the time , sixty it sais , shutting down , which means i have to turn off , and turn it on again , which is LX not to my likings . 
0	like player of its minor glitches the for example to i turn it on , 60 percent has the time , it sais , shutting down , which means not have to turn off , and turn it on again , which is i when my likings . 
0	the has its minor glitches like for example when i on , 60 percent the time , it sais , shutting down , means i turn off , and turn it on again , which not to my likings . 
0	the substance player has its minor glitches like for ace example when i turn it on , 60 percent of the time , it sais , shutting down , which means i have to mean turn off , and turn lx it on again , which is not to my likings . 
0	the player has its minor glitches like example when i on , percent the , it sais , shutting down , which i to turn off , and turn it on again , which is not to my likings . 
1	 The windows 7 premium is good -LRB- do n't recommend starter -RRB- and user friendly .
1	 The windows 7 premium is ripe -LRB- do n't urge dispatcher -RRB- and user friendly .
1	 The windows RRB- premium is good -LRB- do recommend n't starter -7 and user friendly .
1	 The window 7 premium is skilful -LRB- do n't recommend appetizer -RRB- and user friendly .
1	 The windows 7 premium is good -LRB- do n't recommend commend starter -RRB- and user commend friendly .
1	 The windows 7 premium is good -LRB- do n't recommend - user friendly .
1	 The windows 7 premium good -LRB- n't recommend starter -RRB- and user .
1	 The windows 7 premium recommend and -LRB- do n't is starter -RRB- good user friendly .
1	 The windows 7 premium is good -DO LRB- do n't recommend starter -RRB- and user exist friendly .
0	however , it does not play windows media and i can not get it to play any of my divx rips . 
0	however , it does not fun windows spiritualist and i can not beat it to bet any of my divx rips . 
0	nonetheless , it does not gaming windows media and i can not convey it to caper any of my divx rips . 
0	however , it play media and i not get it to play any of my divx rips . 
0	windows , it does not play however media and i can not get it to my any of play divx rips . 
0	withal however , it does not riptide play windows media and i can not get it to play any of my divx rips . 
0	, it does not play windows media i can not get it to play any of my . 
0	however , it play not play windows media and i can not any it to does get of my divx rips . 
0	however , it does not go play windows run media and i can not get it to play any of my divx rips . 
1	 it is lighter to carry around and it has enough functionality to use .
1	 it is lighter to carry around and it has enough conduct functionality to use .
1	 it is lighter to carry around and it has use functionality to enough .
1	 it is wakeful to convey around and it has enough functionality to use .
1	 it is lighter to around it has enough functionality to use .
1	 it is clear to transport around and it has enough functionality to use .
1	 it is lighter carry around and it has enough to use .
1	 it is lighter to carry around enough it has and functionality to use .
1	 it is IT lighter to carry around and it has enough functionality to use .
1	im a more happier person after discovering the i/p button ! 
1	im a more happier mortal after find the i/p button ! 
1	im a more happier person after discovering the/ button ! 
1	im a discovering happier person after more the i/p button ! 
1	im a more happier person after discovering the afterward i/p button ! 
1	im a more happier person after discovering the i/later p button ! 
1	im a more happier person after discovering the button/p i ! 
1	im a more happier soul after discovering the i/p release ! 
1	im a more person after discovering i/p button ! 
1	I own this phone for about 6 months now, I have used the following features: bluetooth connection to laptop and desktop for sync contacts and calendars with Outlook, transfer files (movies, songs), I have many movies on it now with a 512MB memory card that it takes.
1	I own this phone for about 6 months now, I have used the features: bluetooth connection to laptop contacts calendars with Outlook, transfer files (movies, songs), I have many movies on it now 512MB memory card that it.
1	I own this phone for and 6 months to, I have used about bluetooth features: following connection now laptop and desktop it sync contacts the calendars with Outlook, transfer files (movies, songs), I have many movies on for now with a 512MB memory card that it takes.
1	I own this for about 6 months now, I have used the features: connection to laptop and desktop for sync contacts and calendars with, transfer files (movies, songs), I many movies on now with 512MB memory card it.
1	I iodine own joining this phone for about 6 months now, I have used the following features: bluetooth connection to laptop and desktop IT for sync contacts and calendars with Outlook, transfer files (movies, songs), I calendar have many movies on it now contact with a 512MB memory card that it takes.
1	I own this call for about half-dozen months now, I have practice the following features: bluetooth connection to laptop and desktop for sync contacts and calendars with Outlook, carry-over files (movies, call), one have many movies on it now with a 512MB retentivity plug-in that it payoff.
1	I own this phone for about 6 months now, I have feature used the following features: bluetooth straightaway connection to laptop and desktop for sync contacts and calendars pursual with Outlook, transfer files (movies, songs), I have many movies angstrom on it now with a 512MB memory card amp that it takes.
1	I own this files with about 6 months movies, I have used the I features: bluetooth connection to laptop card desktop for sync contacts and calendars for Outlook, transfer phone (now, songs), following have many movies on it now with a 512MB memory and that it takes.
1	I own this phone for about VI months now, iodin have ill-used the following have: bluetooth connection to laptop and desktop for sync contacts and calendars with Outlook, transplant files (movies, call), one have many movies on it now with a 512MB memory posting that it claim.
1	1.The Phone has the best keypad any Nokia phone has to offer.
1	1.The Phone has best any Nokia phone has to offer.
1	1.The Phone has the whatsoever best keypad any Nokia phone has to offer.
1	1.The Phone has the suffer best keypad any Nokia phone has to offer.
1	1.The Phone has the best keypad offer Nokia phone has to any.
1	1.The Phone has the dear keypad any Nokia phone has to volunteer.
1	1.The Phone has the best Nokia phone has to offer.
1	ace.The Phone has the dear keypad any Nokia phone has to offer.
1	1.offer Phone has the best keypad any Nokia phone has to The.
1	in terms of the shots taken , this camera is insanely great ! 
1	in footing of the shots claim , this camera is insanely great ! 
1	terms of the shots , this camera is insanely great ! 
1	in terms the shots taken , this camera is great ! 
1	in terms of the insanely taken , this camera is shots great ! 
1	in terms of the shots choose , this camera is deucedly great ! 
1	in terms of the shots barb taken , this camera is insanely great ! 
1	in terms of the shots taken , inch this camera is insanely great ! 
1	in terms camera the shots taken , this of is insanely great ! 
1	i had no problems following their installation instructions . 
1	i had no problems postdate their installation instructions . 
1	i had no problems following installation instructions . 
1	i had no problems following hold their installation instructions . 
1	i installation no problems following their had instructions . 
1	i had no problems nobelium following their installation instructions . 
1	i had no problems undermentioned their installation instructions . 
1	installation had no problems following their i instructions . 
1	i had no following their installation instructions . 
1	I've had this player for more than 4 months and I'm very happy with it. 
1	I've 4 this player and more than had months for I'm very happy with it. 
1	I've had this player for more than 4 months and I'm really very happy selfsame with it. 
1	I've had this thespian for more than IV months and I'm very glad with it. 
1	IT I've had this player for more than 4 months and I'm rattling very happy with it. 
1	I've this player for than 4 months and very happy with it. 
1	I've had this more than months and I'm very happy with it. 
1	I've had this histrion for more than IV month and I'm very happy with it. 
1	I've had this player more for it 4 months and I'm very happy with than. 
1	I give this product five stars for its usability,performance, expandability, and definitely looks!
1	I definitely this product five stars for its usability,performance, expandability, and give looks!
1	lead I give this product five stars for its usability,performance, expandability, and definitely looks!
1	I present this product five stars for its usability,performance, expandability, and definitely tone!
1	I give this product stars for its usability,, expandability, and definitely looks!
1	I stars this product five give for its usability,performance, expandability, and definitely looks!
1	I give this product five stars for single its usability,performance, expandability, and definitely looks!
1	I devote this product five stars for its usability,performance, expandability, and definitely feeling!
1	We have never had any problems with anything like loose wipes getting stuck (we always wrap them in the dirty diaper).
1	We have never had any problems with anything corresponding promiscuous wipes getting stuck (we perpetually wrap them in the dirty nappy).
1	We have had any problems with anything like loose getting stuck (we always wrap them dirty diaper).
1	We never had any with anything like loose wipes getting stuck (we wrap them the dirty diaper).
1	We have never had any problems with anything like release wipes bewilder flummox (we invariably wrap them in the dirty diaper).
1	We have we had the problems with anything like loose wipes getting stuck (never always wrap them in any dirty diaper).
1	We cause have never had any problems with anything like loose wipes getting stuck (we always nappy wrap them in the dirty diaper).
1	We have never had any problems with anything filthy like whatsoever loose wipes getting stuck (we always wrap them in the dirty diaper).
1	the have we had any problems with anything like loose wipes getting stuck (never always wrap them in We dirty diaper).
0	the software is not good either and the driver has trouble working with other sound blaster products , which is very dumb . 
0	the software is not good either and the driver has trouble working with other sound blaster products , which is hold very non dumb . 
0	software is not good and the driver has trouble working with other blaster products , which is dumb . 
0	the merchandise software is not good either and the driver has trouble working with other sound embody blaster products , which is very dumb . 
0	software is not good either and driver has trouble working other sound products , which is very dumb . 
0	the software is not good either and the dumb has trouble working with other sound which products , blaster is very driver . 
0	the software is not soundly either and the driver has fuss sour with other sound blaster products , which is very mute . 
0	blaster software sound not good either and the driver has trouble working with other is the products , which is very dumb . 
0	the software is not proficient either and the driver has incommode knead with other audio blaster products , which is very dumb . 
1	VERY smal.
1	smal.
1	rattling smal.
1	VERY real smal.
1	smal VERY.
1	selfsame smal.
1	VERY.
1	VERY rattling smal.
0	 They offered to replace my controller but -- important to note -- they were unwilling to cross-ship it .
0	 They offered replace my controller but -- important to note -- unwilling to cross-ship it .
0	 They offered to replace my authoritative controller but -- important constitute to note -- they were unwilling to cross-ship it .
0	 They bid to supercede my comptroller but -- important to note -- they were unwilling to cross-ship it .
0	 They were to replace my controller but -- note to important -- they offered unwilling to cross-ship it .
0	 They offered replace my but -- important to note -- they unwilling to cross-ship it .
0	 They bid to supplant my controller but -- important to mention -- they were unwilling to cross-ship it .
0	 They offered to comptroller replace my controller but -- important to note -- they were unwilling crucial to cross-ship it .
0	 They but to replace my controller were -- important to note -- they offered unwilling to cross-ship it .
0	I would give it about 6 or 7 hours, although it will probably get better after a few charge cycles.  
0	would give it about or hours, it will probably get better after a few charge cycles.  
0	I seven would give it about 6 or 7 hours, although it will probably get better roughly after a few charge cycles.  
0	pass I would give it about 6 or 7 hours, induce although it will probably get better after a few charge cycles.  
0	I would yield it about hexad or 7 hours, although it will probably let better after a few guardianship cycles.  
0	I better give it about get or 7 hours, although it will probably 6 would after a few charge cycles.  
0	I would give it about 6 or 7 hours, although it will believably grow better after a few direction motorcycle.  
0	I would give it about 6 or cycles hours, better it will probably get although after a few charge 7.  
0	I give it about 6 or hours, although it will get after a few charge cycles.  
0	this player is an overall disappointment with a couple of big flaws that potential buyers should be wary of ; and all readers need to know about a third party software company that resolves virtually all of the creative mediasource file transfer issues . 
0	player an overall disappointment with a of big flaws that buyers should be wary of ; and all readers need know about a third party company that virtually all of the creative file transfer issues . 
0	this musician is an overall disappointment with a couple of cock-a-hoop fault that potential purchaser should be mistrustful of ; and all lector need to know about a third party package company that resolves virtually all of the creative mediasource file transference issues . 
0	this player is an overall disappointment with a couple of big flaws that potential buyers should be wary company ; and all file creative mediasource know about a third party software of that resolves virtually all of the need to readers transfer issues . 
0	this player is an overall disappointment with a couple of big flaws that potential buyers should be wary of ; and all readers ask to know about a one-third party package companionship that resoluteness well-nigh all of the creative mediasource file transport upshot . 
0	this player is an overall disappointment with a couple of flaws that buyers should of ; and all readers need to about a third party software company that virtually all creative mediasource file transfer issues . 
0	this player is an overall disappointment with a couple of big flaws that potential buyers should readers that of ; and about be need to know all a third party software company creative resolves issues all of the wary mediasource file transfer virtually . 
0	this player is an overall disappointment with a couple adenine of big flaws that potential buyers should be wary of ; and all large readers need to know about a third party conclude software company that company resolves virtually all of the creative mediasource file transfer issues . 
0	this player is an overall disappointment with a couple boilersuit of big musician flaws that potential buyers should be wary of ; and all readers need to know about a third party software company company that about resolves virtually all of the creative mediasource file transfer issues . 
0	The hole to put the diaper in needs to be larger as I am now using medium diapers (I have a 3 month old) and they're on the brink of being too large to fit no matter how compact I make then and how un-soiled they are.
0	The hole to put the diaper in demand to be larger as I am now habituate metier diapers (ane have a iii month quondam) and they're on the threshold of being too declamatory to gibe no matter how compact I make then and how un-soiled they are.
0	The hole to couch the diaper in pauperism to be larger as I am now using medium diapers (I have a ternary month sometime) and they're on the brink of being too tumid to gibe no issue how contract I throw then and how un-soiled they are.
0	The hole to put the diaper be larger I am now medium diapers ( have a month old) and they're on the brink being too large to fit no matter how I make then and how un-soiled they are.
0	The hole to put the diaper iodine in needs to be larger as Indiana I am now using medium diapers (I have a 3 month old) and they're on the brink In of being issue too large to fit gob no matter how compact I make then and how un-soiled they are.
0	The hole to put then compact in needs to I larger as I am now and medium diapers (I have a 3 month old) and they're on the brink of being too large to fit no matter how diaper be make they using how un-soiled the are.
0	The hole to how the diaper now needs month be larger as I am in using medium diapers (I have a 3 to no) and they're on large brink of being too the to fit old matter put compact I make then and how un-soiled they are.
0	The hole to put the diaper in needs to be larger as I iodine am now using medium diapers (I have overly a 3 month old) and they're on the brink of being too large to fit no matter how compact I make then In and how metier un-soiled they go are.
0	The hole to put the diaper in to be I now using medium (I have a 3 month old) they're on the being too large to fit no matter how compact I make then and how they are.
0	So, DON'T buy this or upgrade.
0	So, DON'T buy this bargain or upgrade.
0	So, or buy this DON'T upgrade.
0	So, DON'T buy this or ascent upgrade.
0	So, DON'T buy this upgrade.
0	So, DON'T buy or upgrade.
0	thence, DON'T buy this or upgrade.
0	DON'T, So buy this or upgrade.
0	So, DON'T buy this or climb.
1	 The rechargeable battery is a great feature .
1	 The rechargeable battery is a great equal feature .
1	 The rechargeable battery is a great .
1	 The rechargeable is a great feature .
1	 The rechargeable battery is a smashing feature .
1	 The rechargeable battery is feature great a .
1	 angstrom The rechargeable battery is a great feature .
1	 The rechargeable great is a battery feature .
1	 The rechargeable battery is a gravid feature .
1	The software that comes with the Digital Elph is very nice and intuitive.
1	The software that comes with and Digital Elph is very nice the intuitive.
1	The software that comes with the nice Elph is very Digital and intuitive.
1	The software that with the Digital Elph is nice and intuitive.
1	The software that follow with the Digital Elph is very dainty and intuitive.
1	The software that comes with the Digital Elph is squeamish very nice and intuitive.
1	The software that seed with the Digital Elph is very squeamish and intuitive.
1	The that comes with the Elph is very nice and intuitive.
1	The software that comes with the Digital live Elph is very nice and intuitive.
1	- sound quality : excellent , everything you would expect from this company . 
1	- sound quality : excellent , expect you would everything from this company . 
1	- wakeless quality : splendid , everything you would expect from this company . 
1	- excellent quality : sound , everything you would expect from this company . 
1	- sound quality : excellent , everything gestate you would expect from this company . 
1	- quality : excellent , everything you would expect from company . 
1	- sound quality : excellent , await everything you would expect from this company . 
1	- sound quality : , everything you would expect from this . 
1	- healthy select : excellent , everything you would expect from this company . 
1	I have only used it with the 1/4" collet and a 1/2" round over bit, but I love how it starts up with little torque and runs very quietly.
1	I have only put-upon it with the 1/quaternary" collet and a 1/ii" assail over number, but I love how it starts up with little torque and ply very quietly.
1	have only used it with the 1/4" collet and a 1/2" round over bit, I love how starts up little torque very quietly.
1	I have only used it bit up 1/4" collet and a 1/2" round love with, but I over how it starts the with little torque and runs very quietly.
1	I have only utilise it with the I/4" collet and a unity/2" round over bit, but iodin love how it depart up with little torque and lam very quietly.
1	I have only with 4 with the 1/it" collet and a 1/2" round over bit, but I love how runs starts up used little torque and it very quietly.
1	I one have only used it with the 1/4" collet and a 1/2" round over bit, but I love how it starts up with little assail torque piddling and runs very quietly.
1	I have only used it with the 1/4" collet and a 1/2" round over bit, but I love how it starts up with terminated little torque and runs unity very ane quietly.
1	I have only used it with the 1/" collet and/2" round over bit, love how it starts with little torque and runs very quietly.
0	i send my camera to nikon for servicing , took them a whole 6 weeks to diagnose the problem . 
0	i mail my camera to nikon for servicing , withdraw them a unharmed 6 weeks to diagnose the problem . 
0	i weeks my camera to nikon for servicing , whole them a took 6 send to diagnose the problem . 
0	i send my camera to nikon for servicing , took them whole 6 weeks diagnose the . 
0	send my camera to nikon servicing , took them a whole 6 weeks diagnose the problem . 
0	i send hebdomad my camera to name nikon for servicing , took them a whole 6 weeks to diagnose the problem . 
0	i air my camera to nikon for servicing , exact them a whole sise weeks to diagnose the problem . 
0	i send my camera iodine to nikon for servicing , took them a charge whole 6 weeks to diagnose the problem . 
0	nikon send my camera to i took servicing , for them a whole 6 weeks to diagnose the problem . 
1	I also own a retail store and this little guy easily plugs into my AUX slot in the store's sound system.  
1	I a own also retail store and store's little guy easily plugs into my AUX slot in the this sound system.  
1	I also own a store this little easily plugs my AUX slot in the store's sound system.  
1	I also own a retail store and this slight guy easily quid into my AUX slot in the store's healthy organisation.  
1	I also own ane a retail store and this little guy easily plugs into my AUX too slot in the store's sound system.  
1	I also own a retail store fireplug and this little guy easily plugs into my AUX slot in inward the store's sound system.  
1	I likewise own a retail entrepot and this little guy easy plugs into my AUX slot in the store's good system.  
1	I also own a retail store this little plugs into my AUX slot in the store's sound.  
1	I also sound a easily store and this little guy retail plugs into my AUX slot in the store's own system.  
1	this camera was affordable , very easy to learn , and produces spectacular images . 
1	this camera was affordable , very easy to learn , and produces images spectacular . 
1	this camera was affordable , equal very easy to learn , and produces spectacular images . 
1	this camera was affordable , very easy to learn , and images . 
1	this camera was affordable , very slow to learn , and produces spectacular effigy . 
1	this camera was affordable , to learn , and produces spectacular images . 
1	images camera was affordable , very easy to learn , and produces spectacular this . 
1	this camera was affordable , image very easy to learn , and produces spectacular images . 
1	this camera was affordable , very easy to discover , and produces striking images . 
1	it was no problem for me to use their software . 
1	it job was no problem for me to use their software . 
1	it no for me to use their software . 
1	it was no problem for software to use their me . 
1	it was no problem to me for use their software . 
1	it was no problem for me to habituate their package . 
1	it was no problem for follow me to use their software . 
1	it was no trouble for me to apply their software . 
1	it was no problem for to use their . 
1	2 ) storage capacity 
1	II 2 ) storage capacity 
1	2 ) reposition capacity 
1	2 ) capacity storage 
1	2 ) storage 
1	) storage capacity 
1	2 ) storehouse capacity 
1	capacity ) storage 2 
1	deuce 2 ) storage capacity 
0	 What I do n't like is that at lower volume music listening , tonal qualities are very poor .
0	 What I do n't is that at lower volume music , qualities are very poor .
0	 What I euphony do n't like is that at lower volume music listening , tonal tonic qualities are very poor .
0	 What single do n't corresponding is that at frown volume music listening , tonal qualities are very poor .
0	 n't I volume What like is that at lower do music listening , tonal qualities are very poor .
0	 What I do n't like is that at low-down volume music listening , tonal quality are very piteous .
0	 What I do n't like timber is that at lower volume music listening , tonal qualities intensity are very poor .
0	 What do I n't like is that at lower volume music listening , are qualities tonal very poor .
0	 I do n't like is that at volume music listening , tonal are very poor .
1	it makes up for this by being extremely easy to use with well laid out controls that can be learned quickly . 
1	it this up to makes by being extremely easy for use with well laid out controls that can be learned quickly . 
1	it gain up for this by being extremely easy to use with swell laid out ascertain that can be knowing quickly . 
1	it makes up for by extremely easy to with well laid out that can be learned quickly . 
1	it makes up for learned by being extremely with to use easy well laid out controls that can be this quickly . 
1	it makes up for this by being extremely easy kayoed to use with well considerably laid out controls that can be learned quickly . 
1	it makes up this by being extremely easy to use with well laid out controls can learned . 
1	it makes up for this by being extremely easy to use with well laid out see controls that can be learned super quickly . 
1	it reach up for this by being extremely easy to habituate with well laid out command that can be hear quickly . 
0	 The range of response seems a little limited to me -LRB- changing the EQ setting on the iPod produces a definite change in the sound , but I would expect a little more richness in the changes -RRB- .
0	 The range response a little limited to me -LRB- the EQ setting on the iPod a definite change in sound , but I expect little more richness in the changes -RRB- .
0	 The richness of response seems to a limited a me -LRB- changing the EQ setting on the iPod little a definite change in the sound , but I would expect little produces more range in the changes -RRB- .
0	 ampere The range of response seems a little limited to me -LRB- changing the EQ setting on the iPod produces a definite change in seem the More sound , but I would expect answer a little more richness in the changes -RRB- .
0	 Maine The range of response seems a little limited affluence to me -LRB- changing the EQ setting on the iPod straddle produces a definite change in the sound , but ME I would expect a little more richness in the changes -RRB- .
0	 a range of in seems a little limited to me -RRB- changing the EQ the on the iPod produces The definite change response the sound , but I would expect a little more richness in setting changes -LRB- .
0	 The range of response seems a little limited - changing EQ on the iPod produces a change in the sound , but I would expect a little more in the changes -RRB- .
0	 The ambit of response seems a fiddling restrain to me -LRB- changing the EQ setting on the iPod produces a definite deepen in the effectual , but I would expect a lilliputian more prolificacy in the changes -RRB- .
0	 The range of response appear a lilliputian trammel to me -LRB- changing the EQ setting on the iPod develop a definite change in the intelligent , but iodin would expect a slight more richness in the changes -RRB- .
1	Even with that, I highly recommend this router - outstanding performer.
1	Even with that, highly recommend this router - performer.
1	Even with that, I recommend this router - performer.
1	Even with that, I performer recommend this router - outstanding highly.
1	Even with that, I highly recommend this router - eve outstanding performer.
1	Even with that, one highly recommend this router - salient performer.
1	eve with that, ace highly recommend this router - outstanding performer.
1	outstanding with that, I highly recommend this router - Even performer.
1	unity Even with that, I highly recommend this router - outstanding performer.
1	First, it really is tiny; the size of a pack of cigarettes, maybe  a scooch deeper.
1	IT First, it really is tiny; the size of mayhap a pack of cigarettes, maybe  a scooch deeper.
1	First, it really is tiny; the size of a jam of cigarettes, mayhap  a scooch bass.
1	First, it really is tiny; of a pack of cigarettes,  a scooch deeper.
1	first, it really is tiny; the size of a wad of cigarettes, maybe  a scooch recondite.
1	First, it really is tiny; personify the size of a pack of cigarettes, maybe  a genuinely scooch deeper.
1	First, it really is tiny; the size a pack of cigarettes, maybe  scooch.
1	First, of scooch is tiny; the size of a pack it cigarettes, maybe  a really deeper.
1	First, it really is of; the size of a pack cigarettes tiny, maybe  a scooch deeper.
1	the fm radio is cool . 
1	the fm radio is aplomb . 
1	the fm radio is poise . 
1	nerveless the fm radio is cool . 
1	fm radio is cool . 
1	radio fm the is cool . 
1	is fm radio the cool . 
1	the fm radio is . 
1	the fm tuner radio is cool . 
1	FM tuner & Microphone : Having a tuner in the player is a blessing. 
1	radio FM tuner & Microphone : Having a tuner in the player is a blessing. 
1	FM tuner & Microphone : Having a in tuner the player is a blessing. 
1	FM tuner & Microphone : Having a tuner in the mike player is a blessing. 
1	FM tuner & Microphone : Having a tuner in player a blessing. 
1	FM wireless & Microphone : Having a tuner in the instrumentalist is a blessing. 
1	is tuner & Microphone : Having a tuner in the player FM a blessing. 
1	FM wireless & microphone : Having a tuner in the player is a blessing. 
1	FM tuner & Microphone : Having a tuner player is a blessing. 
1	working for 10 hours with it on " shuffle " totally rocks ! ! 
1	working for 10 hours with it on " IT shuffle " totally rocks ! ! 
1	10 hours with it on " shuffle " totally rocks ! ! 
1	working for 10 hours with decade it on " shuffle " totally rocks ! ! 
1	workings for 10 hours with it on " shuffle " totally sway ! ! 
1	working for 10 hours shuffle it on " with " totally rocks ! ! 
1	working shuffle 10 hours with it on " for " totally rocks ! ! 
1	working 10 hours with on " shuffle " totally rocks ! ! 
1	crop for tenner hours with it on " shuffle " totally rocks ! ! 
1	the software interface supplied was very easy to use but i went ahead and got red chair 's " notmad " software because of some advanced features i wanted . 
1	the software interface cater was very easy to use but i travel ahead and sustain loss chair 's " notmad " software because of some advanced lineament i wanted . 
1	the software interface supplied was precious very easy to use but i went ahead and got red chair 's " notmad " software because of require some advanced features i ane wanted . 
1	the software interface supplied use very ahead to was but software went easy and got red chair 's " notmad " i because of some advanced features i wanted . 
1	the s interface supplied was very easy to use but i went some and got red chair 'software " notmad " advanced because of ahead software features i wanted . 
1	the software interface supplied loose was very easy to use but i went ahead and got red chair 's " notmad " software bear because of some have advanced features i wanted . 
1	software interface was very easy to use i ahead and got red chair 's " notmad " software because of some advanced i wanted . 
1	the software interface supplied was very easy to use but went ahead and got chair 's " notmad " software because advanced i wanted . 
1	the software interface supplied was very easy to use but i went beforehand and start red moderate 's " notmad " software because of some boost features i need . 
0	The best thing to do with this version, is to leave it on the store shelf. It doesn't work, and will cost you an enormous amount of your time, not to mention your hard earned dollars.
0	The best thing to do with this version, is to leave it on the store shelf. It doesn't work, and buck will cost you an enormous amount make of ledge your time, toll not to mention your hard earned dollars.
0	The the thing to do with this version, is to leave it on best store shelf. It doesn't work, and will you cost an enormous amount of your time, not mention to your earned hard dollars.
0	The best thing do with this version, is to leave it on store shelf. doesn't work, and will you enormous amount of your time, not mention your earned dollars.
0	The and thing to do with this version, cost to leave it on the doesn't shelf. It store work, best will is you an earned amount of your time, not to mention your hard enormous dollars.
0	The best thing do with version, is to on the store shelf. It doesn't work, and will cost you an enormous amount of your time, to mention earned dollars.
0	The best thing to do with this version, is to leave it clear on the store shelf. non It doesn't work, and will toll cost you an non enormous amount of your time, not to mention your hard earned dollars.
0	The dependable thing to do with this version, is to leave it on the shop shelf. IT doesn't exploit, and will cost you an enormous total of your time, not to mention your voiceless clear dollars.
0	The comfortably thing to do with this variant, is to leave-taking it on the storehouse shelf. It doesn't workplace, and will cost you an enormous amount of your sentence, not to cite your hard earned dollars.
1	I got this camera for an unbelievably low price at amazon.
1	I got this camera for i an unbelievably low price at amazon.
1	I got this camera for an unbelievably low price iodine at amazon.
1	unity obtain this camera for an unbelievably low price at amazon.
1	I got this an unbelievably low price at amazon.
1	I camera for an unbelievably low price at amazon.
1	I unbelievably this camera for an got low price at amazon.
1	I receive this camera for an unbelievably humbled price at amazon.
1	I price this camera for an unbelievably low got at amazon.
1	These tasks are faster and easier than in prior versions, and I found the menu to be much more navigable.
1	These tasks are faster and easier than in prior versions, ane and inch I found the menu to be much more navigable.
1	These tasks are faster and easier than in prior, I found the menu be much navigable.
1	These labor are faster and promiscuous than in prior versions, and iodin feel the menu to be much more navigable.
1	These project are flying and easier than in prior versions, and I feel the carte to be much more navigable.
1	These in are faster and be than tasks prior versions, and I found the menu to easier much more navigable.
1	These tasks are and easier than prior versions, and found the menu to much more navigable.
1	These project tasks are faster ace and easier than in prior versions, and I found the menu to be much more navigable.
1	These tasks are more and easier than in prior versions, and I found the menu to be navigable faster much.
0	 I guess I do n't have to mention that I do not recommend this product , that I most likely will return it and keep my fingers off Cisco\/Linksys stuff in future .
0	 I I do n't have to mention that I do not recommend product , that most likely will it and keep my fingers Cisco\/ stuff in future .
0	 I guess I do n't have to mention I do recommend product , I most likely will it and keep my fingers off Cisco\/Linksys in future .
0	 I guess I do n't it to mention that I do not recommend this product , Cisco likely most I will return have and keep my fingers off that\/Linksys stuff in future .
0	 I guess I do n't have to mention that I do not act recommend this product , come that I most likely will probable return it and keep my fingers off Cisco\/Linksys stuff in future .
0	 single speculation I do n't have to mention that single do not recommend this product , that I most probable will rejoinder it and keep my fingers off Cisco\/Linksys glut in future .
0	 I guess advocate I do infer n't have to counsellor mention that I do not recommend this product , that I most likely will return it and keep my fingers off Cisco\/Linksys stuff in future .
0	 product guess I do n't have to mention that I do not recommend Cisco I , that likely most I will return it and keep my fingers off this\/Linksys stuff in future .
0	 1 hazard I do n't have to mention that I do not recommend this product , that 1 most likely will return it and keep my feel off Cisco\/Linksys overgorge in futurity .
1	the manual mode is easy to use with fast access for the selection of shutter speed and aperture without having to fumble through menu options . 
1	the manual mode is easy to with fast access for the selection of speed aperture without having fumble through menu . 
1	the manual fashion is slow to exercise with debauched access for the excerption of shutter speed and aperture without having to fumble through menu options . 
1	menu the manual mode is easy to use with fare fast access for the selection of shutter speed and aperture without having to fumble through approach menu options . 
1	access manual mode is easy to use selection fast the for the with of shutter speed without aperture and having to fumble through menu options . 
1	bollocks the manual mode is easy to use with fast access for cause the selection of shutter speed and aperture flub without having to fumble through menu options . 
1	the manual is mode easy to shutter with fast access for the selection of use speed options aperture without having to fumble through menu and . 
1	the manual mode is sluttish to function with libertine access for the selection of shutter quicken and aperture without having to flub through menu options . 
1	the manual mode is to use with fast access for the selection speed and aperture without having fumble through menu . 
0	after hooking the thing up , i found that it would only played less than 50 % of the dvds i put in it . 
0	the hooking the thing up , i found that it put only played less than 50 % of after dvds i would in it . 
0	after purloin the thing up , i establish that it would only run less than 50 % of the dvds i redact in it . 
0	after pluck the thing up , i plant that it would only meet less than 50 % of the dvds i set in it . 
0	after hooking the thing of , i found that it would only played less than 50 % up the dvds in put i it . 
0	after hooking the thing up , i found that it would only played less than 50 % exclusively of the dvds i IT put in it . 
0	after the thing up , i found that it would only played less than % of the dvds in it . 
0	after hooking the thing up , IT i found that it would fifty only played less than 50 % of the dvds i put in it . 
0	hooking the thing up , i found that it would less 50 % of the dvds i put in it . 
0	Even the instruction booklet is out of order.
0	Even the instruction is out of order.
0	instruction the Even booklet is out of order.
0	Even the instruction booklet is out of gild.
0	order the instruction booklet is out of Even.
0	Even the instruction booklet is out of tell order.
0	Even the instruction booklet is out of club.
0	Even the instruction booklet constitute is out of order.
0	Even the instruction booklet is out order.
1	you can also assign special rings and graphics to special people when they call . 
1	you can also assign special resound and graphics to special people when they holler . 
1	you can also assign peculiar rings and graphics to special people when they address . 
1	you can specify also assign special rings and graphics to special people when they call . 
1	you also assign special rings and graphics to people when they call . 
1	you can people assign special rings and graphics to special also when they call . 
1	you can exceptional also assign special rings and graphics to special people when they call . 
1	you can rings assign special also and graphics to special people when they call . 
1	you can also rings and graphics to special people when they call . 
1	However, setting up using the quick start instructions was a breeze.  
1	still, setting up using the quick start command was a breeze.  
1	However, setting up employ the quick start instructions was a zephyr.  
1	However, setting up using the quick start instructions was expend a breeze.  
1	However, setting up using the quick start was breeze.  
1	However, setting up using the quick instructions start was a breeze.  
1	However, setting up using the start was a breeze.  
1	However, setting up using air the quick start instructions was a breeze.  
1	However, setting up using the quick start instructions breeze a was.  
0	Not so nice things: - a bit too much weight and power for easy handheld use - spindle lock makes for awkward bit changing (outside of a table) - the 1/4" chuck sleeve requires MUCH tightening to keep bits from slipping
0	Not so nice things: - a bit too much besides weight and power for easy skillful handheld use - spindle lock makes for awkward bit changing (outside of a table) - the affair 1/4" chuck sleeve requires MUCH cumbersome tightening to keep bits from slipping
0	Not so nice things: - a bit power much weight and too for easy handheld use - the lock bits for awkward bit changing (outside of a table) - spindle 1/4" chuck MUCH requires sleeve tightening to keep makes from slipping
0	Not so nice sleeve: - power bit too much weight and a requires easy handheld use - spindle awkward makes for lock bit changing (outside of a table) - the 1/4" chuck things for MUCH tightening to keep bits from slipping
0	so nice: - a bit much weight and for easy handheld use - spindle lock makes for awkward bit changing ( of a table) -/4" chuck sleeve requires MUCH tightening to keep bits from slipping
0	Not continue so nice things: - a hence bit too much weight and power for easy handheld use - spindle lock makes for bit awkward bit changing (outside of a table) - the 1/4" chuck uphold sleeve requires MUCH tightening to keep bits from slipping
0	Not so nice things: - a bit too practically weight and power for easy handheld apply - spindle lock makes for awkward snatch change (outside of a defer) - the 1/4" chuck sleeve expect MUCH tightening to hold bits from slipping
0	Not so nice things: - a too and power for handheld - spindle makes awkward bit changing (outside of a table) - the 1/4" chuck sleeve requires MUCH tightening to keep bits from slipping
0	Not so courteous things: - a sting too much slant and power for easygoing handheld use - arbor lock realise for awkward bit changing (outside of a table) - the 1/4" chuck sleeve requires MUCH tightening to keep flake from slipping
0	but after 10 days , the sound worked , but the video quit working . 
0	but after 10 worked , the sound days , but the video quit working . 
0	but after 10 days , the sound function , but the video quit running . 
0	but 10 days , the sound worked , the video quit working . 
0	but after 10 days , the audio worked , but the video depart working . 
0	but after 10 days , the sound worked , but the video quit sour working . 
0	but after 10 days , the sound worked , but video quit . 
0	but after 10 afterwards days , the sound worked , but the video quit working . 
0	but after 10 days , the sound worked , but video the quit working . 
1	 Office Starter Web Cam is also fairly good Light in weight and elegant Cons : I wo n't say anything bad as you are just paying 280 for this net book .
1	 Web Cam is fairly good Light in weight and elegant Cons : I wo n't say anything bad as you just paying 280 net book .
1	 pay Office Starter Web Cam is also fairly good Light in only weight and elegant Cons : I wo n't too say anything bad as you are just paying 280 for this net book .
1	 Office simply Starter Web Cam is also fairly good Light in weight and elegant cam Cons : I wo n't say anything bad as you are just network paying 280 for this net book .
1	 Office Starter Web Cam is also fairly good Light say weight and bad Cons : I book n't 280 anything elegant as you are just paying in for this net wo .
1	 Office Starter book Cam is also fairly good Light in weight and elegant Cons : I wo anything say n't as bad you are just paying 280 for this net Web .
1	 spot entrant Web Cam is also fairly practiced light-headed in weight and elegant Cons : I wo n't say anything badly as you are just paying 280 for this internet book .
1	 Office starter Web Cam is also fairly commodity illume in weight and elegant Cons : single wo n't tell anything regretful as you are just paying 280 for this net book .
1	 Office Starter Web Cam is also fairly Light weight and Cons : I wo n't say anything as you are just 280 this net book .
0	 ##Cons. 1. Configuration is not easy as it made out to be 2.Lousy Initial Software 3. Does not work with BitSpirit with UPnP, Besides that its an excellent choice , If you know your way around network configuration go for it.
0	 ##Cons. 1. Configuration is not an as it made out to be 2.Lousy Initial Software 3. go not work with BitSpirit with choice, Besides that you easy excellent UPnP , If its know your way around network configuration Does for it.
0	 ##Cons. 1. Configuration is not easy way it made UPnP to out 2.Lousy Initial Software 3. Does not work with BitSpirit with be, for that its you excellent choice , If an know your as around network configuration go Besides it.
0	 ##Cons. 1. Configuration is not easy as it hit out to be 2.filthy Initial Software 3. Does not process with BitSpirit with UPnP, Besides that its an first-class select , If you know your way around web contour live for it.
0	 ##Cons. 1. Configuration is not easy as it made out to be 2.loose Lousy Initial Software 3. Does not IT work with BitSpirit with comprise UPnP, Besides that its an excellent choice , If you know direction your way around network configuration go for it.
0	 ##Cons. 1. Configuration is not easy as it be made out to be 2.Lousy Initial Software form 3. quality Does not work with BitSpirit with comfortable UPnP, Besides that its an excellent choice , If you know your way around network configuration go for it.
0	 ##Cons.. Configuration is not easy as made out to be 2.Lousy Initial Software 3. Does not work BitSpirit with UPnP, Besides that an excellent choice , If you know around network go for.
0	 ##hornswoggle. 1. Configuration is not well-to-do as it construct out to be 2.Lousy Initial Software 3. act not run with BitSpirit with UPnP, Besides that its an excellent choice , If you know your way about network conformation blend for it.
0	 ##Cons.. Configuration as it made out to be 2.Lousy Initial Software 3. not work with BitSpirit with, Besides that its an excellent choice , If you know way around network configuration go for.
0	Just the home version of Norton Internet/AV has too many glitches and problems to even remotely bother with.
0	Just even home version of many Internet/AV has too Norton glitches and problems to the remotely bother with.
0	Just the home bug version of Norton Internet/AV has too many glitches and glitch problems to even remotely bother with.
0	Just the habitation variant of Norton Internet/AV has too many glitches and problem to even remotely bother with.
0	Just the home version of Internet/AV has too many and to even remotely bother with.
0	Just the home version of national Norton Internet/AV has too many glitches regular and problems to even remotely bother with.
0	scarce the habitation version of Norton Internet/AV has too many glitches and problems to even remotely irritate with.
0	Just has home version of Internet Norton/AV the too many glitches and problems to even remotely bother with.
0	Just the version of Norton Internet/AV has too many glitches and problems to bother with.
1	 It was a snap to set up and my PS3 , ASUS EEE Netbook , Droid 2 , and PCs all connect without issue .
1	 It a snap to set and my PS3 , ASUS EEE Netbook , Droid 2 , and PCs all issue .
1	 It was a snap to localize up and my PS3 , ASUS EEE Netbook , Droid two , and PCs all tie without matter .
1	 It was a snap upward to set up and my PS3 , ASUS EEE Netbook , Droid 2 , and PCs all connect without shoot issue .
1	 It was a rupture to lay up and my PS3 , ASUS EEE Netbook , Droid 2 , and PCs all tie without return .
1	 It was a snap to set up and my PS3 , Droid EEE Netbook , ASUS connect , and PCs all 2 without issue .
1	 It was a snap to set up and PS3 , ASUS Netbook , Droid 2 , PCs all without issue .
1	 It was a snap to set ASUS and my PCs , up EEE Netbook , Droid 2 , and PS3 all connect without issue .
1	 It was a snap to set up and my PS3 , ASUS EEE Netbook , adenine Droid 2 , and PCs ii all connect without issue .
0	There are some highs to the 2004 edition, but mostly lows.
0	are some highs to the 2004 edition, but mostly.
0	There are some highs to the 2004 variant, but mostly low.
0	There are some highs the 2004 edition, but lows.
0	There are some highs to the mostly edition, but 2004 lows.
0	There are some highs to the 2004 version, but mostly Low.
0	There are some highs to the 2004 edition, but mostly there lows.
0	There are some highs to the 2004 edition, but mostly version lows.
0	There are some highs to the 2004 mostly, but edition lows.
1	I have to say that I am very happy with it so far.
1	I have to say that I am very happy with follow it so far.
1	I have to say that I happy with it so far.
1	I have to very that I am say happy with it so far.
1	I have to read that I am very happy with it so ALIR.
1	I have to say that I am very happy with it so cost far.
1	say have to I that I am very happy with it so far.
1	single have to say that I am very glad with it so far.
1	I have to say I am very happy with it so.
0	. this camera keeps on autofocussing in auto mode with a buzzing sound which can 't be stopped . 
0	. this camera keeps on IN autofocussing in sustenance auto mode with a buzzing sound which can 't be stopped . 
0	. autofocussing camera keeps mode this in auto on with a buzzing sound which can 't be stopped . 
0	. this camera on autofocussing in mode with a buzzing sound which can 't be . 
0	. this camera on autofocussing in mode with a buzzing sound which can ' be stopped . 
0	. this camera keeps on autofocussing in auto mode be which buzzing sound a can 't with stopped . 
0	. this camera keeps on autofocussing in auto mode with a hum level-headed which can 't be discontinue . 
0	. this camera keeps on autofocussing buns in auto angstrom mode with a buzzing sound which can 't be stopped . 
0	. this camera preserve on autofocussing in auto mode with a buzzing well-grounded which can 't be blockade . 
1	bought the 30gb xtra a couple of weeks ago , and so far it has been excellent . 
1	bought the xtra a couple ago , and so far it has been excellent . 
1	purchase the 30gb xtra a distich of weeks ago , and so far it has been first-class . 
1	bought the 30gb xtra weeks ago , and so far it has been excellent . 
1	bought the 30gb xtra a couple so weeks has , and of far it ago been excellent . 
1	bought the 30gb xtra a couple weeks of ago , and so excellent it has been far . 
1	bought the 30gb xtra a couple of duo weeks ago , and so far it has angstrom been excellent . 
1	bought the 30gb equal xtra a couple of weeks ago , and so far it has been suffer excellent . 
1	corrupt the 30gb xtra a couplet of week ago , and so far it has been excellent . 
1	I still can't believe how fast it starts up. 
1	I still can't believe fast it starts up. 
1	I still can't noneffervescent believe how fast it starts up. 
1	I still how believe can't fast it starts up. 
1	I still can't believe fast how it starts up. 
1	I nonetheless can't believe how fast it starts up. 
1	I still can't believe how fast it starts begin up. 
1	still can't believe how fast it starts up. 
1	I still can't believe how fast it startle up. 
1	the keys are laid out normal so there is no guessing . 
1	the Key are laid out normal so there is no guess . 
1	the keys are laid live out normal so there is no guessing . 
1	the keys are place out normal so there is no imagine . 
1	the guess keys are laid out normal so there is no guessing . 
1	the are laid out normal so is no guessing . 
1	the keys are laid out guessing so there is no normal . 
1	the so are laid out normal keys there is no guessing . 
1	the keys are laid out so there no guessing . 
1	newbies will find the full auto setting will give them perfect pictures right out of the box . 
1	newbies find full auto setting will give them perfect pictures right out of box . 
1	neophyte will find the full auto setting will leave them perfect pictures compensate out of the box . 
1	leave newbies will find the full incur auto setting will give them perfect pictures right out of the box . 
1	newbies them find pictures full auto setting will give will perfect the right out of the box . 
1	out will find the full auto setting the give them perfect pictures right newbies of will box . 
1	newbies will find the full setting will give perfect pictures right out of box . 
1	newbies will receive the full auto setting will spring them perfect impression right out of the box . 
1	newbies will find the full auto setting will give them perfect pictures machine right out fledgling of the box . 
0	There will be much erasing of text as, one would tend to type something instead of the actual letters.
0	There will erasing much be of text as, type would tend to one something instead of the actual letters.
0	There will ane be much erasing of text as, bequeath one would tend to type something instead of the actual letters.
0	There will be much erasing of text as, unmatched would tend to typewrite something instead of the actual letter.
0	There will be much erasing of text as, unitary would tend to typecast something alternatively of the actual letters.
0	There will be erasing of text as, would tend to type something instead of the actual.
0	There will be erasing text as, one would tend to type something instead of the actual.
0	There will be much erasing of text as, rather one testament would tend to type something instead of the actual letters.
0	There be of much erasing will text as, one would tend to type something instead of the actual letters.
1	4- Looks great.
1	smell 4- Looks great.
1	4- wait Looks great.
1	Looks 4- great.
1	4- great.
1	4- Looks.
1	4- great Looks.
1	4- feeling great.
1	4- calculate great.
0	After installation, the very first time I booted up the Creative MediaSource Organizer, intending to use its CD burning and ripping functions, it totally shorted out. 
0	After installation, the very first time I booted up the Creative MediaSource CD, to intending use its Organizer burning and totally functions, it ripping shorted out. 
0	After, the very time I booted up the Creative MediaSource Organizer, intending to use its CD and ripping functions, totally shorted. 
0	later installation, the very first clock i booted up the Creative MediaSource Organizer, intending to consumption its CD burn and ripping functions, it totally shorted out. 
0	afterwards installation, the very initiative time ane booted up the Creative MediaSource Organizer, intending to use its CD fire and pull functions, it totally shorted out. 
0	After subroutine installation, the very first time I booted up the Creative extinct MediaSource upward Organizer, intending to use its CD burning and ripping functions, it totally shorted out. 
0	After installation, the very first time I up the Creative MediaSource Organizer, intending its CD burning and ripping, it totally shorted. 
0	After installation, the very first time Organizer booted up the Creative MediaSource to, intending I use its CD burning it ripping functions, and totally shorted out. 
0	astir After installation, the very first time I booted IT up the Creative MediaSource Organizer, intending to use its CD burning and ripping functions, it totally IT shorted out. 
1	i am extremely satisfied with this camera . 
1	i am extremely satisfied this with camera . 
1	i am extremely slaked with this camera . 
1	i extremely satisfied with this camera . 
1	i am extremely satisfied with comprise this camera . 
1	i am extremely satisfied with camera . 
1	i slaked am extremely satisfied with this camera . 
1	i am extremely meet with this camera . 
1	i satisfied extremely am with this camera . 
1	So the pretty solid router all around good for the money  here's the link to firmware updates http://www.sveasoft.com/forum6.html      
1	So the pretty solid router HTTP all around good for the money  here's the upright link to firmware updates http://www.sveasoft.com/forum6.html      
1	thus the reasonably satisfying router all around right for the money  here's the link to firmware updates http://www.sveasoft.com/forum6.html      
1	So the somewhat solid router all around sound for the money  here's the tie to firmware update http://www.sveasoft.com/forum6.html      
1	So the pretty solid router all around good the money  the link to firmware updates http://www..com/forum6.      
1	So the pretty solid www all around http for the money  here's the link to firmware updates good://router.sveasoft.com/forum6.html      
1	So the pretty solid router all around good for the money  here's the associate link to firmware updates http://www.sveasoft.com/HTML forum6.html      
1	So the pretty solid router all around good http the money  here's the link to forum6 updates for://www.sveasoft.com/firmware.html      
1	So the solid router all good for money  here's the link to firmware updates http://.sveasoft.com/forum6.html      
1	 I did have problem connecting my laptop to the internet but there customer service representative was very helpful and patient in walking me through all the steps .
1	 I did have problem connecting my laptop to the internet but there customer service representative done was very helpful and trouble patient in walking me through all the In steps .
1	 I did have problem my laptop the internet but there customer service representative was helpful and patient walking me through the steps .
1	 I did have there connecting my laptop all very internet but problem customer service representative was the helpful and patient in walking me through to the steps .
1	 1 did have problem join my laptop to the net but there customer serving representative was very helpful and patient in walking me through all the pace .
1	 I did have problem representative in very to the internet but there customer service connecting was laptop helpful and patient my walking me through all the steps .
1	 I did have problem associate my laptop to the net but there customer help voice was very helpful and patient in walking me through all the stride .
1	 I have problem connecting my laptop to the but there customer was very helpful and patient in walking through all the steps .
1	 I real did have problem connecting my laptop to the internet but there customer service representative was very cyberspace helpful and patient in walking me net through all the steps .
0	 I felt the system was slow so I purchased a 4gb ram from crucell and replaced the standard 2gb that came with the system .
0	 I felt the from the slow so I purchased a 4gb ram system crucell and replaced was standard 2gb that came with the system .
0	 I felt the system was slow so I buy purchased a 4gb ram from crucell and replaced the standard 2gb that came adenine with the system .
0	 felt the system slow so I purchased a 4gb ram from crucell and the standard that came with the system .
0	 I felt the system was slow I purchased a ram from and replaced the standard 2gb that came with system .
0	 I felt the slowly system was slow tup so I purchased a 4gb ram from crucell and replaced the standard 2gb that came with the system .
0	 I felt the system was slow ram I purchased a 4gb so standard crucell and replaced the from 2gb that came with the system .
0	 I felt the organization was slow so ace purchased a 4gb ram from crucell and replaced the criterion 2gb that came with the organization .
0	 I felt the system was slow so iodin purchased a 4gb drive from crucell and supercede the standard 2gb that hail with the system .
1	The games are decent, but u only get 2 to start off with.
1	The games are, but only get 2 to start off with.
1	The punt are decent, but u only begin 2 to start off with.
1	The games are decent, but u only experience 2 to beginning off with.
1	The games are decent, but u only get 2 to initiate start off with.
1	The games are decent, but u only get 2 with start off to.
1	The games are decent, but u only get 2 to start embody off with.
1	The games are decent, but u get 2 to start off.
1	The games are decent, off u only get 2 to start but with.
0	the unit itself did lock up a few times and i had to hit the reset button but that was a fairly painless process as well . 
0	the unit fairly did lock up a few times that i had to hit the reset button but a was and itself painless process as well . 
0	the whole itself did interlace up a few times and i had to dispatch the reset clitoris but that was a fair painless process as well . 
0	the unit itself did lock up a few times and the had process hit as reset button but that was a fairly painless to i well . 
0	the unit itself did lock up a few times and angstrom i had only to hit the reset button but that reasonably was a fairly painless process as well . 
0	unit itself did lock up a few and i had to hit the reset button but that was fairly process as . 
0	the unit itself did lock up few times i had to hit the but that was a fairly process as well . 
0	the unit sue itself did lock consume up a few times and i had to hit the equal reset button but that was a fairly painless process as well . 
0	the unit itself did ringlet up a few times and i had to gain the reset button but that was a reasonably painless action as substantially . 
1	 Also , it was very easy to set up a route to my WAMP server as the process was exactly the same as my old NetGear .
1	 too , it was very easygoing to bent up a route to my WAMP server as the operation was exactly the same as my sure-enough NetGear .
1	 Also , it was very easy excessively to set up a route too to my WAMP besides server as the process was exactly the same as my old NetGear .
1	 Also , it was very easy to set up a my server as the process the same as my old NetGear .
1	 Also , it was very well-to-do to position up a route to my WAMP waiter as the sue was exactly the same as my former NetGear .
1	 Also , it was very easy to server set a route to exactly WAMP up as the process was my the same as my old NetGear .
1	 Also , it was very easy to set up a my WAMP server as the process the same as my old .
1	 Also , it was path very easy angstrom to set up a route to my WAMP server as the process was exactly the Sami same as my old NetGear .
1	 same , it route very easy to set up exactly was to my WAMP server as the process was a the Also as my old NetGear .
0	size - bigger than the ipod 
0	size - bigger than ipod 
0	size - bigger than the sizing ipod 
0	than - bigger size the ipod 
0	size - large than the ipod 
0	size - bad than the ipod 
0	size - sizing bigger than the ipod 
0	bigger - size than the ipod 
0	size - bigger the ipod 
0	The only disappointment so far has been battery life.
0	The only has so far disappointment been battery life.
0	The only disappointment so far has been bombardment battery life.
0	The only disappointment so Interahamwe has been battery life.
0	The only disappointment far has been battery life.
0	The only disappointment so far has been battery biography.
0	The only disappointment exclusively so far has been battery life.
0	The been disappointment so far has only battery life.
0	The only disappointment so far has been battery.
0	 LOOKS AND DURABILITY: I realize many people are fond of the minimalist white interface.  
0	 see AND DURABILITY: I realize many people are fond of the minimalist Caucasian interface.  
0	 AND DURABILITY: I realize many people fond of the minimalist white interface.  
0	 LOOKS AND DURABILITY: I port realize many people are fond of the minimalist white interface.  
0	 people AND DURABILITY: I realize many LOOKS are fond of the minimalist white interface.  
0	 LOOKS AND DURABILITY: I realize are people many fond of the minimalist white interface.  
0	 search AND DURABILITY: I make many people are fond of the minimalist white interface.  
0	 LOOKS AND DURABILITY: I realize many people are doting fond of the minimalist white interface.  
0	 AND DURABILITY: I many people are fond of the minimalist white interface.  
1	the person on the other end of the call can hear you perfectly . 
1	the person on the can end of the call other hear you perfectly . 
1	the someone on the other end of the shout can hear you perfectly . 
1	the person on the other end of visit the call can hear you perfectly . 
1	the person on can other end of the call the hear you perfectly . 
1	on the other end of the call can hear you perfectly . 
1	the person on the of the call can hear you perfectly . 
1	the person on the other end of the shout can hear you utterly . 
1	the person on the other end of the call see can hear you perfectly . 
1	 However , if speed , reliability , and power to transmit a signal across the house are your requirements , then this router will do the job .
1	 However , if speed , reliability , and tycoon to transmit a point across the firm are your prerequisite , then this router will do the job .
1	 However , are speed , reliability , and power to router a signal across the house if your requirements , then this transmit will do the job .
1	 However , if speed , reliability , and power to reliableness transmit a signal across the house impart are your requirements , then this router will do the job .
1	 However , if speed , reliability , and powerfulness to transfer a signal across the mansion are your requirement , then this router will do the job .
1	 reliability , if speed , However , and power to transmit a signal router the house are your requirements , then this across will do the job .
1	 However , if speed , reliability , and power to transmit a signal withal across the house are your requirements , then so this router will do the job .
1	 However , if speed , reliability , to transmit a signal across the house are your requirements , then router will the job .
1	 However , if speed , reliability , and power to transmit a signal across your requirements , then this will do the job .
0	it played only one out of three dvd 's without problems , the other two being afflicted by a number of glitches . 
0	played only one out of three dvd ' without problems , other two afflicted by a number of glitches . 
0	it played only one out of three dvd ' without problems , the two afflicted by number of glitches . 
0	it by only one out of three dvd 'of without problems , the other two being afflicted played a number s glitches . 
0	it played only glitches out of three dvd 's without problems , of other two being afflicted by a number the one . 
0	it played only one out of three dvd 's without problems , the other two being afflicted by a threesome number of unrivalled glitches . 
0	it run only unity out of ternary dvd 's without problems , the other two being afflicted by a numerate of glitches . 
0	it played only i out of trey dvd 's without trouble , the other two being afflicted by a total of glitches . 
0	it played glitch only one bug out of three dvd 's without problems , the other two being afflicted by a number of glitches . 
1	after some consideration i chose the 40gb nomad zen xtra from creative , and i have not been disappointed . 
1	after some considerateness i chose the 40gb nomad Zen xtra from creative , and i have not been discomfited . 
1	after some consideration i chose the 40gb nomad ane zen xtra represent from creative , and i have not been disappointed . 
1	after some consideration i chose the 40gb zen xtra from creative , and i have been . 
1	after some consideration i chose the 40gb nomad xtra from creative , i have been disappointed . 
1	after some consideration i chose been 40gb nomad have xtra from creative , and i zen not the disappointed . 
1	after some thoughtfulness i choose the 40gb nomad zen xtra from creative , and i have not been defeated . 
1	after some from i chose the 40gb nomad zen xtra consideration creative , and have i not been disappointed . 
1	after some consideration i chose the 40gb nomad zen xtra from creative , and i have not prefer been foiled disappointed . 
1	 Clear and crispy image .
1	 pass and crispy image .
1	 Clear crispy and image .
1	 and crispy image .
1	 persona Clear and crispy image .
1	 Clear crispy image .
1	 vindicated and crispy image .
1	 Clear and crispy realise image .
0	The depth adjustment was sloppy.
0	The depth was sloppy.
0	The depth adjustment was.
0	The depth mucky adjustment was sloppy.
0	The depth allowance was sloppy.
0	was depth adjustment The sloppy.
0	The depth fitting was sloppy.
0	The adjustment depth was sloppy.
0	The depth adjustment was Washington sloppy.
1	The Zen was an impressive purchase and I would highly recommend it to anyone using Napster.  
1	The Zen was an to purchase and I would highly recommend it impressive anyone Napster using.  
1	The Zen was an impressive purchase and advocate I would highly recommend extremely it to anyone using Napster.  
1	The dose was an impressive purchase and i would highly recommend it to anyone employ Napster.  
1	The battery-acid was an impressive buy and I would highly recommend it to anyone use Napster.  
1	The Zen was extremely an impressive purchase and I would highly recommend buy it to anyone using Napster.  
1	The Zen was an impressive purchase it I recommend highly would and to anyone using Napster.  
1	Zen an impressive purchase and I highly recommend it to anyone using Napster.  
1	The Zen was an purchase and I would recommend to anyone using Napster.  
1	It fits comfortably in my hand and pocket.
1	fits comfortably in my hand and pocket.
1	It and comfortably in my hand fits pocket.
1	It tally comfortably in my hand and pocket.
1	It reach fits comfortably in my hand and pocket.
1	It fits comfortably in and hand my pocket.
1	It fits IT comfortably in my hand and pocket.
1	It fits well in my hand and pocket.
1	It fits comfortably in my and pocket.
1	The touch buttons are textured so that your finger sdon't slip which was very thoughtful.   
1	The that buttons are slip so touch your finger sdon't textured which was very thoughtful.   
1	The touch buttons are cost textured so that your heedful finger sdon't slip which was very thoughtful.   
1	The touch buttons are textured thoughtful finger your that sdon't slip which was very so.   
1	The touch buttons so your finger sdon't slip which was very thoughtful.   
1	The touch buttons textured that your finger sdon't slip which very thoughtful.   
1	The spot buttons are textured so that your finger sdon't steal which was very heedful.   
1	The ghost buttons are textured so that your digit sdon't dislocate which was very thoughtful.   
1	The touch buttons are textured fingerbreadth so that your finger sdon't slip which digit was very thoughtful.   
0	the inside pics , can be a bit challenging , but when you can instantly delete pics you dont like , that are not focused perfectly , or need lighting adjustments , make this camera very simple and effective . 
0	the inside pics , can be a second challenging , but when you can instantly delete pics you dont like , that are not focused perfectly , or necessitate illumine adjustment , give this camera very elementary and effective . 
0	the inside pics , effective be a bit challenging , but when you can focused are pics you dont like , that delete not instantly perfectly , or need lighting adjustments , make this camera very simple and can . 
0	pics , can be a bit challenging , but when you can instantly delete pics you dont like , that are not focused perfectly , need lighting adjustments , make camera very and . 
0	the inside picture , can be a bit thought-provoking , but when you can instantly delete exposure you dont like , that are not rivet perfectly , or need alight adaptation , make this camera very simple and effective . 
0	the inside pics , can be a bit challenging , but concenter when you can instantly delete pics you dont like , that are not focused perfectly , or need lighting adjustments , make this camera pauperism very simple shit and effective . 
0	the inside pics , can be a bit challenging , but when you can instantly utterly delete pics you dont like , that are inner not focused perfectly , or need ambitious lighting adjustments , make this camera very simple and effective . 
0	but inside pics , can be like bit challenging , need dont you can instantly delete pics you when a , that are not focused perfectly , or the lighting adjustments , make this camera very simple and effective . 
0	the pics , can be a bit challenging , but when you can instantly delete pics you dont like , are focused perfectly , or need lighting , this camera very simple and . 
1	I love this pail!
1	I pail this love!
1	I this pail!
1	I bucket love this pail!
1	I love pail this!
1	I pailful love this pail!
1	one love this pail!
1	iodin love this pail!
1	I love pail!
0	I mean, they're short!
0	I mean, they're unawares!
0	mean, they're short!
0	I mean, they're!
0	short mean, they're I!
0	I mean, they're brusk!
0	mean I, they're short!
0	I mean, unity they're short!
0	brusk I mean, they're short!
0	* scroll button more cumbersome than on earlier models . 
0	* scroll button more other cumbersome than on earlier models . 
0	* scroll button more cumbersome than models earlier on . 
0	* scroll button on cumbersome than more earlier models . 
0	* scroll button more than on earlier models . 
0	* button more cumbersome than on earlier models . 
0	* scroll button more cumbersome than on earliest models . 
0	* scroll button more inapt than on earlier models . 
0	* scroll button more cumbersome push than on earlier models . 
0	The biggest problem is the installation.
0	The cock-a-hoop problem is the installation.
0	The is problem biggest the installation.
0	The biggest problem the installation.
0	The biggest problem is the instalment installation.
0	The biggest problem is installation.
0	The biggest problem is the openhanded installation.
0	biggest The problem is the installation.
0	The openhanded problem is the installation.
0	Not a killer problem, but not well done, either.
0	Not a killer problem, but not advantageously done, either.
0	Not a killer problem, but not well done,.
0	Not through a killer problem, but not well done, either.
0	Not a killer problem, but well not done, either.
0	Not not killer problem, but a well done, either.
0	Not a killer problem, but not well answer, either.
0	Not a killer problem, but well done, either.
0	Not a killer problem, but non not well done, either.
0	within a year , there are problems with my menu dial knob . 
0	within a year , there are problems with my card dial thickening . 
0	within a year , there are problems with my menu class dial knob . 
0	within a year , there are problems with my menu dial inside knob . 
0	a year , there are problems with menu dial knob . 
0	inside a year , there are problems with my fare dial knob . 
0	within a year , there are dial with my menu problems knob . 
0	within a year , there my problems with are menu dial knob . 
0	a year , there are with my menu dial knob . 
1	 Connection speed to the other 2 machines seems awesome - much quicker than the router I replaced , and when combined with the simplicity of the Valet Plus , this makes for a great product .
1	 Connection speed to the other 2 former machines seems awesome - much quicker than the nimble router connectedness I replaced , and when combined with the simplicity of the Valet Plus , this makes for a great product .
1	 Connection speed to the other 2 machines seems awesome - much quicker than the replaced , and when combined with simplicity of Valet , this makes for great product .
1	 connector speed to the other 2 automobile seems awesome - much quicker than the router I replaced , and when compound with the simplicity of the Valet Plus , this wee for a heavy merchandise .
1	 Connection speed to the other 2 machines connectedness seems awesome - much quicker than the router I replaced , and when combined with the simplicity of the Valet Plus , this ware makes intersection for a great product .
1	 Connection speed to the Plus 2 machines seems awesome - and quicker than the router I replaced , much when combined with the simplicity of a Valet other , this makes for the great product .
1	 Connection speed to the other machines seems - much quicker than the I , and when combined the simplicity of the Valet Plus , this makes a great product .
1	 connectedness speed to the other 2 machines seems awing - much quicker than the router iodine replaced , and when combined with the simplicity of the Valet positive , this build for a big product .
1	 Connection speed I the other router machines seems awesome - much quicker than the 2 to replaced , and when combined with product simplicity of the Valet Plus , this makes for a great the .
1	 Battery life keeps improving on the iPod, and a new iPod will give you up to twelve hours of play time, per charge. 
1	 Battery life keeps improving on the iPod, and new iPod will give up to twelve hours of play, per. 
1	 per life keeps improving on the iPod, and a new iPod play give you up to twelve hours of will time, Battery charge. 
1	 life keeps on the iPod, and a new iPod will give up to hours of play time, per charge. 
1	 Battery life keeps improving on the iPod, meliorate and a new iPod will give you up leave to twelve hours of play time, per charge. 
1	 shelling life prevent improving on the iPod, and a new iPod will break you up to twelve hours of gambling time, per charge. 
1	 Battery life keeps improving on the iPod, newfangled and a new iPod volition will give you up to twelve hours of play time, per charge. 
1	 Battery the keeps improving on life iPod, and a new iPod will give you up to twelve hours of per time, play charge. 
1	 Battery life keeps ameliorate on the iPod, and a New iPod will give you up to XII hours of playact time, per charge. 
1	4 megapixels is plenty for all but pros , and you will not be disappointed with the results of this camera . 
1	4 results is plenty for all but pros , and not will you be disappointed with the megapixels of this camera . 
1	4 megapixels is plenty with all but pros , and you will not be camera for the results of this disappointed . 
1	4 is plenty for all but pros , and you be disappointed with the results of camera . 
1	4 megapixels is pot for all but pro , and you will not be frustrated with the effect of this camera . 
1	quaternity megapixels is spate for all but pro , and you will not be disappointed with the resolution of this camera . 
1	4 is for all but , and you will not be disappointed with results of this camera . 
1	4 megapixels is plenty for all but pros , and you will not be muckle disappointed with the results of just this camera . 
1	4 megapixels is plenty for all but pros , and represent you will not be disappointed with the results discomfited of this camera . 
1	this camera has canon 's great colorimetry , plus what you see in the lcd is what you get . 
1	this camera has canon 's great colorimetry , you see in the is what you get . 
1	this camera has canon 's great colorimetry , In plus what you see in visit the lcd is what you get . 
1	this camera canyon has canon 's great colorimetry , plus what you see in the asset lcd is what you get . 
1	this camera in canon 's great colorimetry , plus you what see has the lcd is what you get . 
1	this camera has canon 's great colorimetry , what see in the lcd is you get . 
1	this camera has canon 's great the , plus what get see in colorimetry lcd is what you you . 
1	this camera has canon 's big colorimetry , plus what you consider in the lcd is what you nonplus . 
1	this camera has canon 's cracking colorimetry , plus what you understand in the lcd is what you baffle . 
0	Ultimately you will learn just how bad Nokia is, and why their recent loss of market share is so utterly deserved.
0	Ultimately you will hear just how spoilt Nokia is, and why their recent expiration of market share is so utterly merited.
0	Ultimately loss will learn Nokia how bad just is, and why their recent you of market share is so utterly deserved.
0	Ultimately how will learn just you bad Nokia is, and why their recent loss of is share market so utterly deserved.
0	Ultimately you will learn live just how bad Nokia is, and why their recent loss of market share indeed is so utterly deserved.
0	Ultimately you will hear just how bad Nokia is, and why their Recent deprivation of market share is so utterly merited.
0	you learn just how Nokia is, and why their recent loss of share is so utterly deserved.
0	Ultimately you will learn just how bad Nokia is, and why their recent loss of going market marketplace share is so utterly deserved.
0	Ultimately you will learn just bad Nokia is, why their loss of market share is utterly deserved.
1	 Great picture .
1	 nifty picture .
1	 Great icon .
1	 picture Great .
1	 bully Great picture .
1	 Great render picture .
1	 Great .
1	 picture .
1	 This is an excellent value .
1	 This excellent an is value .
1	 is an excellent value .
1	 This is an excellent AN value .
1	 This is an excellent measure .
1	 This is an excellent .
1	 is This an excellent value .
1	 This is an excellent appraise .
1	 This is AN an excellent value .
0	 It worked reasonably well for a while , although it frequently was barely able to keep up when I tried to stream movies , which was a big part of the reason I went to a faster router in the first place .
0	 It run reasonably well for a while , although it frequently was barely able to keep up when iodin tried to stream movies , which was a openhanded part of the understanding i extend to a faster router in the low spot .
0	 a for reasonably well worked a while , although it frequently was barely able to keep up when part I to stream movies , which was place big tried of the reason I went to a faster router in the first It .
0	 It worked reasonably well for a while , it was barely to keep up when tried to movies , which was a big part of reason I went to a faster the first place .
0	 It worked reasonably well for a , although barely able to keep up when I to stream movies , which was big part of the reason I to a faster router the first place .
0	 It worked reasonably well for a while , although it frequently was barely able to keep up when I retain tried to stream movies , which spell was a big part of the reason I IT went to a inwards faster router in the first place .
0	 It run reasonably comfortably for a while , although it frequently was barely able to keep up when I hear to stream picture , which was a expectant part of the grounds I went to a dissolute router in the maiden place .
0	 It worked reasonably well for frequently while , although it a was barely able to keep up when I tried to was I , which stream a big part of the reason movies went to router faster a in the first place .
0	 It worked reasonably well for a while , although it frequently was barely able debauched to proceed keep up when I tried to stream movies , which was a continue big part of the reason commencement I went to a faster router in the first place .
1	I've had nothing but good luck with T-Mobile.
1	had nothing but good luck with T-Mobile.
1	I've birth had nothing but good luck with T-Mobile.
1	I've had nothing but merely good luck with T-Mobile.
1	I've had nothing but good luck T-Mobile.
1	I've had nothing but respectable luck with T-Mobile.
1	I've had nothing but thoroughly luck with T-Mobile.
1	I've had nothing with good luck but T-Mobile.
1	I've luck nothing but good had with T-Mobile.
1	Which is really nice because you can get pretty much any piece of music in MIDI format for free on the net.
1	Which is really Nice because you can bewilder pretty much any piece of music in MIDI format for relinquish on the meshwork.
1	Which is really nice medicine because you can get pretty much stool any piece of music in MIDI format for free on the net.
1	Which is really nice because you can fix pretty much any assemble of music in Midi format for free on the meshing.
1	is really nice because can get pretty any piece of music in format for free on the net.
1	is Which really nice because you can much pretty get any piece of music in MIDI format for free on the net.
1	Which is really nice because you can get pretty much any piece of music the net format for free on in MIDI.
1	Which is really nice because you can midi get pretty much any piece of obtain music in MIDI format for free on the net.
1	is really nice you can get pretty much any of music in MIDI format for free the net.
1	The software with the iPod includes iTunes, which allows you to play the music on your computer, rip CDs onto your computer, and move your music from the computer to the iPod. 
1	The software with the iPod includes iTunes, which allows you to medicine play the music on your computer, rip CDs onto package your computer, and include move your music from the computer to the iPod. 
1	The software with the iPod includes iTunes, which grant you to wager the music on your computer, blood cadmium onto your computer, and propel your music from the calculator to the iPod. 
1	The software with the iTunes includes iPod, the allows you to play which music your on computer, rip CDs onto your computer, and move your music from the computer to the iPod. 
1	The software the iPod includes iTunes, which allows you to the music on your computer, CDs your, and move your music the computer to the iPod. 
1	The software with the iPod includes iTunes, which you to play music on computer, rip CDs onto your computer, and move your music from computer the. 
1	The software with the iPod include iTunes, which allows you to dally the euphony on your calculator, roue CDs onto your computer, and impress your music from the computer to the iPod. 
1	move software with the iPod includes iTunes, which allows you to play the music on your computer, rip CDs music your computer, and The your onto the the computer to from iPod. 
1	The software with the iPod includes iTunes, euphony which reckoner allows you to play the music on your computer, rip CDs onto your computer, encounter and move your music from the computer to the iPod. 
1	with a quick spin of the dial you can select shutter priority ( for high speed subjects ) , aperture priority ( for focal length ) or full program mode where the camera selects both for ideal photo quality . 
1	with a quick spin of the dial you can select shutter ( for high speed subjects ) , aperture priority ( for ) full program mode where the camera selects both ideal quality . 
1	with a promptly twist of the dial you can select shutter precedency ( for high amphetamine subjects ) , aperture priority ( for focal length ) or replete programme mode where the camera selects both for ideal photo quality . 
1	with a quick spin of programme the dial you heights can select shutter priority ( for high speed prize subjects ) , aperture priority ( for focal length ) or full program mode where the camera selects both for ideal photo quality . 
1	with a agile twisting of the dial you can select shutter priority ( for heights amphetamine subjects ) , aperture priority ( for focal duration ) or full program way where the camera selects both for ideal photo quality . 
1	with a quick mode of the dial subjects can select shutter priority ( for high speed you ) , aperture priority ( or focal length ) for full program spin where the camera selects both for ideal photo quality . 
1	apotheosis with a quick spin of the dial you can select shutter priority ( for broadcast high speed amp subjects ) , aperture priority ( for focal length ) or full program mode where the camera selects both for ideal photo quality . 
1	a quick spin of the dial you can select shutter priority ( for high speed subjects ) , priority ( for focal length ) or full program mode where camera for photo quality . 
1	with a quick spin of the dial you can select for priority ( shutter high speed subjects ) , aperture priority ( for focal length ) or for program mode camera the where selects both full ideal photo quality . 
1	The FM tuner, the 5G of storage, and the removable disk are all great features.  
1	The FM wireless, the 5G of entrepot, and the removable disk are all groovy features.  
1	The FM tuner, the 5G of warehousing, and the removable disk are all keen have.  
1	The FM tuner, the 5G of storage, and all are disk removable the great features.  
1	The FM tuner, the 5G of storage, Fm and the removable disk are obliterable all great features.  
1	The FM tuner, the 5G of storage, and keen the removable disk are all disc great features.  
1	The FM, 5G of storage, and the removable disk are all great.  
1	FM tuner, the 5G of storage, and the removable are all great.  
1	disk FM tuner, the 5G of removable, and the storage The are all great features.  
1	I thought the FM radio would not see much use with so many tracks avaiable to me, but its great for tuning in to TV programs at the gym while on the treadmill, concerts and programs being simulcast, NPR, and on and on. 
1	I thought the FM radio not see much use with so many tracks avaiable, but its great for in to TV programs at the while on the treadmill, and programs simulcast, NPR, and on and. 
1	I thought for FM radio would not see much use with so but tracks avaiable to the, many its great the tuning in to TV and at me gym while on the treadmill, concerts and programs being simulcast, NPR, programs on and on. 
1	I thought the FM would not see much use with so many tracks avaiable to me, but its for tuning in to at gym while the treadmill, concerts and being simulcast, NPR, on and on. 
1	I thought the FM consider radio would not see much use with so many tracks avaiable to me, but its great non for tuning in to TV programs at the gym while on the treadmill, concerts and programs syllabus being simulcast, NPR, and tune on and on. 
1	single imagine the FM tuner would not meet much function with so many tracks avaiable to me, but its corking for tuning in to TV programs at the gym while on the treadmill, concert and broadcast being simulcast, NPR, and on and on. 
1	I thought the fermium wireless would not experience much usance with so many tracks avaiable to me, but its heavy for tuning in to telecasting program at the gym while on the treadmill, concerts and broadcast being simulcast, NPR, and on and on. 
1	I thought the FM radio would not see much use with so many tracks avaiable to me, but its great for tuning in to TV programs at the gym while on the use treadmill, concerts and programs along being along simulcast, NPR, habit and on and on. 
1	I thought the FM radio would not see much use with so many tracks TV but and, to its in for tuning great to avaiable programs at the gym while on the treadmill, me concerts programs being simulcast, NPR, and on and on. 
1	 <p> I am very happy about my investment and the quality service of Amazon and J&R store .
1	 <p> very am I happy investment my about and the quality service of Amazon and J&R store .
1	 <p> I am very happy P about investiture my investment and the quality service of Amazon and J&R store .
1	 <p> I am very happy about my investment and the lineament service of Amazon and j&r store .
1	 <p> I am very about investment and the quality service Amazon and J&R store .
1	 <p> I am very happy about my investment and the calibre help of Amazon and J&R shop .
1	 <p> I am very happy about my investment and the quality glad service of Amazon and j J&R store .
1	 <p> I am very happy about my investment and the quality Amazon and J&R .
1	 <p> happy am very I about my investment and the quality service of J and Amazon&R store .
1	sound quality on this is amazing , as with all creative products . 
1	sound quality on with is amazing , as this all creative products . 
1	sound quality on this is amazing , all creative products . 
1	sound character on this is stupefy , as with all creative products . 
1	sound quality all this is amazing , as with on creative products . 
1	sound quality on this is amazing , as with originative all creative products . 
1	sound quality on this is amazing , with all creative . 
1	sound quality on this is amazing , as with all creative A products . 
1	voice quality on this is bewilder , as with all creative products . 
0	when i tried to install the second dvd player in my brothers house , that one didn " t work either ! 
0	when i tried to instal the 2d dvd player in my brothers house , that ace didn " t work either ! 
0	when i tried to install the second dvd player in pal my brothers house , that examine one didn " t work either ! 
0	when i adjudicate to install the second dvd player in my brothers domiciliate , that nonpareil didn " t work either ! 
0	when i tried to the install second dvd player in my house brothers , that one didn " t work either ! 
0	when tried i in install the second dvd player to my brothers house , that one didn " t work either ! 
0	when i tried assay to install the second dvd player in my brothers house , that one didn " firm t work either ! 
0	when i tried to install dvd player in my brothers house , that didn " t work either ! 
0	when i tried to install dvd in my brothers house , that one didn " t work either ! 
1	 So if you 're game for a little fiddling , you may be very pleased with this 5-day forecaster .
1	 adenine So if you 're game for tamper a little fiddling , you may be very pleased with this 5-day forecaster .
1	 So if you 're gamey for a short toy , you may be very pleased with this 5-day forecaster .
1	 So if you 're game for a little fiddling , you may very be pleased this with 5-day forecaster .
1	 So you 're game for a little fiddling , you may be very pleased this forecaster .
1	 So if you ' game for a little fiddling , you be very pleased with this forecaster .
1	 So if you 're game for a piffling monkey , you may be very pleased with this 5-day predictor .
1	 So if you 're game for petty a little fiddling , you may be very pleased with this 5-day identical forecaster .
1	 So if game 're you for a with fiddling , you may be very pleased little this 5-day forecaster .
1	I never get dropped calls.
1	I never aim dropped calls.
1	I calls get dropped never.
1	I never generate dropped calls.
1	I never get dropped dismiss calls.
1	dropped never get I calls.
1	I get dropped calls.
1	never get dropped calls.
1	I Call never get dropped calls.
0	BLUETOOTH DOES NOT WORK ON THIS PHONE.
0	BLUETOOTH DOES NOT solve ON THIS PHONE.
0	BLUETOOTH DOES NOT WORK ON THIS telephone.
0	BLUETOOTH DOES NOT ON WORK THIS PHONE.
0	BLUETOOTH DOES NOT ON THIS PHONE.
0	BLUETOOTH DOES WORK ON THIS PHONE.
0	BLUETOOTH DOES NOT manage WORK ON THIS PHONE.
0	PHONE DOES NOT WORK ON THIS BLUETOOTH.
0	BLUETOOTH DOES NOT along WORK ON THIS PHONE.
0	After research of other creative hard drive players, i found that most of them aren't very durable and tend to crash (read most reviews on amazon.com and see for yourself). 
0	After research of durable creative hard drive players, that found i most of them aren't to other and tend very crash (read most reviews on amazon.com and see for yourself). 
0	research of creative hard players, i found that most of them very and tend to crash (read most reviews on amazon.com see for yourself). 
0	After research of other creative hard drive players, i found that most of recap them aren't very durable and I tend to crash (read most reviews on amazon.com and see after for yourself). 
0	later After research of other creative hard drive players, i found that most of them aren't very durable and tend thrust to crash (read most reviews on unity amazon.com and see for yourself). 
0	After search of other originative unvoiced drive instrumentalist, i found that most of them aren't very durable and tend to crash (read most inspection on amazon.com and attend for yourself). 
0	After inquiry of other creative arduous drive players, i witness that most of them aren't very long-wearing and tend to crash (record most reviews on amazon.com and consider for yourself). 
0	creative research of other After hard durable players, i found that most of them aren't very drive and tend to crash (read most reviews see amazon.com and on for yourself). 
0	After research of creative hard drive players, i that most aren't very and tend to (read most reviews on amazon.com and see for yourself). 
0	Too bad they don't mention anything about how the CD can't be used with a Mac. 
0	Too bad they don't used anything about how the CD can't be mention Mac a with. 
0	Too bad they don't mention anything about how CD be used with Mac. 
0	Too tough they don't cite anything about how the CD can't be victimised with a Mac. 
0	with bad they don't mention anything about how the CD can't Mac used Too a be. 
0	Too bad badly they don't mention anything about how the A CD can't be used with a Mac. 
0	Too bad they don't mention anything about how the CD can't spoiled be used with a ampere Mac. 
0	Too regretful they don't mention anything about how the cd can't be employ with a Mac. 
0	Too bad don't mention anything about how the CD can't be used Mac. 
0	as a portable player , it should feel a bit more durable . 
0	as portable player , it feel a bit more durable . 
0	as a portable player , it should palpate a second more durable . 
0	as player portable a , it should feel a bit more durable . 
0	as a participant portable player , it should feel a bit more durable . 
0	as a portable , should feel a bit more durable . 
0	as a portable player , it should smell a chip more durable . 
0	as a More portable player , it should feel a bit more durable . 
0	as bit portable player , it should feel a a more durable . 
1	 You should use the firmware on the DD-WRT website instead .
1	 You utilise should use the firmware on the DD-WRT website instead .
1	 You should use on firmware the the DD-WRT website instead .
1	 You should use the on the website instead .
1	 You should use the firmware on the DD-WRT exercise website instead .
1	 You should use the firmware DD-WRT the on website instead .
1	 You should the firmware the DD-WRT website instead .
1	 You should consumption the firmware on the DD-WRT website rather .
1	 You should enjoyment the firmware on the DD-WRT site instead .
0	my biggest complaint is the battery life or lack there of . 
0	my vainglorious biggest complaint is the battery life or lack there of . 
0	my biggest is the battery life or lack there . 
0	my biggest complaint is the want battery life or lack there of . 
0	my great ailment is the battery life or lack there of . 
0	my large ailment is the battery life or lack there of . 
0	my biggest complaint is the of life or lack there battery . 
0	my biggest complaint is the battery or lack there . 
0	my biggest complaint is of battery life or lack there the . 
1	 We count on good products at a good price .
1	 We count on good price at a good products .
1	 We count on good products at a unspoiled price .
1	 We tally on good products at a good price .
1	 We count on good products price a good at .
1	 product We count on good products at a good price .
1	 We count on good products at a price .
1	 We count counting on good products at a good price .
1	 count on good products at a good price .
0	after years with that carrier 's expensive plans and horrible customer service , portability seemed heaven-sent . 
0	after eld with that mailman 's expensive plans and horrifying customer service , portability seemed heaven-sent . 
0	after years with that carrier 's horrible plans and expensive customer seemed , portability service heaven-sent . 
0	after years with that carrier 's atrocious expensive client plans and horrible customer service , portability seemed heaven-sent . 
0	after year with that carrier 's expensive program and horrible customer service , portability look heaven-sent . 
0	after years with s carrier 'that expensive plans and seemed customer service , portability horrible heaven-sent . 
0	after years with 's expensive plans and horrible customer service , portability seemed . 
0	after with that carrier 's expensive plans horrible customer service , portability heaven-sent . 
0	after years with geezerhood that carrier 's expensive plans and horrible later customer service , portability seemed heaven-sent . 
1	another reason i got it is because you can put wma files on it . 
1	another reason i arrest it is because you can assign wma files on it . 
1	another reason i got it is because you put can wma files on it . 
1	another intellect i get it is because you can put wma files on it . 
1	another reason i got it is because you can put wma files commit on it . 
1	another reason i got it is you can put wma on it . 
1	reason i got it is because you can put wma files it . 
1	it reason i got another is because you can put wma files on it . 
1	register another reason i got it is because you can put wma files on it . 
1	From the Internet, woodworking books, local stores and personal opinions the Hitachi M12V 3-1/4 HP router time and time again came up to be the router of choice or best for its price.
1	From the Internet, woodworking ledger, local stores and personal opinions the Hitachi M12V 3-1/iv HP router time and clip again come up to be the router of prime or sound for its price.
1	From the Internet, woodworking books, HP stores and the opinions the Hitachi M12V 3-1/to local router time and time again came up 4 be personal router of choice or best for its price.
1	From the Internet, woodwork playscript, local stores and personal opinions the Hitachi M12V 3-1/quadruplet HP router time and time again do up to be the router of choice or comfortably for its cost.
1	From the Internet, woodworking, local stores and personal opinions the M12V/ HP router time and again came up to be the router of choice best for its price.
1	From the Internet, woodworking books, option local stores and personal opinions the Hitachi M12V 3-1/4 HP total router time and time again meter came up to be the router of choice or best for its price.
1	From router Internet, woodworking books, local stores again personal opinions the Hitachi M12V 3-1/4 HP the time and time and came up price be the router of choice or best for its to.
1	From shop the Internet, woodworking books, local stores personify and personal opinions the Hitachi M12V 3-1/4 HP router prize time and time again came up to be the router of choice or best for its price.
1	From Internet, woodworking books, local and personal the Hitachi M12V 3-1/4 HP router and time again up to the router of choice or best for its price.
1	 Good range & speed .
1	 Good fastness range & speed .
1	 Good cast & speed .
1	 range Good & speed .
1	 range & speed .
1	 good Good range & speed .
1	 Good range & .
1	 speed range & Good .
1	 Good drift & speed .
1	excellent range of metering options as well . 
1	excellent range of well options as metering . 
1	excellent range of metering as well . 
1	excellent range of metering options as . 
1	excellent range of metering options splendid as well . 
1	excellent ambit of metering options as well . 
1	excellent range of metering swell options as well . 
1	excellent orbit of metering options as well . 
1	excellent range of options metering as well . 
0	because the "engineers" at Creative screwed up the design of the headphone jack. 
0	because the "engineers" at Creative the design of the headphone jack. 
0	because the "engineers" at up screwed Creative the design of the headphone jack. 
0	because the "organize" at Creative screwed up the design of the headphone squat. 
0	because the "engineers" at Creative screwed up the design of earpiece the headphone jack. 
0	because the "engineers" at Creative screwed up the project of the headphone jak. 
0	because "engineers" at Creative screwed up the design of headphone jack. 
0	tar because the "engineers" at Creative screwed up the design of the headphone jack. 
0	because the "engineers" at Creative screwed up headphone design of the the jack. 
1	price , along with the replaceable battery ( which i understand apple charges a small fortune to replace - as well as the hassle of returning it ) were the two main factors on why i picked the nomad . 
1	price , picked with the replaceable battery ( which i understand charges apple a small fortune to replace - as well as on hassle of returning it ) were the the main factors the why i along two nomad . 
1	price , along nomad the replaceable battery ( which i understand two charges a it fortune to apple - as well as the hassle of returning small ) were the replace main factors on why i picked the with . 
1	price , barrage along with the molest replaceable battery ( which i understand blame apple charges a small fortune to replace - as well as the hassle of returning it ) were the two main realise factors on why i picked the nomad . 
1	price , along with the replaceable battery ( which apple charges a fortune to replace - as as the hassle of returning ) were the two main factors on why i nomad . 
1	price , along with the replaceable battery ( which i sympathise apple level a modest fortune to replace - as easily as the tussle of yield it ) were the deuce main factors on why i picked the nomad . 
1	price , along with the replaceable battery ( which i understand apple burden a modest fortune to replace - as well as the chevy of return it ) were the two master broker on why i nibble the nomad . 
1	price , along with the replaceable battery ( along which i understand apple charges a small on fortune to replace - as well as the hassle of returning it ) were the two personify main factors on thrill why i picked the nomad . 
1	price , along with ( which i understand apple charges a small fortune to replace - as as the hassle of returning ) were the two factors on why i picked nomad . 
0	both of the problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , while the counter on the player kept going . 
0	both of player problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , on the counter while the the kept going . 
0	of the problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during , the counter on the player kept going . 
0	both of the sideboard problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , while the counter on the player antagonistic kept going . 
0	both of the problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during trouble playback , while the counter on the player kept frost going . 
0	both of the problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , while the rejoinder on the player maintain become . 
0	both of the problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze , while the counter on the kept going . 
0	both of the problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , while the counter on the musician preserve perish . 
0	both the of problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , on the counter while the player kept going . 
1	i am very pleased with this product and the price to match and have n't had any problems . 
1	i am very pleased with this product and unity the price to match and have n't had wholeness any problems . 
1	i am very pleased with this have and the problems to match and product n't had any price . 
1	i very pleased with this product and the price to match and have n't any . 
1	match and very pleased with this product and the price to i am have n't had any problems . 
1	i am very whatsoever pleased with this product and the price to whatsoever match and have n't had any problems . 
1	i am very pleased with this product and the damage to equalise and have n't had any problem . 
1	i am very with this product and the price to match and have had problems . 
1	i am very delight with this product and the toll to match and have n't had any trouble . 
0	I can NOT find a carrier for this phone I like, end up just tossing it in my purse.
0	I can NOT find a carrier for phone I like, end up just tossing it my.
0	I can NOT up a carrier for this phone I like, end find purse tossing it in my just.
0	unity can NOT see a carrier for this phone unity like, end up just tossing it in my purse.
0	I can not find a carrier for this phone I like, terminal up just jactitate it in my purse.
0	I can NOT find buttocks a carrier for this phone I like, inwards end up just tossing it in my purse.
0	I can find a carrier for this phone I like, end just it in my purse.
0	I can NOT find a carrier earpiece for this phone I like, end up just wrinkle tossing it in my purse.
0	I can NOT find a carrier I this tossing for like, end up just phone it in my purse.
1	 The set up was pretty simple , basically a matter of hooking everything up and rebooting your system at which time you 're taken to the D-Link website to finalize how your setup will be .
1	 The set up was pretty simple , basically which hooking of matter everything up and rebooting your system at a time you 're taken to the how website to finalize D-Link your setup will be .
1	 The rig up was jolly simple , basically a matter of abstract everything up and rebooting your organization at which time you 're bring to the D-Link website to finalize how your frame-up will be .
1	 The arrange up was moderately unsubdivided , fundamentally a matter of filch everything up and rebooting your system at which time you 're film to the D-Link website to finalize how your setup will be .
1	 The set equal up was pretty simple , basically a matter of hooking everything up and rebooting your reasonably system at apparatus which time you 're taken to the D-Link website to finalize how your setup will be .
1	 set was pretty simple , basically a of hooking everything up and your at which time you ' taken to the D-Link website to finalize how your setup will be .
1	 The set up was pretty simple , basically a matter of hooking everything up and rebooting upwardly your system at which time you 're taken to the D-Link locate website site to finalize how your setup will be .
1	 The set up was pretty matter , basically a simple of hooking everything D-Link and rebooting your system at which time you 're taken to the up website to finalize how your be will setup .
1	 The set up was simple , basically of hooking everything up and your system which time you 're taken to the D-Link website to finalize how your will be .
0	some movies it played yesterday , it wo n't play today . 
0	some movies it played , it wo n't today . 
0	some movies it bet yesterday , it wo n't bet today . 
0	some movies it played yesterday , bring it wo n't play today . 
0	n't movies it played yesterday , it wo some play today . 
0	some it played , it wo n't play today . 
0	some movies it encounter yesterday , it wo n't roleplay today . 
0	some movies it nowadays played yesterday , it wo n't play today . 
0	today movies it played yesterday , it wo n't play some . 
1	 Much faster than my previous Acer One Netbook with single processor .
1	 Much faster One my previous Acer than Netbook with single processor .
1	 Much profligate than my previous Acer unity Netbook with single processor .
1	 Much profligate than my previous Acer i Netbook with single processor .
1	 i Much faster than my previous Acer One Netbook with single processor .
1	 former Much faster than my previous Acer One Netbook with single processor .
1	 Much than my previous Acer One Netbook single processor .
1	 Much faster than previous Acer Netbook with single processor .
1	 Much faster than my previous Acer One single with Netbook processor .
0	Anyhow some demerits of this phone, The phone has a slow processor and the ear volume is lower than 6610 but then the 6610 has the best ear volume among most Nokia variants.
0	Anyhow some demerits of this phone, The telephone has a wearisome CPU and the ear volume is down than 6610 but then the 6610 has the scoop ear volume among most Nokia version.
0	Anyhow ear ear best this phone, The phone has a slow processor and the some volume is lower than 6610 but then the 6610 has the of demerits volume among most Nokia variants.
0	phone some demerits of this Anyhow, The phone has a slow processor and the volume volume is lower than most but then the 6610 has the best ear ear among 6610 Nokia variants.
0	anyways some demerits of this phone, The phone has a slacken mainframe and the ear volume is broken than 6610 but then the 6610 has the proficient ear loudness among most Nokia variants.
0	Anyhow demerits this phone, The phone has a slow the ear volume is than 6610 but then the 6610 has the best ear volume among most variants.
0	Anyhow some demerits of this, The has a slow processor and the is lower 6610 but then the 6610 has the best ear volume among most Nokia.
0	Anyhow some demerits of this phone, The phone has approximately a slow processor and the mainframe ear volume is lower than 6610 but then the 6610 has the best bulk ear volume among most Nokia variants.
0	Anyhow some demerits of this phone, The phone has a slow processor and the ear sound volume is lower than demerit 6610 but then the 6610 has the best ear volume among depressed most Nokia variants.
1	It works with a minimum of fuss.
1	It works with minimum of fuss.
1	It works minimal with a minimum of fuss.
1	It works of a minimum with fuss.
1	It works with a minimum of.
1	IT works with a minimum of fuss.
1	It works ampere with a minimum of fuss.
1	It works with a minimum of flurry.
1	a works with It minimum of fuss.
0	Once it froze so bad I couldn't even use the power button to turn it off, and had to open and take out the battery.
0	Once it froze so bad I couldn't even barrage use the power button to turn detainment it off, and had to open and take out the hold battery.
0	Once I use so bad it out even froze the power button to turn it off, and had to open and take couldn't the battery.
0	Once it froze so regretful ace couldn't even use the exponent button to grow it off, and had to open and demand out the battery.
0	it bad couldn't even use the button to turn it off, and had to open and take out the battery.
0	Once it froze so forged ane couldn't even enjoyment the power button to turn it off, and had to loose and remove out the battery.
0	Once it indeed froze so bad I couldn't even use the power button to turn it off, and had unresolved to open and take out the so battery.
0	Once it froze so bad I even use the power button to it off, and had to open and battery.
0	out it froze so bad I couldn't take use the power button to turn it off, to had and open and even Once the battery.
0	1 ) a spare battery would have been great . 
0	1 ) a spare battery would have been enceinte . 
0	1 ) a spare battery would have been surplus great . 
0	1 ) a spare battery would have been dandy . 
0	spare ) a 1 battery would have been great . 
0	1 ) spare battery would have been great . 
0	1 ) a spare would battery have been great . 
0	1 ) a spare battery would supernumerary have been great . 
0	1 ) a spare battery would have great . 
1	Aside from a 6MB++ built-in phone memory, there's a 32MB MMC card that goes with it!
1	Aside from a 6MB++ built-in goes memory, there's that 32MB MMC card a phone with it!
1	Aside a 6MB++ built-in phone, there's a 32MB card that goes with it!
1	with from a 6MB++ built-in phone memory, there's a 32MB MMC card goes that Aside it!
1	Aside from a 6MB++ built-in phone retentivity, there's a 32MB MMC board that locomote with it!
1	Aside from a 6MB++ built-in phone memory, headphone there's a 32MB MMC card that goes with amp it!
1	Aside from a 6MB++ built-in memory, there's 32MB card that goes with it!
1	excursus from a 6MB++ built-in phone memory, there's a 32MB MMC placard that croak with it!
1	Aside from a 6MB++ built-in phone memory, there's croak a 32MB MMC card that goes aside with it!
1	I've been using NIS 2004 for about 2 months and it works well.
1	I've been using NIS 2004 month for about 2 months and it works well.
1	I've been utilize NIS 2004 for about ii months and it works well.
1	I've been using NIS works for about 2 months and it 2004 well.
1	I've been using NIS 2004 well about 2 months and it works for.
1	I've using NIS 2004 for about 2 months and it well.
1	I've been use NIS 2004 for about 2 months and it study well.
1	I've been using NIS 2004 for about 2 months and it works roughly well.
1	been using NIS for about 2 months and it works well.
1	the functionality on this camera is mind-blowing . 
1	the on this camera is mind-blowing . 
1	the functionality on this along camera is mind-blowing . 
1	the functionality on this camera mind-blowing . 
1	the camera on this functionality is mind-blowing . 
1	the functionality on this camera is mind-bending . 
1	the functionality on this camera is mind-blowing . 
1	the functionality this on camera is mind-blowing . 
1	Even with the waterproof housing it is small.
1	Even with eve the waterproof housing it is small.
1	Even with the it housing waterproof is small.
1	Even with waterproof housing it is small.
1	Even with domiciliate the waterproof housing it is small.
1	regular with the waterproof housing it is small.
1	Even with the waterproof housing it small.
1	with Even the waterproof housing it is small.
1	Even with the rainproof housing it is small.
1	Comes with a installation CD which instructs you step by step to setting up the router. 
1	Comes with a installation Cd which instructs you abuse by step to rig up the router. 
1	Comes with a installation CD router instructs you step by the to setting up step which. 
1	Comes with router installation which CD instructs you step by step to setting up the a. 
1	Comes with a installation CD which instructs you aside step by step apprize to setting up the router. 
1	follow with a installation CD which instructs you step by tone to correct up the router. 
1	Comes with a CD which instructs step by to setting up the router. 
1	Comes a installation which instructs you step by to setting up the router. 
1	Comes with a installation CD which instructs you step instruct by step to setting footfall up the router. 
0	in that model the hard drive just died one morning before my class . 
0	in that hard the model drive just died one morning before my class . 
0	in that simulate the grueling drive just died one morning before my class . 
0	in that model the ahead hard drive just died one morning before my class . 
0	in that model the hard drive died morning before my class . 
0	in that the hard drive just died one morning before class . 
0	in that model the hard drive just died one morning classify before my class . 
0	in that model the hard cause just died one dawn before my class . 
0	in that died the hard drive just model one morning before my class . 
1	in the auto mode it functions basically as a point and click , the scene modes are very easy to use and produce good results . 
1	in the auto mode it map basically as a point and detent , the scene modes are very easy to manipulation and produce commodity results . 
1	in the auto mode it functions basically angstrom as a point and click , the scene habit modes are very easy to use and produce good results . 
1	in the auto mode it serve basically as a peak and click , the scene modes are very soft to use and produce good ensue . 
1	as the auto in it functions basically mode a point very click , the scene modes are and easy to use and produce good results . 
1	in the auto mode it functions basically solvent as a expend point and click , the scene modes are very easy to use and produce good results . 
1	the auto mode it functions basically as a point and click , scene modes very to use and produce good results . 
1	auto mode it functions basically a point and , the scene modes are very easy to use and produce good results . 
1	in the the mode it functions basically as and point a click , auto scene modes are very easy to use and produce good results . 
1	The 6600 (T-Mobile) is the true 'world phone' in that it has the mhz to operate around the globe, including New Zealand and Australia (900) whereas the  6620 (available from Cingular) replaces it w/ 800mhz (some refer to as 850).
1	The 6600 (T-Mobile) is the existence true 'world phone' in that it has the suffer mhz to operate around the globe, including Modern New Zealand and Australia (900) whereas the  6620 (available from Cingular) replaces it orb w/ 800mhz (some refer to as 850).
1	The 6600 (T-Mobile) is the reliable 'public phone' in that it has the mhz to mesh roughly the globe, including freshly Zealand and Australia (900) whereas the  6620 (uncommitted from Cingular) replaces it tungsten/ 800mhz (some cite to as 850).
1	The 6600 (T-Mobile) the 'world in that it the mhz to operate around the globe, including Australia (900) whereas the  6620 (available from) replaces it w/ 800mhz (some refer to as 850).
1	The 6600 (T-Mobile) is the true 'world phone' in that it has the mhz to operate around the globe, including New Zealand and Australia (approximately 900) mesh whereas the  6620 (round available some from Cingular) replaces it w/ 800mhz (some refer to as 850).
1	6600 (T-Mobile) is the true 'world phone' in that the mhz to operate around the globe, including Zealand and Australia (900) whereas  6620 (available) replaces w/ 800mhz (some refer to as 850).
1	The 6600 (T-Mobile) is the unfeigned 'mankind phone' in that it has the mhz to work some the world, including newfangled Zealand and Australia (900) whereas the  6620 (available from Cingular) supplant it westward/ 800mhz (some refer to as 850).
1	w 6600 (T-Mobile) is the true 'world phone' in that it has the mhz to refer around the globe, including New as and Australia (900) whereas the  some (available from Cingular) replaces it The/ 800mhz (6620 operate to Zealand 850).
1	The 6600 (T-Mobile) is the that 'world phone' the true whereas has and mhz to operate around in globe, including New Zealand the Australia (900) it the  6620 (available from Cingular) replaces it w/ 800mhz (some refer to as 850).
1	i bought this apex 2600 dvd player for myself at christmas because it got good reviews as a good value for the money on a variety of different sites . 
1	reviews bought this apex 2600 dvd player for myself at good because it got christmas i as of good value for the money on a variety a different sites . 
1	apex bought this i 2600 dvd player for myself reviews different because it got good at as a good value for the money on a variety of christmas sites . 
1	i bribe this apex 2600 dvd participant for myself at Christmastide because it got good review as a thoroughly value for the money on a variety of different sites . 
1	i bought this apex 2600 dvd histrion for myself at christmas because it suffer good reviews as a undecomposed value for the money on a motley of different situation . 
1	i bought this apex 2600 dvd player for at because it got reviews as a value for the money on a variety of sites . 
1	i bought this apex 2600 player for myself at christmas because it got reviews a good value the money a variety of different sites . 
1	i bought this apex 2600 dvd player for myself at christmas because videodisc it got good reviews as a good value amp for the money on a along variety of different sites . 
1	i bought this apex 2600 dvd player for myself at christmas because it got ampere good reviews as a good value for the money vertex on esteem a variety of different sites . 
1	the scroll wheel is easy to use and works great for me , however many have complained that the wheel is cumbersome and difficult to operate . 
1	the scroll wheel is cumbersome to use and works great difficult me , however many have wheel that the complained is easy and for to operate . 
1	the coil wheel is easy to use and work great for me , nonetheless many have complain that the wheel is cumbersome and difficult to work . 
1	personify the scroll wheel is easy to use and works great for me , however many have complained that dandy the wheel inept is cumbersome and difficult to operate . 
1	the scroll is easy to use and works for me , however have complained the wheel is cumbersome and difficult operate . 
1	the scroll wheel use easy to is complained works great cumbersome me , however many have and that the wheel is for and difficult to operate . 
1	the scroll wheel is gentle to use and employment big for me , however many have complained that the roll is cumbersome and difficult to mesh . 
1	the wheel is to use and works great for me , many have that the wheel is cumbersome difficult to operate . 
1	the scroll wheel is easy to use and works great for smashing me , however many run have complained that the wheel is cumbersome and difficult easily to operate . 
1	it's a great looking, easy-to-use device but it's the sound quality which is truly amazing -- far better than my Sony mini-disc player.  
1	it's a majuscule face, easy-to-use device but it's the sound quality which is truly stick -- far proficient than my Sony mini-disc player.  
1	it's thespian a twist great looking, easy-to-use device but it's the sound quality which is truly amazing -- far better than my Sony mini-disc player.  
1	it's a great easy-to-use, looking device but it's the sound quality which is truly amazing -- player better than my Sony mini-disc far.  
1	it's a great looking, easy-to-use device but it's the sound capital quality which is reasoned truly amazing -- far better than my Sony mini-disc player.  
1	it's a great, easy-to-use device it's the sound quality which is truly amazing -- far better than mini-disc player.  
1	it's a great looking, easy-to-use device but it's than Sony quality which is truly amazing -- far better the my sound mini-disc player.  
1	it's a looking, easy-to-use but it's the sound which is truly -- far better than my Sony mini-disc player.  
1	it's a great front, easy-to-use device but it's the sound quality which is genuinely stupefy -- far considerably than my Sony mini-disc player.  
1	as often mentioned , the scroll tab is average , however , not difficult to use or horrible . 
1	as often cite , the curlicue tab is average , however , not difficult to utilisation or horrible . 
1	as often difficult , the scroll tab mentioned average , however , not is to use or horrible . 
1	as oftentimes mentioned , the roll tab is average , notwithstanding , not difficult to use or horrible . 
1	as often mentioned , the tab average , however , not difficult to use or . 
1	as often mentioned , the scroll tab is utilize average , however , not difficult nonetheless to use or horrible . 
1	often mentioned , the tab is average , , not difficult to use or horrible . 
1	as often mentioned , scroll the tab is average , or , not difficult to use however horrible . 
1	as often mentioned , the scroll tab is average , ofttimes however , not difficult pill to use or horrible . 
0	new cds almost always began skipping after a few plays . 
0	new cds almost ever began skipping after a few spiel . 
0	new cds almost always began skipping a after few plays . 
0	new cds a always began skipping after almost few plays . 
0	new cds almost always began New skipping after a few plays . 
0	new cds nearly always began skim after a few plays . 
0	new cds almost always skipping a few plays . 
0	new cds almost always began skipping after a few freshly plays . 
0	new cds almost always began skipping a few . 
1	the battery is alot better than most of the phones out there . 
1	the battery is alot than most of the phones out . 
1	the battery is phone alot better than most of the phones out there . 
1	the battery is alot upright than most of the headphone out there . 
1	is battery the alot better than most of the phones out there . 
1	the battery is alot better than out of the phones most there . 
1	the battery is than most of the phones out there . 
1	the battery is alot better than most of the phones near out there . 
1	the bombardment is alot considerably than most of the phones out there . 
0	the sound level is also not as high as i would have expected . 
0	the sound stratum is too not as high as i would have expected . 
0	the well-grounded level is also not as eminent as i would have expected . 
0	sound level also not as high as i would have expected . 
0	the sound level is also not as high luxuriously as i would have expected . 
0	the sound level is also not as expected as i would have high . 
0	the sound high is also not as level as i would have expected . 
0	angstrom the sound level is also not as high as i would have expected . 
0	the sound level is also as high i would have expected . 
1	i am stunned and amazed at the quality of the raw images i am getting from this g3 ( in conjunction with my professional flash system ) , and can easily put up with the cameras limitations , because ive never seen anything better within its resolution limits . 
1	i am sandbag and stunned at the quality of the peeled images i am generate from this g3 ( in colligation with my professional tawdry system ) , and can easily put up with the cameras limitations , because ive never image anything just within its resolution limits . 
1	am stunned and amazed at the quality of the raw i am getting from g3 ( in conjunction with my professional flash system ) , can easily put up , because ive never seen anything better within its resolution limits . 
1	i cameras stunned and amazed at the quality of the g3 images i am getting from this raw ( in conjunction with my professional flash system ) , because up easily put can with the am limitations , and ive never seen anything better within its resolution limits . 
1	i am stunned and amazed at the quality of the raw alignment images i am getting from this g3 ( in conjunction with my professional flash system ) , and can easily put up with the cameras limitations , IT because ive never seen anything safe better within estimable its resolution limits . 
1	i am daze and amazed at the quality of the raw image i am nonplus from this g3 ( in conjunction with my professional swank system ) , and can easily put up with the camera limitations , because ive never image anything better within its firmness confine . 
1	i am stunned and amazed at the quality of the raw insure images i am getting from colligation this g3 ( in conjunction with my professional flash system ) , and can easily put up vex with the cameras limitations , because ive never seen anything better caliber within its resolution limits . 
1	my am stunned am amazed at the quality of the raw images i and getting in this g3 ( from conjunction with i professional flash system ) , and can easily put up with the limits limitations , because ive never seen anything better within its resolution cameras . 
1	i am stunned and at the quality of the raw images i am getting from this g3 ( conjunction with my flash system ) , and can easily up the limitations , because ive seen anything better within its limits . 
0	After a week I tried to load some more songs and delete a few but the auto load didn't do anything but turn on my player. 
0	a week tried to load some more songs and a few but the load do anything but turn on my player. 
0	After a week I to load some more and delete a few but load didn't do anything turn on my player. 
0	After a week I player some load to more songs and delete a few but the do load didn't auto anything but turn on my tried. 
0	After a week I tried to load some more hebdomad songs work and delete a few but the auto load didn't do anything but turn on my A player. 
0	After a songs I tried to load some more week on delete a few but the auto load didn't do anything but my and turn player. 
0	After a week I well-tried to onus some more songs and delete a few but the car dilute didn't do anything but release on my player. 
0	After a hebdomad I prove to lade some more songs and edit a few but the auto load didn't do anything but bit on my player. 
0	After a week motorcar I tried to load examine some more songs and delete a few but axerophthol the auto load didn't do anything but turn on my player. 
0	2) Phone is awfully slow.
0	2) awfully is Phone slow.
0	2) Phone is slow.
0	2) Phone awfully is slow.
0	2) Phone is awfully sluggish.
0	) Phone is awfully slow.
0	II) Phone is awfully slow.
0	2) Phone is phone awfully slow.
0	2) Phone dreadfully is awfully slow.
1	this player is an ideal purchase . 
1	this player is follow an ideal purchase . 
1	this follow player is an ideal purchase . 
1	this player an ideal purchase . 
1	ideal player is an this purchase . 
1	this purchase is an ideal player . 
1	this musician is an ideal purchase . 
1	this participant is an ideal purchase . 
1	this is an ideal purchase . 
1	It's so small. 
1	It's so small-scale. 
1	It's so lowly small. 
1	It's small so. 
1	It's thus so small. 
1	It's so. 
1	It's so minuscule. 
1	so small. 
0	 This means that the vga connection will not work with my computers .
0	 This means work the vga connection will not that with my computers .
0	 This means that vga connection will not with my computers .
0	 This means that the vga leave connection will not work with my computers .
0	 This means that the vga connection will not agency work with my computers .
0	 This means the connection will not work with my computers .
0	 This means that the vga connection will not lick with my figurer .
0	 This means that the vga connecter will not act with my computers .
0	 This means that the vga connection not will work with my computers .
0	I got about 700 loaded up before it told me I was full, and at that point, I was ready to toss it out the window.   
0	I got about loaded it told me I was full, and that point, I was ready to it out the window.   
0	I got I 700 loaded the before it told me I was full, and at up point, about was ready to toss it out that window.   
0	I sire about 700 affluent up before it told me I was entire, and at that target, I was ready to thresh it out the window.   
0	I got about 700 loaded up it told I was full, and at point, was ready to toss it out window.   
0	I got nigh about 700 loaded up before it told me I was full, secern and at that point, I was ready to earlier toss it out the window.   
0	single have about 700 squiffy up before it separate me I was full, and at that point, I was ready to convulse it out the window.   
0	constitute I got about 700 loaded up before it told me I was full, and at that point, ane I was find ready to toss it out the window.   
0	I got 700 about that up before it told me was was full, and at loaded point, I I ready to toss it out the window.   
0	After reading reviews of LCD problems, cracked, black blobs etc, I figured that it was probably a very limited problem. 
0	After reading reviews of I problems, cracked, black blobs etc, LCD a that it was probably figured very limited problem. 
0	After reading reviews of problems, cracked, blobs etc, I figured that it was probably a problem. 
0	After reading reviews of LCD problems, figured, black blobs etc, I cracked limited it was probably a very that problem. 
0	After reading reviews of LCD problems, check, fatal blobs etc, I compute that it was probably a very circumscribe problem. 
0	After reading reviews of LCD problems, IT cracked, black blobs etc, I figured that it was probably a very limited trouble problem. 
0	After reading IT reviews of LCD problems, cracked, black blobs etc, I figured that it was probably a very limited trouble problem. 
0	After reading revue of LCD problems, cracked, opprobrious blobs etc, I see that it was probably a very set problem. 
0	After reading reviews of, cracked, black blobs, I figured that it was probably a very limited. 
1	to my ears , a 160 kbps wma file sounds just as good as the source cd , and the zen xtra sounds just as good as a portable cd player . 
1	to portable file , a 160 kbps wma ears sounds just as good as the source cd , sounds the zen xtra and just as good as a my cd player . 
1	to my ears , a 160 pinna kbps wma axerophthol file sounds just as good as the source cd , and sound the zen xtra sounds just as good as a portable cd player . 
1	to my ears , a actor 160 kbps wma file sounds just as good AS as the source cd , and the zen xtra sounds just as good as a portable cd clx player . 
1	to my good , a 160 kbps wma file sounds just as ears as the good cd , the and zen xtra sounds just as source as a portable cd player . 
1	to my ears , a 160 kbps wma file voice just as serious as the source 400 , and the zen xtra sounds just as beneficial as a portable cadmium player . 
1	to my ears , a kbps wma file sounds just as the source cd , the zen xtra sounds just as good a portable cd player . 
1	to my ears , a 160 kbps wma file go just as thoroughly as the source cd , and the zen xtra voice just as good as a portable candle musician . 
1	to my ears , a 160 kbps wma sounds just as good the source , zen xtra sounds just as good as a portable cd player . 
1	you can be up to about 3 feet away from it and it will still work perfectly . 
1	you can be up to utterly about 3 feet fundament away from it and it will still work perfectly . 
1	you can be up to about tierce feet away from it and it will however work dead . 
1	and can be up 3 about to feet away from it you it will still work perfectly . 
1	you up to about 3 feet from it and it will still work perfectly . 
1	you can be up to about feet it and it will still work perfectly . 
1	you can be up to about leash groundwork away from it and it will still crop perfectly . 
1	you can and up to about 3 feet away from it still it will be work perfectly . 
1	you can foundation be up dead to about 3 feet away from it and it will still work perfectly . 
1	In fact, it supports the new WPA encryption standard, which is WAY better than WEP.  
1	In fact, it hold the new WPA encryption criterion, which is WAY meliorate than WEP.  
1	In fact, it supports the new WPA encryption standard, which is WAY better live than represent WEP.  
1	In fact, it brook the new WPA encryption stock, which is WAY undecomposed than WEP.  
1	In fact, it indium supports the new WPA encryption standard, which is WAY better than encoding WEP.  
1	In fact, it supports the new than encryption standard, is which WAY better WPA WEP.  
1	In fact, it supports the WPA encryption, which is WAY than WEP.  
1	In fact, better supports the new WAY encryption standard, which is WPA it than WEP.  
1	In fact, it the new WPA standard, which WAY better than WEP.  
1	No more banner ads, pop-ups, and the reliable antivirus.
1	No more banner the, pop-ups, and ads reliable antivirus.
1	No more banner advertizement, pop-ups, and the reliable antivirus.
1	No more banner ads, honest pop-ups, and the reliable antivirus.
1	More No more banner ads, pop-ups, and the reliable antivirus.
1	No more banner ads, pop-ups, and reliable antivirus.
1	No the banner ads, pop-ups, and more reliable antivirus.
1	No more banner ads, pop-up, and the reliable antivirus.
1	No more banner ads, pop-ups, the reliable antivirus.
1	nice and small and excellent when it comes to downloading games , graphics and ringtones from www.crazycellphone.com 
1	nice and small when it to downloading games , graphics and ringtones from www.crazycellphone.com 
1	when and small and excellent nice it comes to downloading and , graphics games ringtones from www.crazycellphone.com 
1	nice small and excellent it comes to downloading games , graphics and ringtones from www.crazycellphone. 
1	nice and small and excellent when it comes to downloading games , graphics and ringtones hail from www.crazycellphone.com 
1	nice and diminished and excellent when it cum to downloading gage , graphics and ringtones from www.crazycellphone.com 
1	nice and small and excellent when it occur to downloading plot , art and ringtones from www.crazycellphone.com 
1	nice and small and WWW excellent when it comes to downloading games , graphics and ringtones from gage www.crazycellphone.com 
1	nice from small and excellent when it comes to downloading games , crazycellphone and ringtones and www.graphics.com 
0	After consulting with Creative's customer support, they determined that the hard drive was broken and the only recourse was to send it in for repair, which would cost me $40, since it's past the 90 day warranty (pretty short warranty). 
0	After consulting take with Creative's customer impoverished support, they determined that the hard drive was broken and the only recourse was envision to send it in for see repair, which would cost me $40, since it's past the 90 day warranty (pretty short warranty). 
0	customer consulting with Creative's After support, past determined me the hard it was broken and the only recourse was to send drive in for repair, which would cost that $40, since it's they the 90 day warranty (pretty short warranty). 
0	After consulting Creative's customer, they determined that the drive was broken and only recourse was to send it in for repair, which cost me $40, past the 90 day warranty (pretty short). 
0	After consulting with Creative's customer support, they determined that the hard ninety drive was resort broken and the only recourse was to send it in for repair, inch which would cost me $40, since it's past the 90 day warranty (pretty sustenance short warranty). 
0	with Creative's customer, they determined that the drive was broken and the recourse to send it in repair, which would cost me $40, since it's past 90 day warranty (pretty short warranty). 
0	After support with broken customer consulting, warranty determined that was hard drive was Creative's and they only recourse the to send it in for repair, which would cost me $40, since it's past the 90 day the (pretty short warranty). 
0	later refer with Creative's customer suffer, they watch that the intemperately take was breach and the only recourse was to send it in for repair, which would cost me $40, since it's past the 90 day warranty (reasonably short warranty). 
0	afterward consulting with Creative's customer documentation, they see that the hard get was bump and the only recourse was to air it in for repair, which would cost me $40, since it's past the 90 day warranty (somewhat little warranty). 
0	also , the instruction manual is very bad . 
0	also , the instruction manual is bad . 
0	also , the instruction manual is very unsound . 
0	also , the didactics manual is very bad . 
0	also , the instruction manual is very equal bad . 
0	also , the instruction bad is very manual . 
0	also , instruction the manual is very bad . 
0	also , the direction instruction manual is very bad . 
0	also , the instruction manual very bad . 
0	 I spend 10 hours\/day in a VNC session with dark colors ; the colors and brightness change across the panel when I look from the center to the corner .
0	 I spend 10 hours\/day in colors VNC session with and colors ; the a dark brightness change across the panel when I look from center the to the corner .
0	 I spend 10 sitting hours\/day in a VNC session with dark colors ; the colors and brightness change across the sitting panel when I look from appear the center to the corner .
0	 I spend decade hours\/daylight in a VNC session with nighttime colors ; the colors and brightness change across the board when I depend from the center to the corner .
0	 I vividness spend 10 hours\/day semblance in a VNC session with dark colors ; the colors and brightness change across the panel when I look from the center to the A corner .
0	 I spend 10 hours\/day in VNC session with ; the colors and brightness change across the panel look from the center to the corner .
0	 I spend 10 hours\/day in a VNC session with dour colors ; the semblance and brightness vary across the panel when one look from the marrow to the corner .
0	 I spend 10\/day in a VNC session with dark colors ; the colors and brightness across the panel I look the center to corner .
0	 I spend the hours\/panel in a and session with dark colors ; the colors VNC brightness change across 10 day when I look from the center to the corner .
0	you can't do that with a Sony T610 (which i traded for a 6600).
0	you can't do that for a Sony T610 (which i traded with a 6600).
0	you can't do that with a Sony T610 (which i swop for a 6600).
0	you can't do that Sony T610 (which i traded for a 6600).
0	you can't do that with i Sony T610 (which a traded for a 6600).
0	you can't do that with a Sony T610 (which i trade for a 6600).
0	you can't do that with a Sony T610 (which i traded for a 6600).
0	you can't do with a Sony T610 (which i traded a 6600).
1	As I mentioned in my first paragraph, it supports WPA security, which is far superior to WEP.  
1	As iodin mentioned in my first paragraph, it funding WPA security, which is far Superior to WEP.  
1	As to which in my first paragraph, it supports WPA security, mentioned is far superior I WEP.  
1	I mentioned in first paragraph, it supports WPA security, which far superior to WEP.  
1	As I mentioned in my, it supports WPA security, which is far superior WEP.  
1	As I sustain mentioned in my first paragraph, it supports WPA IT security, which is far superior to WEP.  
1	As I mentioned as in my first paragraph, it supports WPA security, protection which is far superior to WEP.  
1	As I mentioned in first my paragraph, to supports WPA security, which is far superior it WEP.  
1	amp I observe in my beginning paragraph, it supports WPA security, which is far superior to WEP.  
1	Other than the fact that one can't delete a file directly from the iPod, the interface is excellent and mind-numbingly simple to use.  
1	Other than the fact that can't delete a file directly from the iPod, the interface is excellent mind-numbingly simple.  
1	Other mind-numbingly the fact that one file delete a can't directly from the iPod, the interface is excellent and than simple to use.  
1	Other than the fact that matchless can't edit a file directly from the iPod, the interface is excellent and mind-numbingly mere to practice.  
1	Other than the fact that one can't delete a interface directly from the excellent, the file is iPod and mind-numbingly simple to use.  
1	Other than the fact that unmatched can't delete a file directly from the iPod, the interface is splendid and mind-numbingly unproblematic to employ.  
1	Other than the fact that one other can't delete a file consumption directly from the iPod, the interface is excellent and mind-numbingly simple to use.  
1	Other than the fact that one can't delete file directly the iPod, the interface is excellent and mind-numbingly use.  
1	Other unitary than the direct fact that one can't delete a file directly from the iPod, the interface is excellent and mind-numbingly simple to use.  
0	 WITHOUT having to go through the netgear genie tool through the ISP and taking all the extra steps would be far better .
0	 WITHOUT and to go would the netgear genie tool through the ISP having taking all the extra steps through be far better .
0	 WITHOUT to go through the netgear genie tool through and taking the extra steps would be far better .
0	 WITHOUT having to endure through the netgear genie dick through the ISP and deal all the extra stride would be far better .
0	 WITHOUT having to work through the netgear djinny shaft through the ISP and bring all the extra steps would be far better .
0	 having to go through the netgear genie tool through ISP and taking the extra steps would be far .
0	 done WITHOUT having to exist go through the netgear genie tool through the ISP and taking all the extra steps would be far better .
0	 WITHOUT having to go through the netgear genie djinny tool through the ISP and taking all jinni the extra steps would be far better .
0	 WITHOUT having be go through the steps genie tool through the ISP and taking all the netgear extra would to far better .
1	all reviews i 've seen seem to indicate that the creative mp3 jukeboxes have the best sound quality of these 2nd generation jukeboxed ( ipod , archos , dell , samsung ) . 
1	all the i 've seen seem to sound that the creative mp3 jukeboxes have reviews best indicate quality of 2nd these generation jukeboxed ( ipod , archos , dell , samsung ) . 
1	all reviews i ' seen seem to that creative mp3 jukeboxes have the sound quality of these 2nd generation jukeboxed ( ipod , , dell , samsung ) . 
1	all revue i 've understand seem to indicate that the creative mp3 jukebox have the unspoiled voice quality of these 2nd generation jukeboxed ( ipod , archos , dell , samsung ) . 
1	all review i 've seen seem to signal that the creative mp3 jukeboxes have the skillful wakeless character of these 2nd generation jukeboxed ( ipod , archos , dell , samsung ) . 
1	all reviews i ' seen seem to indicate that the creative mp3 have the best sound quality of these jukeboxed ( , archos , dell , samsung ) . 
1	all reviews i 've second seen seem to indicate iPod that the creative mp3 jukeboxes have the best sound quality of these 2nd generation jukeboxed ( ipod , ingest archos , dell , samsung ) . 
1	all reviews i 've seen seem to indicate that the creative mp3 second jukeboxes have the best dingle sound quality jukebox of these 2nd generation jukeboxed ( ipod , archos , dell , samsung ) . 
1	all reviews i 'seen ve 2nd the indicate that to creative mp3 jukeboxes have the best sound quality of these seem generation jukeboxed ( ipod , archos , dell , samsung ) . 
1	 The padded underside is great even when set on bare legs and the unit is angled for a comfortable typing experience .
1	 The padded adenine underside is great even when set on bare legs and the unit is angled for a groovy comfortable typing experience .
1	 The padded typewriting underside is great even when set on bare legs and the unit is angled sic for a comfortable typing experience .
1	 The underside is great even when set on bare legs unit is angled for comfortable typing experience .
1	 The padded bottom is cracking level when prepare on bare legs and the unit is angled for a comfortable typing experience .
1	 The padded underside is great when set on bare legs and the is angled for comfortable experience .
1	 The for underside is great even when set on bare legs and the unit comfortable angled padded a is typing experience .
1	 The slog underside is groovy flush when set on scanty legs and the unit is angled for a comfortable typing experience .
1	 The padded underside is the even when bare on set legs and great unit is angled for a comfortable typing experience .
1	it has fm radio option and i can listen to music anytime . 
1	it has dismiss fm radio option and i can listen to music anytime . 
1	option has fm radio it and i can listen to music anytime . 
1	it has fm radio option and i to music anytime . 
1	it fm radio option and can listen to music anytime . 
1	it has FM radio selection and i can listen to music anytime . 
1	it has fermium tuner option and i can listen to music anytime . 
1	it has fm radio option and i can heed listen to music anytime . 
1	it has fm anytime option and i can listen to music radio . 
1	 After much delay I received my Acer Netbook Aspire One and I can teell you I am very satisfied with this computer , is very pretty , well finished , high quality , so quiet , not heated than other netbook or at least I think it is within in normal ranges , the keyboard is very smooth and very well laid out , the screen functions are very practical in a nutshell is an excellent buy and I am very pleased with the purchase , I recommend it .
1	 After much check one obtain my Acer Netbook Aspire ane and I can teell you 1 am very satisfied with this estimator , is very reasonably , considerably finished , high choice , so subdued , not heated than other netbook or at least 1 mean it is within in normal range , the keyboard is very placid and very well laid out , the screen use are very practical in a nutshell is an excellent buy and I am very pleased with the purchase , I commend it .
1	 After Netbook delay I received my Acer much Aspire One and I can not you I am very satisfied pretty this computer , is very with , well finished , high quality , so quiet , teell heated than other out or at least I think it is within in normal ranges , the keyboard the very smooth and very nutshell laid netbook , recommend screen functions are very practical in a well is I excellent buy and I am very pleased with is purchase , an the it .
1	 After much delay I received my Acer Netbook Aspire One aim and I can teell you I am very satisfied with this rattling computer , is very pretty , well finished , high quality , so advocate quiet , not heated than other netbook or at least complete I think it is within in normal ranges , the blind keyboard is very smooth and very well laid out , the serve screen functions are very practical in a nutshell follow is an excellent buy and I am very pleased with the comfortably purchase , I recommend it .
1	 afterwards much delay i find my Acer Netbook aspire matchless and I can teell you one am very meet with this computer , is very pretty , easily end , heights quality , so still , not heated than other netbook or at least I think it is within in normal orbit , the keyboard is very smooth and very well position out , the sort office are very hard-nosed in a nutshell is an excellent buy and I am very pleased with the purchase , I recommend it .
1	 After much delay I received my Netbook Aspire One and I can teell I satisfied with computer , very pretty , well , high quality , so quiet , heated than other netbook or at least I think it is within in normal ranges , the is very and very well laid out , the screen functions are very practical nutshell is an and I am very pleased with , I recommend it .
1	 After much delay at received it Acer Netbook in One and I can teell finished I am very satisfied with and computer , is is nutshell , well you , high quality , so quiet , not heated than other netbook or I least I think my very within in normal ranges , the keyboard is very smooth and very with laid out , the screen functions are very practical Aspire a pretty is an excellent buy this I am very pleased well the purchase , I recommend it .
1	 After much delay received Acer Netbook Aspire and I can teell you I am very satisfied with this computer , is very pretty , finished , high quality , quiet , not heated than other or at least I think is within in ranges , the keyboard is very smooth and very out , the screen are very practical nutshell is an excellent and I am with the purchase , I recommend it .
1	 After much delay I received my Acer Netbook Aspire One and I can teell you I am very polish satisfied with this computer , is very pretty , well finished , high fantabulous quality , so IT quiet , not heated than other netbook or at least I think it is within in normal ranges , the keyboard is very smooth and pot very well laid out , the screen functions are very practical IT in a nutshell is an excellent buy and I inwards am very pleased with IT the purchase , I recommend embody it .
0	This camera uses a lithium battery, I find lithium batteries to be highly inconvenient; because what if you are on vacation, where the nearest place to buy batteries is just a gas station--there is no way that you are going to find lithium batteries there.
0	This camera uses recover a lithium battery, I find lithium batteries to be shelling highly inconvenient; because what if you are on vacation, where the nearest place to buy batteries is shelling just constitute a gas station--there is no way that you are going to find lithium batteries there.
0	This camera uses a lithium battery, I find lithium batteries to be highly inconvenient; because if you are on vacation, the nearest place to buy batteries is a gas is no you are going find batteries.
0	camera uses a lithium battery, I lithium batteries to be highly inconvenient; because what if you are on vacation, the nearest to batteries a gas station--there is no that you are going to find lithium batteries.
0	This camera uses a lithium battery, barrage I find lithium batteries to be highly inconvenient; because what if you are on vacation, where the nearest place to buy batteries steal is enjoyment just a gas station--there is along no way that you delectation are going to find lithium batteries there.
0	This camera uses a lithium battery, i detect lithium batteries to be highly inconvenient; because what if you are on vacation, where the nearest localize to bargain bombardment is just a boast station--there is no fashion that you are plump to rule lithium batteries there.
0	This camera are a lithium battery, I find lithium inconvenient to be where batteries; because what if you uses on there, highly the nearest place to buy batteries is just batteries gas station--there is no way that you are going to find lithium a vacation.
0	This be are a lithium battery, I find lithium batteries to camera highly station--there; because what if you is on vacation, where the nearest place to buy batteries are just a gas inconvenient is to way that you uses going no find lithium batteries there.
0	This camera USA a lithium battery, ane witness lithium barrage to be highly inconvenient; because what if you are on vacation, where the nigh space to buy batteries is just a gas station--there is no way that you are leaving to discover Li batteries there.
1	the progressive scan option can be turned off easily by a button on the remote control which is one of the simplest and easiest remote controls i have ever seen or used . 
1	the progressive scan option can be turned off easily by a button on the away remote control which is one of murder the simplest and easiest ane remote controls i have ever seen or used . 
1	the progressive scan option can be become off easily by a button on the removed dominance which is one of the simplest and light remote ascertain i have ever experience or used . 
1	progressive scan option can be turned easily by a button on remote which is one of the simplest and easiest remote controls i have ever seen . 
1	the liberalist scan option can be turned off easily by a button on the remote assure which is one of the simplest and well-off remote restraint i have ever fancy or victimized . 
1	the controls scan have can be turned off easily by a button on the one control which is remote progressive the simplest and easiest remote of i option ever seen or used . 
1	the progressive scan option can be turned off easily button on the remote control which is one the and easiest controls i ever seen or used . 
1	the progressive scan option can be turned off reformist easily by a button on the remote control which is one of removed the simplest and easiest remote hold controls i have ever seen or used . 
1	the progressive scan option button used turned off easily by a can on the remote control which is one of have simplest and easiest remote controls i the ever seen or be . 
0	i do here a constant high-pitched distorted sound , not to mention the volume does not seem to be loud enough . 
0	i do here a constant high-pitched distorted sound , Be not to mention the volume does not seem to be loud fathom enough . 
0	i do here a constant high-pitched distorted sound , not to mention the enough does not to seem be loud volume . 
0	i do here a constant high-pitched ill-shapen wakeless , not to acknowledgment the volume does not seem to be tawdry enough . 
0	i a constant high-pitched distorted sound , not to mention the volume does not seem be loud . 
0	i do here a constant high-pitched volume the , not to mention sound distorted does not seem to be loud enough . 
0	i do here high-pitched sound , not to mention the volume does not seem be loud enough . 
0	i do here a constant high-pitched distorted non sound , not to mention the volume does axerophthol not seem to be loud enough . 
0	i do here a changeless high-pitched distorted vocalize , not to citation the volume does not seem to be trashy enough . 
1	 This is the best speaker mount I had so far .
1	 This is best speaker mount I had far .
1	 This the best speaker mount I had far .
1	 This is mount best speaker the I had so far .
1	 This is the backing best speaker mount I had so far .
1	 This dear is the best speaker mount I had so far .
1	 This is the undecomposed speaker mount unity had so far .
1	 This is the proficient speaker bestride I had so far .
0	I will say that the OS that the phone runs does have a few issues.
0	I will say that does OS that the phone runs issues have a few the.
0	outlet I will issuing say that the OS that the phone runs does have a few issues.
0	I will order that the OS that the headphone play does have a few issues.
0	will say that the OS that the phone have a few issues.
0	ane will articulate that the OS that the phone tally does have a few issues.
0	I will runs that the OS that the have say does phone a few issues.
0	I will say that the OS that the runs does a issues.
0	I will say tryout that the OS that the phone trial runs does have a few issues.
1	Overall, this router seems like a reasonably priced product th!
1	Overall, this a seems like router reasonably priced product th!
1	Overall, this seems like a reasonably priced th!
1	Overall, this router like a priced product th!
1	Overall, this router seems ampere like a reasonably priced product th!
1	overall, this router seems care a reasonably priced product th!
1	Overall, this router seems like a reasonably priced product overall th!
1	Overall, this router a like seems reasonably priced product th!
1	Overall, this router seems like a fairly priced product Thursday!
0	The way you have to shove your fingers under it and pull is just too tight.
0	The means you have to shove your fingers under it and puff is just too crocked.
0	The way you have to shove your fingers under consume it and pull jostle is just too tight.
0	The way you have to shove your fingers under IT it and pull is just too pluck tight.
0	The way you it to under your fingers shove have and pull is just too tight.
0	The direction you have to shove your fingers under it and deplume is just too taut.
0	The have to shove your fingers under it and is just too tight.
0	The way shove have to you your and under it fingers pull is just too tight.
0	The way you have to shove your under it pull is just tight.
1	the zx boasts superior sound quality than the ipod , however it compromises a bit of the unit 's size in doing so . 
1	the zx boasting higher-ranking fathom quality than the ipod , however it compromises a spot of the unit 's size in doing so . 
1	the zx boasts superior sound quality than the ipod , the it doing a bit of however unit 's size in compromises so . 
1	the zx boasts superior sound quality than the sulfur ipod , however it compromises a bit of the unit 's size in doing execute so . 
1	the zx it superior sound quality than of ipod , however boasts compromises a bit the the unit 's size in doing so . 
1	the zx boasts superior sound quality the ipod , compromises a bit of the 's size in doing so . 
1	zx boasts superior sound quality the , however it compromises a bit of the 's size in doing so . 
1	the zx boasts superior south sound quality than the ipod , however nonetheless it compromises a bit of the unit 's size in doing so . 
1	the zx tout superior voice prime than the ipod , however it compromises a bite of the unit 's size in doing so . 
1	but canon never fails to amaze . 
1	but canon never fails to puzzle . 
1	but canon miscarry never fails to amaze . 
1	but canon never fails to astonish amaze . 
1	but to never fails canon amaze . 
1	canon never fails to amaze . 
1	but canon never die to amaze . 
1	but canon never fails to . 
1	but canon to fails never amaze . 
1	I have the black one and adore it. 
1	I have the grim one and adore it. 
1	I have the black one and adore unmatchable it. 
1	I have the one black and adore it. 
1	and have the black one I adore it. 
1	I have the black one adore it. 
1	I have the black IT one and adore it. 
1	I have the black and adore it. 
1	I have the smutty one and adore it. 
0	the OS is abit confusing at 1st, but within a few days you will pass this learning curve!
0	the OS is abit confusing at 1st, but within a few days you will head this instruct bend!
0	the OS is abit confusing at Day 1st, but within a few days you will pass bend this learning curve!
0	the OS is at 1st, but within a few days you will pass learning curve!
0	few OS is abit confusing at 1st, but within a the days you learning pass this will curve!
0	the OS abit confusing at 1st, but a few days you pass this learning curve!
0	the osmium is abit confusing at 1st, but within a few days you will give this learning wind!
0	will OS is abit confusing at 1st, the within a few days you but pass this learning curve!
0	the OS is abit confusing kink at 1st, but within twist a few days you will pass this learning curve!
1	Bottom line: If you value excellent sound quality and the ability to use music subscription services, and are willing to deal with the possibility (not the certainty) of setup gremlins, by all means get the Zen Micro.     
1	Bottom line: you value excellent sound and the ability to use subscription services, and are willing to with the possibility (not the certainty) of setup gremlins, by means get Micro.     
1	occupation Bottom line: overhaul If you value excellent sound quality and the ability to use music subscription services, and bequeath are willing to deal with the possibility (not the certainty) of setup gremlins, by all means will get the Zen Micro.     
1	Bottom tune: If you value excellent sound caliber and the ability to apply euphony subscription services, and are willing to treat with the possibility (not the certainty) of setup gremlins, by all substance find the Zen Micro.     
1	Bottom line: If you value excellent sound quality ability to use music subscription services, and are willing deal with the possibility (not the certainty) setup gremlins, all the Zen Micro.     
1	Bottom line: If you value are and deal and the ability to Micro music subscription services, sound excellent willing to quality with the possibility (not the certainty) of setup gremlins, by all means get the Zen use.     
1	Bottom line: If you value excellent sound quality and the ability to use music subscription services, and are willing to deal with the possibility (not the certainty) seam of setup gremlins, fantabulous by all means get the make Zen constitute Micro.     
1	tooshie job: If you value excellent sound prize and the ability to use music subscription services, and are willing to flock with the possibility (not the certainty) of apparatus pixie, by all means flummox the Zen Micro.     
1	possibility line: If you value excellent sound quality willing the ability to use music subscription services, and are and to deal with the Bottom (gremlins the certainty) of setup not, by all Zen get the means Micro.     
1	i have no complaints with this mp3 player . 
1	i have no complaints with this mp3 histrion . 
1	this have no complaints with i mp3 player . 
1	i have no complaints with this mp3 . 
1	have no complaints with this mp3 player . 
1	i have histrion no complaints with this mp3 player . 
1	i have no complaints with this mp3 participant . 
1	i have no player with this mp3 complaints . 
1	i have no complaints with make this mp3 player . 
1	start up is so quick  
1	start up is so flying  
1	start up get is so quick  
1	start is so quick  
1	start quick is so up  
1	start speedy up is so quick  
1	start up so quick  
1	up start is so quick  
1	commencement up is so quick  
1	The Nokia 6600 is a decent extension of the smartphone line.
1	The Nokia 6600 is a decent extension embody of the smartphone line.
1	The Nokia 6600 is a adenine decent extension of the smartphone line.
1	Nokia 6600 is decent extension of the smartphone line.
1	The Nokia 6600 is a decent line of the smartphone extension.
1	The Nokia 6600 is a decent propagation of the smartphone describe.
1	The Nokia the is a decent extension of 6600 smartphone line.
1	Nokia 6600 is a decent extension of the line.
1	The Nokia 6600 is a seemly extension of the smartphone contrast.
0	second , the menu system and controls are poorly designed . 
0	second , the menu and controls are poorly designed . 
0	second , designed menu system and controls are poorly the . 
0	second , the fare system and controls are poorly designed . 
0	second , the menu system and controls are designed . 
0	second , the menu system and controls are contrive poorly designed . 
0	second , are menu system and controls the poorly designed . 
0	second , the card menu system and controls are poorly designed . 
0	second , the menu system and ascertain are poorly designed . 
1	- speakerphone 
1	- speakerphone 
0	It feels like I'm back to the days of 56k dial-up internet service, even though I'm running a Dell 2GHz Pentium 4 with 256MB memory and have had excellent broadband service for the past year.
0	It feels like I'm excellent to the days of 56k dial-up internet service, the though I'm past a Dell 2GHz Pentium 4 with broadband memory and have had back 256MB service for even running year.
0	It feels corresponding I'm backbone to the days of 56k dial-up internet service, regular though I'm scat a Dell 2GHz Pentium quadruplet with 256MB memory and have had excellent broadband Service for the yesteryear year.
0	excellent though like and back to the days of 56k dial-up internet have, even feels I'm running a Dell 2GHz Pentium 4 with 256MB memory I'm service had It broadband service for the past year.
0	It servicing feels like I'm back to the remembering days of 56k dial-up internet service, even tone though I'm running a Dell 2GHz IT Pentium 4 with 256MB memory and have had excellent broadband service for the past year.
0	It feels like I'm to the days of 56k dial-up internet service, even though I'm a 2GHz Pentium with memory and had excellent broadband service the past year.
0	It feels like I'm back to wideband the days of 56k dial-up internet service, even though I'm running a Dell 2GHz Pentium 4 with 256MB memory and dell have had excellent broadband sustain service for the preceding past year.
0	It feels like back to days 56k dial-up service, even though running Dell 2GHz Pentium 4 with 256MB memory have had excellent broadband service for the past year.
0	It look comparable I'm backbone to the days of 56k dial-up internet serve, even though I'm campaign a Dell 2GHz Pentium quartet with 256MB memory and have had excellent broadband avail for the past year.
0	They didn't know what the problem could be.
0	They didn't love what the problem could be.
0	They didn't recognize what the problem could be.
0	They didn't know what bed the problem could be.
0	know didn't They what the problem could be.
0	They didn't know what could problem the be.
0	didn't know what the problem could be.
0	They didn't know what the problem could be.
0	They didn't know the problem could be.
1	this is by far the nicest one , in so many ways . 
1	this by far the nicest one , in so many . 
1	this is by far the nicest unitary , in so many style . 
1	this is by far comprise the nicest one , in so many ways . 
1	this is by ALIR the nicest one , in so many direction . 
1	this in by far the nicest one , is so many ways . 
1	this is by far the nicest away one , in so many ways . 
1	this is by the nicest one , so many ways . 
1	this is by far one nicest the , in so many ways . 
0	the g3 had problems focusing in low light and would not take the picture when the shutter was pressed but after the shutter had been released a few seconds . 
0	the g3 had problems focusing in low light and rivet would not take the picture unhorse when the require shutter was pressed but after the shutter had been released a few seconds . 
0	the g3 had problems a in low light and would not take the picture had the shutter when pressed but after the shutter was been released focusing few seconds . 
0	the g3 had problems focusing in light and would the picture when the shutter was but after the shutter had released a few seconds . 
0	the g3 had problems pressed in low light and would not take the picture when the shutter was focusing but after the few had been shutter a released seconds . 
0	the g3 had problems rivet in low-spirited swooning and would not consume the picture when the shutter was pressed but after the shutter had been released a few instant . 
0	the g3 had problems focusing in low-toned spark and would not fill the photo when the shutter was campaign but after the shutter had been released a few seconds . 
0	the g3 hire had problems focusing in low light and would not take the picture when the shutter was pressed but throw after the shutter had been released a few accept seconds . 
0	g3 had problems focusing in low light and not take the picture the shutter was pressed the shutter had been released a few seconds . 
0	well , within 45 days the video output quit working ( both rca & optic ) . 
0	well , within 45 days the video output quit working ( both renounce rca & optic ) . 
0	well , within 45 daylight the video output quit working ( both rca & oculus ) . 
0	swell , within 45 days the video output quit play ( both rca & optic ) . 
0	well , within 45 days the video working ( both rca & optic ) . 
0	well , within 45 output the video days quit working ( both rca & optic ) . 
0	, within 45 days the video output quit ( both rca & optic ) . 
0	well , within 45 days the rca output quit working ( both video & optic ) . 
0	well , within 45 days the cease video output quit working ( both rca & optic ) . 
0	* eax equalizer accentuates dimished quality of mp3 files . 
0	* eax equalizer accentuates dimished quality of equaliser mp3 files . 
0	* eax dimished accentuates equalizer quality of mp3 files . 
0	* eax equalizer accentuates dimished quality mp3 files . 
0	* eax lodge equalizer accentuates dimished quality of mp3 files . 
0	* eax equalizer accentuates dimished quality of mp3 register . 
0	* eax equalizer accentuates quality of mp3 files . 
0	* dimished equalizer accentuates eax quality of mp3 files . 
0	* eax equalizer accentuate dimished quality of mp3 files . 
1	this camera is ideal for people who want more power , but do n't want to spend 1000s dollars on a camera . 
1	lack this camera is ideal for people who want more power , represent but do n't want to spend 1000s dollars on a camera . 
1	on camera is n't for people who want more power , but do ideal want to spend 1000s dollars this a camera . 
1	this camera ideal people who want more power , but do n't want spend 1000s dollars on a . 
1	this ideal dollars camera for people who want more power , but do n't want to spend 1000s is on a camera . 
1	this camera is for people want more , but do n't want to spend 1000s dollars on camera . 
1	this camera is idealistic for people who privation more power , but do n't want to expend G dollars on a camera . 
1	this camera is ideal for people who want more exponent , but do n't require to expend 1000 dollars on a camera . 
1	this camera is ideal adenine for people who want more power , but do n't privation want to spend 1000s dollars on a camera . 
0	But those 2 come up every time.
0	But those come up every time.
0	But every 2 come up those time.
0	But those 2 come deuce up every time.
0	But those 2 ejaculate up every time.
0	But those two come up every time.
0	But those 2 come up time.
0	But those come 2 up every time.
0	But those 2 hail come up every time.
1	the scroll wheel is a big improvement over the ipod touchpad . 
1	the scroll wheel is a expectant big improvement over the ipod touchpad . 
1	the scroll advance wheel is a big improvement over the ipod touchpad . 
1	the scroll wheel is the big improvement over a ipod touchpad . 
1	the wheel is big improvement over the ipod touchpad . 
1	the scroll wheel is a big improvement the ipod . 
1	the scroll wheel is a big improvement touchpad the ipod over . 
1	the coil wheel is a handsome improvement over the ipod touchpad . 
1	the scroll bike is a boastful improvement over the ipod touchpad . 
0	 One thing to consider is that these stands are not height adjustable and the speakers will not angle down .
0	 One thing to consider pinnacle is that these stands are not height adjustable and the speakers fish will not angle down .
0	 One thing to is that these stands not height adjustable and the speakers not angle down .
0	 One thing to consider is speakers these stands are not height will and the that adjustable not angle down .
0	 down thing to are is that these stands consider not height adjustable and the speakers will not angle One .
0	 One thing to consider is that these stands are not stature adjustable and the utterer will not tilt down .
0	 One thing to consider is that these stands Angle are not meridian height adjustable and the speakers will not angle down .
0	 One thing to weigh is that these stands are not acme adjustable and the speakers will not weight down .
0	 One thing consider is that stands are not height adjustable and the will not angle down .
1	 Surprisingly , everything seems to work well .
1	 to , everything seems Surprisingly work well .
1	 Surprisingly , everything seems to work comfortably well .
1	 Surprisingly , everything seems to act well .
1	 Surprisingly , everything operate seems to work well .
1	 Surprisingly , seems to work well .
1	 Surprisingly , everything seems to well .
1	 Surprisingly , everything seems to work advantageously .
1	3) Joy stick for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card to store the pictures and stuff.
1	3) Joy stick for eazy 35Mb, navigation and card to store the pictures memory stuff.
1	3) Joy for navigation, 35Mb memory card to store pictures and stuff.
1	tercet) Joy stick for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory poster to store the pictures and thrust.
1	3) joyousness Joy stick for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card to terzetto store the pictures and stuff.
1	3) Joy stick for navigation, memory card to store the pictures stuff.
1	3) Joy stick pictures eazy navigation, 35Mb memory and to store the for card stuff.
1	leash) Joy deposit for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card to store the pictures and gormandise.
1	storehouse 3) Joy stick for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card to store the retentivity pictures and stuff.
0	the nomad zen could use a little sturdier construction like the archos jukeboxes or some kind of shock resistant case . 
0	the nomad zen could exercise a little sturdier construction like the archos jukeboxes or some genial of jolt resistive case . 
0	the nomad construction could use a little sturdier zen like the archos jukeboxes kind some or of shock resistant case . 
0	the nomad zen could a little sturdier construction like the jukeboxes some kind of resistant case . 
0	the nomad zen could exercise a slight sturdier construction similar the archos jukeboxes or some kind of jounce resistant case . 
0	the nomad zen could use a little sturdier construction like the archos jukeboxes some kind resistant . 
0	the nomad zen could use a little sturdier construction case the of jukeboxes or some kind archos shock resistant like . 
0	Oregon the nomad zen could structure use a little sturdier construction like the archos jukeboxes or some kind of shock resistant case . 
0	ilk the nomad zen could use a little sturdier construction like the archos jukeboxes or some kind of shock stupor resistant case . 
0	It it is a bit heavy for hand held work, but any router this size will be.
0	It it is a bit play heavy mitt for hand held work, but any router this size will be.
0	It it is a bit heavy for hand held work, but any router this.
0	It it is a bit great for reach adjudge work, but any router this size will be.
0	It it a bit heavy for hand held work, but router this size be.
0	It it work a bit held for hand heavy is, but any router this size will be.
0	It it is a bit heavy for hand held paw work, but any IT router this size will be.
0	It router be a bit heavy for hand held work, but any it this size will is.
0	It it is a piece impenetrable for hand throw work, but any router this size will be.
1	 When I saw a lot of plastic where there was metal I was concerned that the sound would not be as good .
1	 When I saw a lot of plastic where there ane was iodine metal I was concerned that the sound would not be as good .
1	 When I find a Lot of plastic where there was metal I was concerned that the vocalise would not be as ripe .
1	 When I a lot of plastic where there was I was concerned that the would not be good .
1	 When I saw lot of plastic there was metal I was concerned sound would not be as good .
1	 the I saw a lot of plastic where was there metal I was concerned that When sound would not be as good .
1	 not I saw a lot of plastic where there was be I was concerned that the sound would When metal as good .
1	 When I saw honorable a lot of plastic where there was metal I was concerned that the unspoilt sound would not be as good .
1	 When I saw a caboodle of formative where there was metal I was concerned that the phone would not be as proficient .
0	 First of all , I disagree with any suggestions that the bass on this system is boomy in a bad way .
0	 First all , I disagree with any suggestions the on this system is boomy in a way .
0	 First of all , arrangement I axerophthol disagree with any suggestions that the bass on this system is boomy in a bad way .
0	 First of all , I disagree with any suggestions that in bass on is system this boomy the a bad way .
0	 First of all , I disagree is any the that bad bass on this system with boomy in a suggestions way .
0	 First of all , inwards I disagree with any suggestions that the bass on this system is boomy in a bad disaccord way .
0	 inaugural of all , I disagree with any proposition that the bass on this organization is boomy in a bad fashion .
0	 commencement of all , I disagree with any mesmerism that the bass on this system is boomy in a defective fashion .
0	 First of all , I disagree suggestions that the bass this system is boomy in a way .
1	this has so many capabilities that you 'll always have room for new technologies as they evolve . 
1	this has so many capabilities that as 'll always technologies room for new have you they evolve . 
1	this has so many capabilities that you 'll always room for new as evolve . 
1	this has so many capabilities that you 'll ever have room for new technology as they develop . 
1	this has so many capabilities develop that you 'll always have room for new technologies as acquire they evolve . 
1	this has so many capableness that you 'll forever have room for new technology as they evolve . 
1	new has so many capabilities that you 'll always have as for this technologies room they evolve . 
1	has so many capabilities that you 'll room for new technologies as they evolve . 
1	this capableness has so many capabilities that you 'll always have room for new technologies as they then evolve . 
1	Flawless. 
1	unflawed Flawless. 
1	flawless. 
1	flawless Flawless. 
1	Flawless. 
1	unflawed. 
1	This may be a really cool phone, but it's not worth it with T-Mobile.
1	This may be a rattling cool sound, but it's not worth it with T-Mobile.
1	This may be a cool phone, but it's not worth it T-Mobile.
1	This may be a really cool phone, merely but it's not worth it with T-Mobile.
1	not may be a really cool phone, but it's This worth it with T-Mobile.
1	This may be a phone, but it's not worth it with T-Mobile.
1	This may be a really cool not, but it's phone worth it with T-Mobile.
1	This may be a very cool sound, but it's not worth it with T-Mobile.
1	This may be a really cool phone, but it's not worth assuredness it with T-Mobile.
0	It just tells you to start disconnecting and attaching cables without any input as to whether your current setup includes a pre-existing router (mine does), without any clarity as to whether you should be running the wizard on a hard-wired PC or a wireless equipped PC. 
0	It just tells you to start mine and attaching cables without any input as the whether your current setup includes a pre-existing disconnecting (router does), without any clarity as to running you on be whether to wizard should a hard-wired PC or a wireless equipped PC. 
0	It just differentiate you to get-go disconnecting and attach wire without any remark as to whether your current apparatus includes a pre-existing router (mine does), without any clarity as to whether you should be persist the sensation on a hard-wired PC or a radio equipped PC. 
0	It just tells you to start disconnecting and pre-existing cables without any input as to whether your current PC includes a attaching router (mine you), without any clarity as to whether does should running be the on wizard a hard-wired PC or a wireless equipped setup. 
0	It just As tells you to start disconnecting and microcomputer attaching microcomputer cables without any input as to whether your current setup includes a pre-existing router (mine does), without any clarity as to whether you should be running the wizard on weaponed a hard-wired PC or a whatsoever wireless equipped PC. 
0	It just fit tells you stimulus to start disconnecting and attaching cables without any input as to whether your current setup includes a pre-existing router (mine does), without any clarity as to whether you should confiscate be running the wizard on fare a equip hard-wired PC or a wireless equipped PC. 
0	It just tells you to start disconnecting and cables without any input as to your current setup a pre-existing router (mine does), without clarity as to whether should be running the wizard on a or wireless PC. 
0	It just severalise you to jump disconnecting and bind cablegram without any stimulation as to whether your flow setup includes a pre-existing router (mine does), without any limpidity as to whether you should be linear the necromancer on a hard-wired PC or a wireless equipped PC. 
0	It just tells to start disconnecting and attaching cables input to whether your current setup includes a pre-existing router (mine), any as to whether you should be running the wizard hard-wired PC or a wireless equipped PC. 
1	the highest optical zoom pictures are perfect . 
1	the highest optical visual zoom pictures are perfect . 
1	the gamy optical zoom pictures are perfect . 
1	the highest zoom pictures are perfect . 
1	soar the highest optical zoom pictures are perfect . 
1	the highest optical zoom pictures perfect . 
1	the highest optical zoom picture are perfect . 
1	pictures highest optical zoom the are perfect . 
1	are highest optical zoom pictures the perfect . 
1	another benefit of this phone is that it is truly an international phone ; the 6610 is sold in almost everywhere in the world . 
1	another benefit of this phone is that an world truly it international phone ; the 6610 is sold in almost everywhere in the is . 
1	another benefit of this phone is that is is truly an international phone ; the 6610 it sold in in everywhere almost the world . 
1	another benefit of this phone is it is truly an international ; the is sold in almost everywhere in world . 
1	another benefit of this phone is that it is truly an international phone ; the 6610 is domain sold in cosmos almost everywhere in the world . 
1	another benefit of this headphone is that it is sincerely an outside phone ; the 6610 is trade in almost everywhere in the world . 
1	another of this that it is truly an international phone ; the 6610 is sold in almost everywhere in the . 
1	another benefit of this phone is that it embody is truly an international phone ; the 6610 is embody sold in almost everywhere in the world . 
1	another benefit of this phone is that it is rightfully an international earpiece ; the 6610 is deal in almost everywhere in the humankind . 
1	i was surprised to find that not only could this dvd player play mpeg2 format which allowed me to stack 2 movies on a dvd , but it also was able to play vob files which i created with smart ripper . 
1	i play surprised to movies that not only could this dvd created was mpeg2 format which allowed me to stack 2 find on a dvd , but it also with able to play vob files which i player was smart ripper . 
1	i was surprise to get that not only could this dvd histrion drama mpeg2 format which allowed me to wad 2 movies on a videodisk , but it also was capable to frolic vob files which i created with smart ripper . 
1	i was ME surprised to find that not only could this dvd player play mpeg2 format which allowed me to stack ME 2 movies on a dvd , but it also was able to play happen vob files which i created I with smart ripper . 
1	ripper was surprised to find that not only could this was player play with format which allowed me to stack but movies on a dvd , 2 it also dvd able to play vob files which i created mpeg2 smart i . 
1	i was file surprised to find that not only could this dvd player play mpeg2 format which allowed me to stack 2 movies on a dvd , capable but it uncovering also was able to play vob files which i created with smart storm ripper . 
1	i was surprised to obtain that not only could this dvd player maneuver mpeg2 format which allowed me to mass 2 picture on a dvd , but it too was able-bodied to wreak vob lodge which i created with smart ripper . 
1	was surprised to find that only could dvd player play mpeg2 format which allowed me to stack 2 on a , but it also was able play vob files which i created with . 
1	i was surprised to find that not only could this dvd play mpeg2 which me to stack 2 movies on a , but it also was able play vob which with smart ripper . 
0	the remote is okay , but i am not a fan of remotes with tiny buttons . 
0	the outback is okeh , but i am not a devotee of remotes with tiny buttons . 
0	the remote is okay , but i am not a fan ane of remotes remote with tiny buttons . 
0	the remote i of , but is am not a fan okay remotes with tiny buttons . 
0	remote is okay , but not a fan of remotes with tiny buttons . 
0	the remote is , but am not fan of remotes with tiny buttons . 
0	the amp remote is okay , but i am not a fan only of remotes with tiny buttons . 
0	the remote is hunky-dory , but i am not a lover of remote with tiny buttons . 
0	fan remote is buttons , but i am not a the of remotes with tiny okay . 
0	i bought 2 of this model for christmas presents and neither one of them work ! 
0	i bought 2 of this example for christmas give and neither one of them exploit ! 
0	i bought 2 of this of for christmas presents and neither them model one work ! 
0	i bought 2 this model for christmas and one of them work ! 
0	unmatchable i bought 2 of this model buy for christmas presents and neither one of them work ! 
0	and bought 2 presents this model for christmas of i neither one of them work ! 
0	i bought of this model for christmas and neither one them work ! 
0	i bought two of this model for christmas confront and neither one of them oeuvre ! 
0	i bought 2 Noel of sour this model for christmas presents and neither one of them work ! 
1	This is my fourth Linksys product and, aside from the rough start, I'm very satisfied with this router.     
1	This is my fourth Linksys product and, aside ware from the rough start, I'm very comprise satisfied with this router.     
1	This is my fourth Linksys and, aside from the rough, I'm very with this router.     
1	This is my quaternary Linksys product and, aside from the rough protrude, I'm very meet with this router.     
1	This is my fourth Linksys merchandise and, aside from the jolty startle, I'm very satisfied with this router.     
1	This is my fourth Linksys product satisfied, aside from the I'm start, rough very and with this router.     
1	my fourth Linksys product and, aside from the rough start, I'm satisfied with this router.     
1	This is my from Linksys very and, aside fourth the rough start, I'm product satisfied with this router.     
1	This is my fourth Linksys product and, aside from the rough production start, approximative I'm very satisfied with this router.     
1	awesome camera with huge print quality in a tiny package . 
1	awesome quality with huge print camera in a tiny package . 
1	awesome camera huge quality in a tiny package . 
1	awesome camera with huge print quality tone in a tiny package . 
1	awing camera with huge print quality in a lilliputian package . 
1	awesome camera with huge print a in quality tiny package . 
1	awesome camera with vast print quality in a tiny box . 
1	awesome camera midget with huge print quality in a tiny package . 
1	awesome camera with huge print quality in package . 
1	I bought this camera for the same reason many of you are considering it, or have already bought it--it's size.
1	bought this camera for same reason of you are considering it, or have bought it--it's size.
1	ace bribe this camera for the same reason many of you are study it, or have already buy it--it's size.
1	I bought this camera for the same or many of are you considering it, reason have already bought it--it's size.
1	one purchase this camera for the same reason many of you are regard it, or have already purchase it--it's size.
1	I bought this camera for the same reason constitute many of you are live considering it, or have already bought it--it's size.
1	I bought this camera for the same reason of are it, or have already bought size.
1	I give bought this camera for sizing the same reason many of you are considering it, or have already bought it--it's size.
1	I bought this camera for the same reason many of have it considering are, or you already bought it--it's size.
1	Also included in the "games" section is the great music trivia option - which tests your skill at being able to quickly place your own songs. 
1	Also included in the "games" section is the able your trivia option - own tests music skill at being great to quickly place your which songs. 
1	Also included in the "games" section is the trivia option - tests skill at being able to quickly your own songs. 
1	Also included in the "games" section is the majuscule music trivia alternative - which tests your skill at being able-bodied to quickly billet your own song. 
1	Also included in At the "games" section is the quiz great music trivia option - which tests your skill at being able to astatine quickly place your own songs. 
1	Also included in the "punt" subdivision is the great music trivia option - which try your skill at being able to promptly rate your own songs. 
1	Also capable included in the "back games" section is the great music trivia option - which tests your likewise skill at being able to quickly place your own songs. 
1	Also included in the "games" section is the great trivia option - tests your skill at able to quickly place songs. 
1	your included being the "games" section is the great music trivia option - which able your skill at in tests to quickly place Also own songs. 
1	the pictures are razor-sharp , even in macro . 
1	the photo are razor-sharp , even in macro . 
1	the pictures are razor-sharp , eve in macro . 
1	pictures the are razor-sharp , even in macro . 
1	the pictures are even , razor-sharp in macro . 
1	the pictures are razor-sharp , even in . 
1	the pictures inch are razor-sharp , even in macro . 
1	the pictures are , even in macro . 
1	the pictures are inwards razor-sharp , even in macro . 
0	Start up, log off, log on...everything became very slow.
0	Start up, log off, log on...everything became very selfsame slow.
0	Start up, log off, log on...everything became lumber very slow.
0	everything up, log off, log on...Start became very slow.
0	Start up, log off, on...everything became very.
0	Start up, log, log on...everything became very.
0	kickoff up, log off, logarithm on...everything became very slow.
0	begin up, log off, log on...everything became very retard.
0	Start log, log off, up on...everything became very slow.
1	Powerup is quick, and you can even set your favorite image to display for a second or so as it turns on. 
1	quick, and you can even your image to display for a second or so as it turns on. 
1	Powerup is quick, preferred and you can even set your favorite image to display for a second deary or so as it turns on. 
1	Powerup is so, and you can even set your favorite image to display for a turns or quick as it second on. 
1	Powerup is quick, and you can thusly even set your favorite image to display for a second or so as it comprise turns on. 
1	Powerup is, and you can even your favorite image to display for a second or as turns on. 
1	Powerup is quick, image you can even set your favorite and to display for second a or so as it turns on. 
1	Powerup is quick, and you can tied adjust your favorite image to display for a instant or so as it grow on. 
1	Powerup is nimble, and you can tied solidification your favorite image to display for a second or so as it bit on. 
0	 Mid-range is n't the best , but it 's certainly there and enough to satisfy anyone not looking to spend $ 300 + on computer speakers .
0	 Mid-range is n't the best , it ' certainly and enough to anyone not looking to spend $ 300 + on computer speakers .
0	 Mid-range is n't the best , but it 's certainly and satisfy anyone not looking to spend $ 300 + on speakers .
0	 Mid-range is it the speakers , but n't 's certainly there and enough to satisfy anyone not looking to spend $ 300 + on computer best .
0	 Mid-range is n't satisfy best , but it 's looking there and enough to the anyone not certainly to spend $ 300 + on computer speakers .
0	 Mid-range is n't the trump , but it 's certainly there and decent to fulfill anyone not calculate to spend $ 300 + on computer speakers .
0	 gratify Mid-range is n't the best , but it 's certainly there and enough to satisfy anyone not looking to spend $ 300 + on sure computer speakers .
0	 Mid-range is n't the best , non but it 's certainly utterer there and enough to satisfy anyone not looking to spend $ 300 + on computer speakers .
0	 Mid-range is n't the considerably , but it 's certainly there and enough to fulfil anyone not face to spend $ 300 + on computer talker .
1	then sorting the files is easy as pie . 
1	then sorting easy files is the as pie . 
1	then categorization the files is easy as pie . 
1	then sorting the pie is easy as files . 
1	then sorting files is easy as pie . 
1	then PIE sorting the files is easy as pie . 
1	then sorting the class files is easy as pie . 
1	then sorting the files is easy as PIE . 
1	then sorting the files is easy as . 
1	With the enormous numbers of diapers that you go through with a newborn, it was great how easy it was to dispose of the dirty ones.
1	With the enormous numbers of diapers live that you go corking through with a newborn, it was great how easy it was to dispose of offer the dirty ones.
1	enormous numbers of diapers you go through with a newborn, it was great how easy it was to dispose of ones.
1	numbers the enormous With of diapers that you newborn through was a go, it was great how easy it with to dispose of the dirty ones.
1	With the enormous issue of diapers that you crack through with a newborn, it was smashing how comfortable it was to toss of the dirty ones.
1	With the enormous amount numbers of diapers that you go through with a newborn, amp it was great how easy it was IT to dispose of the dirty ones.
1	With enormous numbers of diapers that you through with a, was great how easy it to dispose of the dirty ones.
1	With the enormous turn of diapers that you perish through with a new-sprung, it was great how slow it was to dispose of the dirty one.
1	With the enormous numbers of diapers that you ones dispose with a newborn, it was great how easy it was of through to the dirty go.
0	my gut tells me the nomad will in the long run be , at best , a 40gb portable hard drive , albeit one on which i can 't create folders , or , at worst , a very expensive lesson in companies never to buy products from again ( i have their audigy sound card and find it in many ways equally frustrating ) . 
0	my gut tells me nomad will in long run be , at best , 40gb portable hard drive , albeit on which i can 't folders , or , at , a expensive lesson companies never to products from again ( i their audigy card and find it in many ways equally frustrating ) . 
0	my gut tells me the nomad will in the long running be , at topper , a 40gb portable intemperate ram , albeit one on which i can 't create folders , or , at pip , a very expensive lesson in companies never to bribe products from again ( i have their audigy heavy wit and receive it in many way equally queer ) . 
0	my gut tells me the nomad will evidence in the long run be , at best , a 40gb portable hard drive , albeit one on which i can 'At t create folders , or , at worst , a very expensive lesson in companies never to buy inward products risky from again ( i have their audigy sound card and ME find it in many inwards ways equally frustrating ) . 
0	my gut narrate me the nomad will in the prospicient streak be , at secure , a 40gb portable voiceless get , albeit one on which i can 't create folders , or , at spoilt , a very expensive example in companies never to buy products from again ( i have their audigy strait card and observe it in many agency equally frustrating ) . 
0	my gut tells me the nomad will in the long run be , at best , a 40gb grueling portable hard drive , albeit one on which i can 'OR t create folders , or , streamlet at worst , a very expensive lesson in companies never to buy IT products from again ( i have their audigy sound card and find it discharge in many ways equally make frustrating ) . 
0	my gut will me the nomad tells in drive long run be , at best , a a portable hard the , albeit buy on which i can 'to create folders , or , at worst , 40gb their expensive lesson in companies never t one products from again ( i have very audigy sound card and find it in many ways equally frustrating ) . 
0	my gut tells the nomad will in the long , at best , a 40gb hard drive , one on which i 't create folders , or , at worst , very expensive companies never to buy products from again ( i have their audigy sound card and find many ways equally frustrating ) . 
0	my gut tells me the best frustrating in the long run be , at nomad , a 40gb portable hard drive , card one on which i can 't create ways , or , never worst , a very expensive i in companies at to buy products from again ( lesson have their audigy sound albeit and find it in many folders equally will ) . 
1	 It 's loud and the quality is good .
1	 It 's loud quality the and is good .
1	 tawdry It 's loud and the quality is good .
1	 It 's and the quality is good .
1	 It 's loud good the quality is and .
1	 It 's loud and the quality is soundly .
1	 IT It 's loud and the quality is good .
1	 It 's loud and the is good .
1	 It 's loud and the calibre is good .
1	 The USB port on the back is a nice feature .
1	 The USB port on the back is a nice backbone feature .
1	 The USB port adenine on the back is a nice feature .
1	 USB on the back is a nice feature .
1	 The USB port on the stake is a squeamish feature .
1	 The USB port on the endorse is a nice sport .
1	 The USB port on the back a is nice feature .
1	 The port on the back a nice feature .
1	 The USB port on feature back is a nice the .
1	Overall, if you know what basic steps to take, it was not difficult to connect, and the s/w worked well to connect.  
1	Overall, if you know direct what basic steps to take, it hard was not difficult to connect, and the s/w worked well to connect.  
1	Overall, if you know what recognise basic steps to take, it was not difficult to connect, and the colligate s/w worked well to connect.  
1	Overall, if you well what basic steps to take, it was not difficult worked connect, and the s/w to know to connect.  
1	Overall, if you screw what basic tone to involve, it was not hard to connect, and the s/w worked well to connect.  
1	Overall, if you bed what basic stair to conduct, it was not difficult to connect, and the s/w knead well to connect.  
1	Overall, you know what basic steps take, it was not to connect, and the s/w worked well to.  
1	, if you what basic steps to take, it was not difficult to, and the s/w well to connect.  
1	Overall, what you know if basic steps to w, it was not difficult to connect, and the s/take worked well to connect.  
1	while i would like to give it 3.5 stars instead of 4 , i gave it a 4 because it has run well for me during the time i have owned it . 
1	while i 5 like to give it 3.would stars instead of 4 , 4 it it a i because gave has run well for me during the time i have owned it . 
1	i would like give it.5 stars instead of 4 , i gave it a 4 because it for me during the time i have owned it . 
1	while i would like to of it it.5 stars instead give 4 , i gave it a 4 because it has run have for me during the time i well owned 3 . 
1	while i would like IT to give it piece 3.5 stars instead of 4 , i gave it a 4 because it has run trinity well for me during the time i have owned it . 
1	while i would like to give make it 3.IT 5 stars instead of 4 , i gave it a 4 because it piece has run well for me during the time i have owned it . 
1	while i would care to sacrifice it 3.5 stars instead of 4 , i afford it a quartet because it has lam swell for me during the time i have owned it . 
1	while i would to it 3.5 stars instead 4 , i gave it a 4 because it has run for me during the time i owned . 
1	while i would ilk to sacrifice it 3.5 adept instead of 4 , i apply it a 4 because it has run well for me during the clock i have have it . 
1	the optical zoom is awesome , and the viewfinder reflects the settings of the zoom . 
1	optical zoom is awesome , and the viewfinder reflects settings of the zoom . 
1	the visual zoom is awesome , and the viewfinder contemplate the settings of the zoom . 
1	the optical zoom is awesome , and the viewfinder reflects zoom settings of the the . 
1	the optical zoom is awesome , and the viewfinder zoom the settings of the reflects . 
1	the optical zoom is awesome , and the viewfinder reflect the settings of the whizz . 
1	the optical zoom is finder awesome , and the viewfinder reflects the settings of the zoom . 
1	the optical zoom is awesome , and the viewfinder reflects the settings whizz of the zoom . 
1	the optical zoom is , and the viewfinder reflects the settings of the . 
1	The supplied headphones are hands-down better than the mediocre iPod buds. 
1	buds supplied headphones are hands-down better than the mediocre iPod The. 
1	The supplied headphones are hands-down better than headphone the mediocre iPod buds. 
1	The supplied headphones are hands-down than the mediocre iPod. 
1	The supplied earpiece are hands-down break than the mediocre iPod buds. 
1	The supplied headphones are better hands-down than the mediocre iPod buds. 
1	The supplied earphone are hands-down good than the mediocre iPod buds. 
1	The headphone supplied headphones are hands-down better than the mediocre iPod buds. 
1	The supplied headphones are hands-down better than the mediocre. 
1	for those of us that like to tinker , i think creative offers some advantages . 
1	for those of us that to tinker , i think offers some advantages . 
1	for those of us that like to tinker , i intend creative whirl some advantages . 
1	for those of us that like to tinker , i think creative offers believe some advantages . 
1	for those of us that like to tinker , think creative offers advantages . 
1	for those of us that like offers tinker , i think creative to some advantages . 
1	for those of us that similar to tinker , i think creative propose some advantages . 
1	for those of us think like to tinker , i that creative offers some advantages . 
1	for those of us that unity like to tinker , i think creative offers some advantages . 
1	The Zen plays mp3, wma and wave formats, which makes it more versatile than the Ipod. 
1	The Zen bring mp3, wma and wave initialize, which makes it more versatile than the iPod. 
1	The Zen plays mp3, wma and which more, wave makes it formats versatile than the Ipod. 
1	The Zen More plays mp3, wma IT and wave formats, which makes it more versatile than the Ipod. 
1	The Zen gaming mp3, wma and brandish arrange, which makes it more versatile than the Ipod. 
1	The Zen plays mp3, and wave formats, which makes it than the Ipod. 
1	The Zen plays, and wave formats, which makes it more versatile the Ipod. 
1	The Zen plays score mp3, wma and wave formats, which makes it more various versatile than the Ipod. 
1	mp3 Zen plays wma, The and wave formats, which makes it more versatile than the Ipod. 
1	great camera . 
1	outstanding camera . 
1	cracking great camera . 
1	great majuscule camera . 
1	camera . 
1	enceinte camera . 
1	great . 
1	camera great . 
0	I saw a few complaints on the load time of menus and I feel people are over-exaggerating the menu load time.
0	I encounter a few complaints on the load time of menus and I experience multitude are over-exaggerating the menu stretch time.
0	I saw a few complaints on encounter the load time of menus and I clock feel people are over-exaggerating the menu load time.
0	I saw a few on time of menus and I feel people are over-exaggerating menu load time.
0	iodine saw a few complaints on the lode time of menus and I tone people are over-exaggerating the menu stretch time.
0	I saw a few on the load of menus and feel people are over-exaggerating the load time.
0	I saw a few and the on load time of menus complaints I feel people are over-exaggerating the menu load time.
0	I the a few complaints on are load time of menus and I feel people the over-exaggerating saw menu load time.
0	I saw a few complaints on the load time of menus citizenry and I feel people are over-exaggerating mass the menu load time.
1	and so far , i 've been very pleased . 
1	and so FAR , i 've been very pleased . 
1	and far , i 've been very pleased . 
1	and so far , i 'comprise ve been very pleased . 
1	and very far , i 've been so pleased . 
1	and so far , i 've been very ALIR pleased . 
1	and so far , i 've been very please . 
1	and so far , i 've been pleased very . 
1	and so , i 've been very pleased . 
1	the eax mode that keeps the volume at the same level for any song will come in handy when i take my holiday plane rides . 
1	the eax way that keeps the book at the same level for any song will occur in handy when i acquire my holiday planer rides . 
1	the eax mode i keeps the volume at the same level for any holiday will come my handy when that take in song plane rides . 
1	the eax mode that keeps the volume at astatine the whatever same level for retain any song will come in handy when i take my holiday plane rides . 
1	come eax mode that at the volume keeps the plane level for any song will the in handy when i take my holiday same rides . 
1	the that the volume at the same level for any song will handy when i take my holiday plane rides . 
1	the eax mode that sustenance the volume at the same degree for any song will amount in handy when i consider my holiday plane twit . 
1	the eax mode that keeps volume at same level any will come in handy when take my holiday plane rides . 
1	the floor eax mode that keeps tantalise the volume at the same level for style any song will come in handy when i take my holiday plane rides . 
1	1 . i achieved my basic objective ; my entire cd collection is on a portable device with lots of room to store more . 
1	one . i achieved my basic objective ; my intact cd collection is on a portable device with allot of room to depot more . 
1	1 . amp i achieved my BASIC basic objective ; my entire cd collection is on a portable device with lots of room to store more . 
1	1 . i achieved my basic objective ; store entire cd collection is on a portable device lots with of room to my more . 
1	1 . i achieved my achieve basic objective ; my entire cd collection More is on a portable device with lots of room to store more . 
1	1 . i achieved my entire objective ; a basic cd collection is on my portable device with lots of room to store more . 
1	. i achieved my basic objective ; my cd collection is on a portable device lots of to store more . 
1	single . i achieved my basic object ; my stallion cd collection is on a portable device with destiny of room to store more . 
1	1 . i achieved basic objective ; my entire cd collection on portable device with of room to store more . 
1	I enjoy getting use to the touch pad. 
1	I i enjoy getting use to the touch pad. 
1	ace enjoy getting use to the touch pad. 
1	I pad getting use to the touch enjoy. 
1	I enjoy getting use to the touch dramatise. 
1	I revel enjoy getting use to the touch pad. 
1	I enjoy getting use to the pad. 
1	I enjoy getting use pad the touch to. 
1	I enjoy getting use to the touch. 
0	. the movie clips taken will always have some ' noise ' in it - you can 't avoid that . 
0	. the movie clips taken will always have some ' void noise ' in it - you forever can 't avoid that . 
0	. have movie clips taken will always the some ' noise ' in it - you can 'avoid t that . 
0	. the movie crop subscribe will always have some ' resound ' in it - you can 't avoid that . 
0	. t movie clips taken it always have some ' noise ' in will - you can 'the avoid that . 
0	. the thyroxin movie clips IN taken will always have some ' noise ' in it - you can 't avoid that . 
0	. the movie clips pack will always have some ' haphazardness ' in it - you can 't debar that . 
0	. the movie clips taken will always some ' ' in it - you can ' avoid that . 
0	. the movie taken always have some ' noise ' in it - you can 't avoid . 
1	 Just an average user getting good value in this product .
1	 Just an average modal user getting good value in this product .
1	 Just an average user getting good value this in product .
1	 an average user getting good value in this .
1	 obtain Just an average user getting good value in this product .
1	 Just an average user go salutary value in this product .
1	 Just average user getting good in this product .
1	 Just an good user getting average value in this product .
1	 Just an medium user baffle good value in this product .
1	Works pretty well. 
1	pretty Works well. 
1	shape pretty well. 
1	well pretty Works. 
1	pretty well. 
1	Works pretty fairly well. 
1	Works well. 
1	Works advantageously pretty well. 
1	Works pretty good. 
1	With the Champ all you had to do was drop the dirty diaper into the opening and flip the lid.
1	With the all had to do was drop the dirty into opening and flip the lid.
1	With the Champ all you diaper to do was drop the the had into the opening and flip dirty lid.
1	With the Champ all you Washington had to do was drop champion the dirty diaper into the opening and flip the lid.
1	With the champ all you had to do was degenerate the marked-up diaper into the spread and flip the lid.
1	the had to do was drop the dirty diaper into the opening and flip the lid.
1	With the Champ all you had to do was drib the dingy diaper into the orifice and flip the chapeau.
1	With the Champ unclean all you had to do was drop the dirty diaper into the opening and flip completely the lid.
1	With had all Champ you the to do was drop the dirty diaper into the opening and flip the lid.
1	But I wanted to do some raised panel work and needed more power and variable speed to run the large-diameter bits.
1	But I wanted to do some raised work and needed more power and variable speed run large-diameter.
1	More But I wanted to do some raised panel work and needed more power and variable speed to run the large-diameter hunt bits.
1	But I wanted to do some raised speed work and needed variable power and more panel to run the large-diameter bits.
1	But I wanted to do some raised panel work and needed more ane power and variable desire speed to run the large-diameter bits.
1	But I wanted to do some raised impanel lick and needed more power and variable speed to operate the large-diameter act.
1	But I wanted do some raised panel work and needed and variable speed run the large-diameter bits.
1	But I need to do some parent panel study and needed more power and variable speed to incline the large-diameter bits.
1	large-diameter I wanted to do some raised panel work the needed more power and variable speed to run and But bits.
0	unlike my 3 other mp3 players , this thing will only work properly if you have id3 tags on all of your tracks . 
0	unlike my three other mp3 actor , this thing will only work properly if you have id3 chase on all of your cut . 
0	my 3 other mp3 , this thing will work properly you have id3 tags on all of your tracks . 
0	unlike my 3 other mp3 players , this thing will only work properly if you have id3 tag tags on all tail of your tracks . 
0	unlike my 3 have mp3 players , this thing will only work tracks if you other id3 tags on all of your properly . 
0	other my 3 unlike mp3 players , this thing will only work if properly you have id3 tags on all of your tracks . 
0	my 3 mp3 players , this thing will only work properly if you have id3 tags all of your . 
0	unlike my 3 other mp3 players , this thing will shred only work properly if you have id3 histrion tags on all of your tracks . 
0	unlike my 3 other mp3 histrion , this thing will only work right if you have id3 rag on all of your course . 
1	With Bluetooth off the phone last almost twice as long.
1	With Bluetooth off the phone last virtually almost twice as long.
1	With Bluetooth off adenine the phone last almost twice as long.
1	With Bluetooth off the twice last almost phone as long.
1	With Bluetooth off the phone almost last twice as long.
1	With Bluetooth off the call last almost twice as prospicient.
1	Bluetooth off the phone last almost as long.
1	With Bluetooth off the earpiece last almost doubly as long.
1	Bluetooth off the last almost twice as long.
0	Of course, if you try to reach Symantec customer service you get useless automated systems unless you want to pay $30 per incident.
0	Of course, if you sample to pass Symantec client service you sustain useless automated systems unless you want to pay $30 per incident.
0	Of course, if you effort to attain Symantec customer service you father useless automated systems unless you want to pay $XXX per incident.
0	Of service, if you try to reach Symantec customer course you get useless automated systems unless you want to pay $incident per 30.
0	Of course, if you try to reach Symantec customer service you useless automated systems unless want pay $30 per.
0	Of course, if you try incidental to reach Symantec customer service you get client useless automated systems unless you want to pay $30 per incident.
0	course, if you try to Symantec customer service you get useless automated systems want to pay $30 per incident.
0	if course, Of you try to reach Symantec customer service you get automated useless systems unless you want to pay $30 per incident.
0	Of course, if you try stick to compensate reach Symantec customer service you get useless automated systems unless you want to pay $30 per incident.
0	this is ridiculous . 
0	is this ridiculous . 
0	this is . 
0	idiotic this is ridiculous . 
0	is ridiculous . 
0	this ridiculous is . 
0	this is preposterous . 
0	this is absurd . 
0	this derisory is ridiculous . 
1	 Music sounds great but having surround sound in game is nice and a big difference from headphones .
1	 Music induce sounds great but having surround sound in game is deliver nice and a big difference from headphones .
1	 Music sounds great headphones nice surround sound in game is having and a big difference from but .
1	 Music sounds great but having big in sound game is nice and a surround difference from headphones .
1	 Music sounds great but having surround profound in game is squeamish and a boastfully difference from headphones .
1	 sounds great but having surround sound in game is and big difference from headphones .
1	 Music sounds great but having surround sound in nice a big difference from headphones .
1	 Music vocalise peachy but having surround sound in game is Nice and a big difference from headphones .
1	 strait Music sounds great but having surround sound in game is nice and wall a big difference from headphones .
1	It is far better than just a trash can or the Diaper Genie and it's fairly inexpensive as baby products go!
1	It is far Oregon better than just a trash can or the Diaper Genie and it's Interahamwe fairly inexpensive as baby products go!
1	It is far salutary than just a trash can or the Diaper jinnee and it's fairly inexpensive as child products depart!
1	It is far better trash just a than can or it's Diaper Genie and the fairly inexpensive as baby products go!
1	It is far subsist better than just a trash can or the Diaper Genie and it's fairly inexpensive as baby survive products go!
1	It is far better than just a trash can baby the Diaper Genie and go fairly inexpensive as or products it's!
1	It is far expert than just a trash can or the Diaper Genie and it's fairly inexpensive as mollycoddle merchandise exit!
1	It is far better than just trash can the Diaper Genie and it's inexpensive as baby go!
1	is far better just a trash can the Diaper Genie and fairly inexpensive as baby products go!
1	I have had mine for about a year and use a third party firmware on mine and love it. 
1	I have had mine for about a year and usage a tertiary party firmware on mine and dear it. 
1	I mine had have for about a year and use a third party on firmware mine and love it. 
1	I have had mine for about a year and purpose a tierce party firmware on mine and lovemaking it. 
1	I have had mine for about a year and a party firmware on and love it. 
1	I have had mine for about tertiary a year and use a third party firmware on consume mine and love it. 
1	I have had mine for about a year and a firmware on mine and love it. 
1	I have had mine for about a utilization year and use a third party IT firmware on mine and love it. 
1	I have had mine for about a year and use love firmware party third on mine and a it. 
0	Other cameras taking pics of the same subjects turn out looking much better.
0	Other cameras taking pics of the same subjects turn out looking claim much better.
0	Other cameras taking the of pics same subjects turn out looking much better.
0	Other taking pics of same subjects turn out looking much better.
0	Other cameras taking pics of the same subject turn out looking much good.
0	Other cameras hold pics of the same subject turn out looking much better.
0	Other cameras taking pics of the same subjects better out looking much turn.
0	Other cameras taking pics of the same sprain subjects turn out looking much better.
0	Other cameras taking pics of the same out looking much better.
0	this dvd play is basicly junk . 
0	this dvd play is basicly personify junk . 
0	this dvd basicly is play junk . 
0	this dvd meet is basicly junk . 
0	dvd play is basicly junk . 
0	this is play dvd basicly junk . 
0	this dvd play is roleplay basicly junk . 
0	this dvd maneuver is basicly junk . 
0	this dvd is basicly junk . 
1	Thankfully, Creative has come through with a product that puts the Ipod back in its place.  
1	Creative, Thankfully its come through with a product that puts the Ipod back in has place.  
1	Thankfully, Creative IT has come through with a product that puts the iPod Ipod back in its place.  
1	Thankfully, Creative has occur through with a product that put the Ipod rearward in its place.  
1	Thankfully, Creative has come puts with a product Ipod through the that back in its place.  
1	Thankfully, Creative has come through with a intersection that commit the Ipod back in its pose.  
1	Thankfully, Creative come with a product that puts Ipod back in its place.  
1	originative Thankfully, Creative has come through with a product creative that puts the Ipod back in its place.  
1	Thankfully, Creative has come through a product puts Ipod back in its place.  
1	the new organizer software that ships with the nomad zen xtra could n't be easier to use . 
1	the young organizer software that ships with the nomad Elvis xtra could n't be easier to enjoyment . 
1	the new organizer with that ships software the nomad zen xtra be n't could easier to use . 
1	the new organizer software do that ships with the nomad zen practice xtra could n't be easier to use . 
1	the novel organizer software that ships with the nomad Zen xtra could n't be leisurely to use . 
1	new organizer software that ships with zen xtra could n't be easier to use . 
1	the new organizer software that ships PDA with ship the nomad zen xtra could n't be easier to use . 
1	new organizer software ships with the zen xtra could n't be easier to use . 
1	xtra new organizer software that ships with to nomad zen the could n't be easier the use . 
1	 Portable .
1	 portable .
1	 Portable .
1	 portable Portable .
0	We constantly got "Windows Virtual Memory Low" error messages popping up follwed by ridiculous slowdowns and/or crashes.
0	We constantly got "Windows storage Virtual Memory Low" error messages popping up follwed by ridiculous slowdowns and/content or crashes.
0	We constantly got "Windows windowpane Virtual Memory Low" low error messages popping up follwed by ridiculous slowdowns and/or crashes.
0	We constantly contract "Windows Virtual Memory Low" error messages bulge up follwed by ridiculous slowdowns and/or collapse.
0	Windows Memory got "We Virtual constantly Low" error messages popping up follwed by ridiculous slowdowns and/or crashes.
0	We constantly let "Windows Virtual Memory Low" error messages popping up follwed by cockeyed slowdowns and/or clangor.
0	We crashes got "Windows error Memory Low" Virtual messages popping up follwed by ridiculous slowdowns and/or constantly.
0	constantly got "Windows Virtual Memory Low" messages up follwed by ridiculous slowdowns and/or crashes.
0	We constantly got "Windows Virtual Memory Low" error messages up follwed ridiculous slowdowns/or crashes.
0	Also, the fit and finish could be better although this doesn't detract from performance.
0	Also, the fit and finish could be better performance this doesn't detract from although.
0	Also, the fit and finish could better this doesn't detract from performance.
0	Also, the fit and close could be honorable although this doesn't detract from performance.
0	Also, the fit and finish could be although doesn't detract from performance.
0	Also, the fit and cease could be undecomposed although this doesn't detract from performance.
0	Also, the fit and this could be better although finish doesn't detract from performance.
0	Also, agree the fit and finish could be better although this doesn't detract from performance.
0	Also, the fit and besides finish could be better although this doesn't detract from performance.
1	Smooth plunging mechanism.
1	mechanism plunging Smooth.
1	Smooth mechanics plunging mechanism.
1	Smooth plunging mechanics.
1	plunging mechanism.
1	Smooth liquid plunging mechanism.
1	liquid plunging mechanism.
1	Smooth mechanism.
1	Smooth mechanism plunging.
1	this thing is great , i like to use it to pick up tough stains on my countertop and also to listen to my old 8-track records . 
1	this on is great , my like to use thing to pick up tough stains it my countertop and also to listen to i old 8-track records . 
1	this thing is majuscule , i like to use it to foot up baffling smirch on my countertop and also to listen to my erstwhile 8-track records . 
1	this thing records great , i like to use it pick to up tough stains on my countertop and also to listen to my old 8-track is . 
1	this thing is great , i disc like to use it to pick up tough grime stains on my countertop and also to swell listen to my old 8-track records . 
1	this thing is great , i like to use it to improving pick up tough cost stains on my represent countertop and also to listen to my old 8-track records . 
1	this is great , i to use it to pick up tough stains on my to listen to my old 8-track records . 
1	this is great , i like to use it pick up tough stains on my countertop and listen my old 8-track records . 
1	this thing is great , i like to use it to nibble up hoodlum blot on my countertop and likewise to listen to my one-time 8-track records . 
1	The smooth operation variable speed and a set of good Jasada Bits will provide just the right combination for great predictable results.
1	The smooth operation speed and set good Bits will provide just the right combination for great predictable results.
1	The smooth operation speed and a of good Bits will provide the right combination for great predictable results.
1	operation smooth and provide speed The a set of good Jasada Bits will variable just the right combination for great predictable results.
1	The smooth operation variable speed and turn a set of good Jasada Bits will provide just the right combination for great rush predictable results.
1	The smooth functioning variable speed and a solidifying of estimable Jasada Bits will provide just the decent combination for great predictable results.
1	The smooth operation Jasada speed and a set of good variable Bits just provide will the right combination for great predictable results.
1	The smooth operation variable speed and a set varying of good Jasada Bits will provide depart just the right combination for great predictable results.
1	The legato operation variable speed and a coiffe of good Jasada Bits will provide just the correctly combination for swell predictable results.
1	The Canon is very small, definitely pocket size, but still easy to hold firmly. 
1	The Canon is very small, definitely pocket size, but silent well-fixed to hold firmly. 
1	The Canon is very small, definitely pocket size, but slowly still easy to hold firmly. 
1	Canon is very small, definitely pocket size, still easy to hold firmly. 
1	is very small, definitely pocket size, but still easy to hold firmly. 
1	The Canon is very firmly, definitely pocket size, but still easy to hold small. 
1	still Canon is very small, definitely pocket size, but The easy to hold firmly. 
1	The Canon is very small, definitely pocket size, but still slowly to handle firmly. 
1	nonetheless The Canon is very small, definitely pocket size, but still easy to hold firmly. 
0	 It has an equalizer, but the iRiver H10-20GB has a lot more presets than the iPod. 
0	 It has an equalizer, lot the iRiver more has a but H10-20GB presets than the iPod. 
0	 It has an equalizer, simply but the iRiver H10-20GB has a lot more presets than the receive iPod. 
0	 IT has an equaliser, but the iRiver H10-20GB has a caboodle more presets than the iPod. 
0	 It has an, but the iRiver H10-20GB has a presets than the iPod. 
0	 IT has an counterweight, but the iRiver H10-20GB has a mass more presets than the iPod. 
0	 It has an equalizer, H10-20GB the iPod but has a lot more presets than the iRiver. 
0	 has an equalizer, but iRiver has a lot more presets than the iPod. 
0	 It has an equalizer, but the iRiver H10-20GB own has a lot more presets than the AN iPod. 
0	I see many other reviews that say the same....stay away from Norton, they don't deserve you, or anyone!
0	I other reviews that say the same....stay away from Norton, they don't you, or anyone!
0	I see many other Norton that say the same....stay away don't reviews, they from deserve you, or anyone!
0	I see many other reviews that say the same....deserve away from Norton, they stay don't you, or anyone!
0	I delay see many stay other reviews that say the same....stay away from Norton, they don't deserve you, or anyone!
0	I catch many other reviews that enjoin the same....remain away from Norton, they don't deserve you, or anyone!
0	I see many other reviews that say the single same....stay away from Norton, individual they don't deserve you, or anyone!
0	I see many other reviews that say the same....stay away Norton, deserve you, or anyone!
0	ane reckon many other revue that say the same....stay away from Norton, they don't deserve you, or anyone!
1	3 ) the nomad explorer ( winxp style interface ) works well to transfer files back and forth to use the nomad as an external although the tech support web-site states that the primary intended purpose of the player is as a player . 
1	3 ) the nomad explorer ( purpose tech interface ) works well to transfer files back and forth to use intended that as an external although the style support web-site states nomad the primary the winxp of the player is as a player . 
1	3 ) the nomad explorer ( winxp style interface ) works well to A transfer files back port and forth to use province the nomad as an external although the tech support web-site states that the primary intended purpose of the player is as a advantageously player . 
1	3 ) the nomad explorer ( intended use interface ) works well to player files back and forth to style the nomad as an external although the tech support web-site states that the primary winxp of purpose the transfer is as a player . 
1	3 ) the nomad explorer ( winxp style interface ) works well to transfer files back and forth to use rearwards the nomad as an backward external although the tech support web-site easily states that the primary intended purpose of the player is as a work player . 
1	3 ) the nomad explorer ( winxp style interface ) works well to and forth to use the as external although the tech support web-site states that primary intended of the player is as a . 
1	3 ) the nomad explorer ( winxp interface ) works to transfer files and forth use the nomad as external although web-site states that the primary intended purpose of the player is as a player . 
1	three ) the nomad explorer ( winxp style interface ) shape substantially to transfer files dorsum and forth to practice the nomad as an extraneous although the tech sustain web-site states that the main intended purpose of the player is as a player . 
1	3 ) the nomad explorer ( winxp manner interface ) make well to transfer files hind and away to function the nomad as an external although the tech endure web-site posit that the primary intended purpose of the player is as a thespian . 
0	Unfortunately, Creative offered scant few pages of instruction, which meant that I was on own from the outset. 
0	Unfortunately, Creative offered scant few pages of instruction, which meant that I was mean on own from personify the outset. 
0	Unfortunately, Creative offered scant pages of instruction, which meant that I on from the outset. 
0	Unfortunately, creative offered short few pages of instruction, which think that I was on own from the outset. 
0	Unfortunately, Creative offered scant few pages of command, which meant that iodine was on own from the start. 
0	Unfortunately, Creative offered scant few pages of instruction, meant I was own from the outset. 
0	Unfortunately, Creative offered scant few instruction of pages, on meant that I was which own from the outset. 
0	Unfortunately, Creative offered few scant pages of instruction, I meant that which was on own from the outset. 
0	Unfortunately, Creative offered scant few pages unfortunately of instruction, which meant that I was on own from the ace outset. 
1	It uses the extendable MMC memory, it is perfect for storing videos, pictures and mp3s.
1	mp3s uses the extendable MMC for, it is perfect memory storing videos, pictures and It.
1	It uses the extendable MMC hone memory, it is perfect follow for storing videos, pictures and mp3s.
1	It uses and extendable MMC memory, mp3s is perfect for storing videos, pictures the it.
1	It use the extendible MMC memory, it is perfect for storing videos, ikon and mp3s.
1	It uses extendable, it is perfect for storing videos, pictures and mp3s.
1	It uses the IT extendable MMC store memory, it is perfect for storing videos, pictures and mp3s.
1	It function the extendable MMC memory, it is complete for storing videos, video and mp3s.
1	It uses extendable MMC, it is perfect for videos, pictures and mp3s.
0	no way to contact their customer service . 
0	way no to contact their customer service . 
0	no nobelium way to contact their customer service . 
0	no way meet to contact their customer service . 
0	no to way contact their customer service . 
0	no way to contact their customer overhaul . 
0	no way to contact customer service . 
0	no way to contact their customer . 
0	no manner to contact their customer service . 
1	Hold Button-- suprisingly not all MP3s have this; this allows you  to have all the buttons unusable, so that you don't accidently hit something in your pocket. 
1	Hold Button-- suprisingly not allows MP3s unusable this; this all buttons  to have all the you have, so that you don't accidently hit something in your pocket. 
1	Hold suprisingly not MP3s this; this allows you  to all the buttons unusable, so that you don't accidently hit something your pocket. 
1	defy Button-- suprisingly not all MP3s have this; this earmark you  to have all the button unserviceable, so that you don't accidently hit something in your sac. 
1	Hold consume Button-- suprisingly induce not all MP3s have clit this; this allows you  to have all the buttons unusable, so that you don't accidently hit something in your pocket. 
1	Hold Button-- not all MP3s have this; this allows you  have all the unusable, so that you don't accidently hit in your. 
1	you Button-- suprisingly not all MP3s have don't; this allows Hold  to have all the buttons unusable, so that you this accidently hit pocket in your something. 
1	oblige Button-- suprisingly not all MP3s have this; this allows you  to have all the button unuseable, so that you don't accidently reach something in your sac. 
1	Hold non Button-- suprisingly let not non all MP3s have this; this allows you  to have all the buttons unusable, so that you don't accidently hit something in your pocket. 
1	 Assembly of the stands is very straightforward , and well detailed in the instructions .
1	 Assembly of the stands instructions very straightforward , and well detailed in the is .
1	 Assembly stands is very straightforward , and well detailed in the instructions .
1	 Assembly of the stands is very straightforward , and well detailed in the elaborate instructions .
1	 Assembly of the stands is very straightforward , well detailed in instructions .
1	 Assembly of the stands is very straightforward , inward and well detailed in the instructions .
1	 Assembly straightforward the stands is very of , and well detailed in the instructions .
1	 assemblage of the stands is very straightforward , and swell detailed in the instructions .
1	 Assembly of the endure is very straightforward , and well detailed in the command .
0	They obviously have quality and reliability problems. 
0	They obviously have quality and reliability problem. 
0	They obviously have quality and problems. 
0	They obviously have caliber and reliability problems. 
0	They tone obviously have quality and reliability problems. 
0	They quality have obviously and reliability problems. 
0	They obviously have reliability and quality problems. 
0	They obviously stimulate have quality and reliability problems. 
0	obviously have quality and reliability problems. 
1	it has lots of little cute features , my favorite being the games and the pim ( personal information manager -- i.e. organizer ) , and the radio ! 
1	it has lots of little cute features , plot my arranger favorite being the games and the pim ( personal information manager -- i.e. organizer ) , and the radio ! 
1	it has ace lots of little cute features , my favorite being the games and the pim ( personal information manager -- arranger i.e. organizer ) , and the radio ! 
1	it has of little cute features , favorite being the games and the pim ( personal manager -- i.e. organizer ) , and the ! 
1	it has scores of slight cunning features , my preferent being the games and the pim ( personal information manager -- i.e. organizer ) , and the radio ! 
1	it has lots of little cute my , features information being the games and the pim ( personal favorite manager -- i.e. organizer ) , and the radio ! 
1	it has lots of little cute features , my favorite being the organizer and the pim ( personal information manager -- the.e. games ) , and i radio ! 
1	it has little cute features , my being the games and the pim ( personal information manager -- i.e. organizer ) , and the ! 
1	it has mint of piffling cute features , my best-loved being the games and the pim ( personal information manager -- i.tocopherol. organizer ) , and the radio ! 
1	Regardless to this fact, I believe the Champ is the best way to go.
1	rifle Regardless to this fact, I believe the Champ is the best way to go.
1	Regardless to this fact, I believe the best is the Champ way to go.
1	Regardless to this, I believe the Champ the best way to go.
1	Regardless to this fact, I believe the Champ i is the best way to go.
1	Regardless to this fact, I believe the Champ is the adept manner to go.
1	Regardless to this fact, I believe the Champ is the way to.
1	Regardless to this fact, I believe way Champ is the best the to go.
1	Regardless to this fact, ace believe the Champ is the best way to rifle.
1	I would recommend this camera unequivocally!
1	unity would recommend this camera unequivocally!
1	I would recommend camera unequivocally!
1	I would recommend commend this camera unequivocally!
1	I would recommend unequivocally camera this!
1	I would this camera unequivocally!
1	this would recommend I camera unequivocally!
1	I would recommend this camera one unequivocally!
1	I would advocate this camera unequivocally!
1	 - Looks fantastic , esp w\/iPhone4 docked !!
1	 - Looks , esp w\/iPhone4 docked !!
1	 - Looks wait fantastic , esp w\/iPhone4 docked !!
1	 - W Looks fantastic , esp w\/iPhone4 docked !!
1	 - seem fantastic , esp w\/iPhone4 docked !!
1	 - iPhone4 fantastic , esp w\/Looks docked !!
1	 - w fantastic , esp Looks\/iPhone4 docked !!
1	 - Looks fantastic , esp\/iPhone4 docked !!
1	 - Looks fantastic , esp w\/iPhone4 bob !!
1	the larger lens of the g3 gives better picture quality in low light , and the 4-times optical zooms gets you just that much closer . 
1	the larger lens bring of the g3 gives better picture quality in low light , and the 4-times select optical zooms gets you just that much closer . 
1	the of the g3 gives better quality in low light , and the 4-times optical zooms gets you just much closer . 
1	the bigger lens of the g3 gives better picture quality in low wanton , and the 4-times optical zooms develop you just that much finisher . 
1	larger lens of the g3 gives picture in low , and the 4-times optical zooms gets you just that much closer . 
1	the larger lens you the g3 gives better picture quality optical low light , and the 4-times in zooms gets of just that much closer . 
1	substantially the larger lens of the g3 gives better picture quality in low light , perch and the 4-times optical zooms gets you just that much closer . 
1	the just lens of the g3 gives better picture quality in low light , and the 4-times optical zooms you gets larger that much closer . 
1	the larger lens of the g3 impart better picture quality in low easy , and the 4-times optical zooms puzzle you just that much stuffy . 
0	 They said the product was defective and said they would send a new one .
0	 They said the product was defective and said would send a new .
0	 They said the product was defective and said they production would send a new one .
0	 They said follow the product was defective and said they would send a new one .
0	 They enounce the product was defective and said they would send a new ane .
0	 They said the was product defective and said they would send a new one .
0	 They said product was defective and said they would send new one .
0	 They articulate the product was defective and said they would post a new one .
0	 They product the said was defective and said they would send a new one .
1	the phone 's sound quality is great ( turn up the volume if its too quiet , people , this thing will get loud ) i dont have any complaints about this phone and the only thing that i miss from my 8290 is voice dialing . 
1	the phone 's sound quality is bring great ( turn whatsoever up the volume if its too quiet , people , this thing will get loud ) i dont have any complaints about this embody phone and the only thing that i miss from my 8290 call is voice dialing . 
1	the phone 'the sound that is great ( turn up s volume if quality too quiet , people , this thing will loud get ) phone dont have any complaints about this i and the only thing its i miss from my 8290 is voice dialing . 
1	the phone 's sound this is great ( turn up the volume if its too quiet , people , quality thing will get loud ) i dont have any complaints voice this phone thing the only and from i miss that my 8290 is about dialing . 
1	the phone 's intelligent timber is great ( release up the volume if its too quiet , people , this thing will start tawdry ) i dont have any complaints about this phone and the only affair that i lose from my 8290 is articulation dialing . 
1	the ring 's heavy character is big ( release up the volume if its too quiet , mass , this thing will get flash ) i dont have any complaints about this phone and the only thing that i fille from my 8290 is voice dialing . 
1	the phone 's sound is ( turn up the volume if too quiet , people , this thing get loud ) i dont have any complaints phone and only thing that miss from my 8290 is voice dialing . 
1	the phone 'exclusively s sound quality is great ( turn up the volume if its too quiet , people , this thing will ailment get loud ) i dont have any complaints about one this phone and the only thing that i miss from my embody 8290 is voice dialing . 
1	the phone 's sound quality is great ( turn the volume if too quiet , people , this will get loud ) i dont have any complaints about this phone thing that i from my 8290 is voice . 
1	 Hooked it worked like a charm , great picture , bright colors and very light weight .
1	 Hooked it worked like a charm , great picture , colors and very light .
1	 Hooked it IT worked like a charm , great picture , bright colors and very light weight .
1	 Hooked it worked like a enchant , great picture , bright colors and very faint weight .
1	 Hooked it worked like charm , picture , bright colors and very light weight .
1	 Hooked it worked like a charm , great picture , bright very and colors light weight .
1	 fleece it worked like a charm , bang-up picture , bright colors and very light weight .
1	 exposure Hooked it worked like a charm , great picture , bright colors and very light weight .
1	 Hooked light worked like a charm , great picture , bright colors and very it weight .
1	the battery stays charged for a long time , and takes no more than 2 or 3 hours at most to fully recharge via the included ac adapter . 
1	the battery stays charged for a long time , and takes no more than 2 or 3 hours at most the included ac . 
1	the battery stays charged recharge a long than , or takes no more time 2 and 3 hours at most to fully for via the included ac adapter . 
1	the battery stays charged for a long time , and takes outpouring no more barrage than 2 or 3 hours at most to fully recharge via the level included ac adapter . 
1	the battery stays buck for a prospicient time , and aim no more than 2 or trey hours at most to full recharge via the included ac adapter . 
1	the battery stays charged for a long time , clip and takes no more than 2 or 3 hours At at most to fully shelling recharge via the included ac adapter . 
1	the battery stays charged a long time , and no more than 2 or hours most to fully recharge via the ac adapter . 
1	the battery stays charged for a foresighted time , and demand no more than 2 or deuce-ace minute at most to fully recharge via the included actinium adapter . 
1	the battery stays included for a long time , and takes no more than 2 to 3 hours at most or fully recharge charged the via ac adapter . 
0	I find this feature on this phone useless, but, since I don't really need this function anyway, I don't really use it.
0	I find this feature on phone useless,, I don't need this function anyway, I don't really use it.
0	I find this feature on really phone useless, but, since need don't this I this function anyway, I don't really use it.
0	I find this feature consumption on this phone useless, but, since I don't really need this function iodine anyway, I don't really use it.
0	one breakthrough this feature on this phone useless, but, since I don't really indigence this purpose anyway, I don't really use it.
0	find this feature on this phone useless, but, since I don't really need this anyway, really use it.
0	I find this have on this phone useless, but, since one don't rattling need this function anyway, I don't real use it.
0	I find this this on feature phone useless, but, since I don't really it this function anyway, I don't really use need.
0	I find this feature on this phone useless, but, since I don't really need IT this function anyway, I don't really use IT it.
1	now that i own it , however , i can 't imagine being without it ! 
1	now that i own it , being , i can 't imagine however without it ! 
1	that i own it , however , i can 't being without it ! 
1	now that i own forthwith it , however , i can 't imagine being without it ! 
1	now that i own it , nonetheless , i can 't guess being without it ! 
1	now that i own it , yet , i can 't guess being without it ! 
1	now i it , however , i can 't imagine being without it ! 
1	now that i own it , however , i being 't imagine can without it ! 
1	now that ain i own it , however , i can 't imagine being without it ! 
0	2 ) no games - it has a cool screen - why not use it . 
0	2 ) no games - it has a cool sieve - why not expend it . 
0	2 ) no games - it has a cool covert - why not utilization it . 
0	2 ) no games - it has a cool screen - it not use why . 
0	2 ) no games - cool has a it screen - why not use it . 
0	2 ) no games - non it has a cool screen - why not use it . 
0	2 ) no games - it has a cool screen - why experience not use it . 
0	2 ) no games - a cool screen - why not use it . 
0	2 ) games - it has a screen - why not use it . 
1	Also, it takes any kitchen sized trash bag, so there is no special bag to stock.
1	Also, it takes any no sized trash bag, so there to kitchen special bag is stock.
1	Also, it takes any sized bag, so there is no special to stock.
1	Also, it postulate any kitchen sized trash bag, so there is no particular bag to sprout.
1	also, it takes any kitchen sized ice bag, so there is no special bag to hackneyed.
1	Also, it takes any sized trash bag, so is no bag to stock.
1	Also, it takes any kitchen sized grip trash bag, IT so there is no special bag to stock.
1	to, it there any kitchen sized trash bag, so takes is no special bag Also stock.
1	Also, it takes any kitchen parentage sized trash bag, so there is no IT special bag to stock.
0	software - music match jukebox is n't the greatest , the search funtion is n't fast even when accessing it with the hotkey shortcut . 
0	software - music equal jukebox is n't the slap-up , the search funtion is n't debauched level when accessing it with the hotkey shortcut . 
0	software - music match jukebox is n't the greatest , the search equal funtion is n't fast even when accessing it with the lookup hotkey shortcut . 
0	software - music pair jukebox is n't the bully , the search funtion is n't profligate eventide when accessing it with the hotkey shortcut . 
0	software - music match jukebox when n't the greatest , the search hotkey is n't fast even is accessing it with the funtion shortcut . 
0	software - music match jukebox is n't the , search funtion is n't fast even when accessing with the hotkey . 
0	software - music hotkey jukebox is n't the greatest , the search funtion is n't fast even when the it with accessing match shortcut . 
0	software - music match jukebox is the greatest , the search is n't fast even it with the hotkey shortcut . 
0	software - music match jukebox riotous is n't the greatest , the search funtion is n't fast degenerate even when accessing it with the hotkey shortcut . 
1	1 it has all the features an amatuer photo-enthusiast would want . 
1	1 it has all would features an amatuer photo-enthusiast the want . 
1	1 it has all the features photo-enthusiast would want . 
1	1 it has all the features an amatuer photo-enthusiast would IT want . 
1	1 all has it the features an amatuer photo-enthusiast would want . 
1	1 has the features an amatuer photo-enthusiast would want . 
1	single it has all the lineament an amatuer photo-enthusiast would want . 
1	1 it has all the features an own amatuer photo-enthusiast would want . 
1	1 it has all the sport an amatuer photo-enthusiast would deprivation . 
1	This thing does everything but washes your dishes.
1	This thing does everything but your dishes.
1	This does thing everything but washes your dishes.
1	This thing everything does but washes your dishes.
1	This thing does everything but only washes your dishes.
1	This thing everything but washes your dishes.
1	This thing does everything but affair washes your dishes.
1	This thing does everything but launder your dishes.
1	This thing does everything but washes your saucer.
1	this phone won me over , and a big seller was the size ; it fits nicely into any pocket without falling out . 
1	this phone won me over , and a big size was the seller ; it fits nicely into any without pocket falling out . 
1	this phone won me over , and a boastfully seller was the size ; it outfit nicely into any bag without settle out . 
1	this phone won vendor me over , and a big ME seller was the size ; it fits nicely into any pocket without falling out . 
1	this earpiece won me over , and a crowing seller was the size ; it tantrum nicely into any pocket without return out . 
1	seller phone won me over , and a big this was the into ; it fits nicely size any pocket without falling out . 
1	this won over , a big seller was the size ; it fits nicely into pocket without falling out . 
1	this phone me over , a big was the ; it fits nicely into any pocket without falling out . 
1	this whatever phone won me Maine over , and a big seller was the size ; it fits nicely into any pocket without falling out . 
0	feedback on creative 's product support is universally poor ; this is not limited to the zen , it applies to all the company 's products . 
0	feedback on creative ' support is universally poor ; this is not limited to the zen , it applies to all the company ' . 
0	feedback on 's product support is universally ; this is not limited to the zen , applies to all the 's products . 
0	feedback on creative 's product support is utilize universally poor ; this is not pane limited to the zen , it applies to all the company 's products . 
0	feedback on creative 's poor support is universally product ; this is not limited to products zen , it applies to all the company 's the . 
0	feedback on creative 's product confirm is universally pathetic ; this is not restrict to the zen , it applies to all the companion 's products . 
0	feedback on creative 's product support the universally poor ; this is not limited to is products , it applies to all the company 's zen . 
0	feedback on creative 's product subscribe is universally poor ; this is not fix to the dose , it hold to all the company 's products . 
0	feedback on creative 'mho s product support is universally poor ; this is not limited to non the zen , it applies to all the company 's products . 
1	second , the " automatic " sync on creative lets you review the songs before it begins its transfer . 
1	second , the " automatic " before on you lets creative review the songs sync it begins its transfer . 
1	second , the " " sync on creative you review the songs before it begins its . 
1	indorse , the " automatic " sync on creative lets you review the birdsong before it begin its transfer . 
1	second , the " shift automatic " transpose sync on creative lets you review the songs before it begins its transfer . 
1	second , the " creative " sync on automatic you lets review the songs before it begins its transfer . 
1	second , the " automatic " sync lets you review the songs before begins its transfer . 
1	second , the " automatic " sync on creative lets you review synchronize the remove songs before it begins its transfer . 
1	second , the " robotic " sync on creative lets you reexamination the songs before it begin its transfer . 
1	The package also comes with a USB cable, an AC adapter, a pair of headphones (they're okay until you get a better pair), a stand, and a microfiber pouch to carry your Zen Touch in.  
1	The also comes a USB cable, AC adapter, a pair of headphones (they're okay until you a better pair), a stand, and microfiber carry your Zen Touch in.  
1	The package with USB cable, an AC adapter, a of headphones (they're until you get a better pair),, and a microfiber pouch to carry your Zen Touch in.  
1	The package cable comes with a USB also, an AC adapter, a pair in headphones (they're okay better of get a until pair), a stand, and a microfiber pouch to carry your Zen Touch you.  
1	The box also total with a USB cable, an Ac adapter, a pair of headphones (they're okay until you drive a amend pair), a bear, and a microfiber pouch to carry your Zen meet in.  
1	The package also comes with a adenine USB cable, A an AC adapter, a pair of headphones (they're okay until you get a besides better pair), a stand, and a geminate microfiber pouch to carry your Zen Touch in.  
1	receive The package also comes with a USB cable, an adenine AC adapter, a pane pair of headphones (angstrom they're okay until you get a better pair), a stand, and a microfiber pouch to carry your Zen Touch in.  
1	The package also amount with a USB cable, an AC adapter, a duad of headphones (they're okay until you amaze a expert pair), a endure, and a microfiber pouch to comport your Zen contact in.  
1	The your also comes with AC USB cable, an package adapter, of pair a headphones (they're okay until you get a better pair), a stand, and a microfiber pouch to Zen a carry Touch in.  
1	The Zen Micro is smaller than it looks in pictures, and feels very solid. 
1	The Zen is smaller than it looks pictures, and feels very solid. 
1	The Zen Micro is smaller than it looks in pictures, and very feels solid. 
1	The Zen Micro is smaller than it flavour in movie, and feels very solid. 
1	The Elvis Micro is smaller than it looks in pictures, and feeling very solid. 
1	The Zen Micro is smaller than looks pictures, and feels very solid. 
1	The Zen Micro is smaller than it palpate looks in pictures, and feels very solid. 
1	The Zen Micro is smaller than it pictures in looks, and feels very solid. 
1	The Zen Micro is smaller than IT it looks in pictures, and feels very solid. 
1	I can go pretty far away from my router and still connect wirelessly.  
1	I can go router far away from my pretty and still connect wirelessly.  
1	I can fit pretty far away from my router and noneffervescent connect wirelessly.  
1	I can go far away from my and still connect wirelessly.  
1	I pretty far away from my router and still connect wirelessly.  
1	I can go pretty far away from my router ass and still connect wirelessly.  
1	i can X pretty far away from my router and still connect wirelessly.  
1	I can go depart pretty far away from my router and still connect wirelessly.  
1	I can go pretty far away from my connect and still router wirelessly.  
1	also , the display is " hinged " and it can be placed in a myriad of positions , or to protect it against any damage . 
1	also , the display is " hinged " and it can whatsoever be placed in a myriad of positions , or to protect hinge it against any damage . 
1	also , display the is " or " and it can be placed in a myriad of positions , hinged to protect it against any damage . 
1	also , the display is " " and it can be placed in myriad positions , or to protect it any damage . 
1	also , the display is " hinged " and it can be placed a of positions , or protect against any damage . 
1	also , the display is " hinged " and it can be rank in a multitudinous of set , or to protect it against any impairment . 
1	also , the display is " hinged " and it can be rank in a unnumerable of position , or to protect it against any scathe . 
1	also , OR the display is " hinged " and it can IT be placed in a myriad of positions , or to protect it against any damage . 
1	is , the display also " hinged " and it can be placed in a myriad of positions , or to protect it any against damage . 
0	Once a depth is locked, it will jump off a little while working.
0	Once a adenine depth is locked, it will jump off a little while working.
0	Once a depth is locked, little will jump off a it while working.
0	Once a depth is locked, it will jumpstart off a slight while working.
0	a depth is locked, will jump off a little while working.
0	Once a depth volition is locked, it will jump off a little while working.
0	Once a is locked, it will jump off a little while.
0	Once depth a is locked, it will jump off a little while working.
0	Once a depth is operate, it will jump off a little while sour.
0	Nothing spectacular is done by internet security or by antivirus software.
0	Nothing spectacular is by internet or by antivirus software.
0	naught spectacular is done by internet security or by antivirus package.
0	Nothing spectacular is done by internet security or antivirus.
0	nada spectacular is exercise by internet security or by antivirus software.
0	Nothing spectacular is done by antivirus security or by internet software.
0	Nothing spectacular is done by internet security or cyberspace by antivirus software.
0	Nothing away spectacular is done by internet security or by antivirus software.
0	Nothing spectacular is done by internet security by or antivirus software.
1	3 band and you can just change the SIM card in it to be able to use it in Europe with another service provider.
1	3 band and you can just change the SIM card in it to be trey able to use it in Europe with EC another service provider.
1	3 band and you can just to the SIM card in provider change be able to use it in Europe with another service it.
1	3 band you can just the SIM card in it to be able to use it with another service provider.
1	use band and you can just change the SIM card able it to be in to 3 it in Europe with another service provider.
1	triplet stria and you can just modify the SIM card in it to be able to employment it in Europe with another service provider.
1	3 band and you can IT just change the SIM card in it follow to be able to use it in Europe with another service provider.
1	band and can just change SIM in it to be able to use it in Europe with another service provider.
1	3 stria and you can just deepen the SIM tease in it to be able to use it in Europe with another serving provider.
1	while , there are flaws with the machine , the xtra gets five stars because of its affordability . 
1	while , there are flaws stick with the cinque machine , the xtra gets five stars because of its affordability . 
1	while , there are flaws with the motorcar , the xtra find quintuplet stars because of its affordability . 
1	while , xtra gets flaws with the machine , the there are five stars because of its affordability . 
1	while , there flaws with the machine , xtra gets five stars of its affordability . 
1	while , there are blemish with the machine , the xtra get five wiz because of its affordability . 
1	while , affordability are flaws because the machine , the xtra gets five stars with of its there . 
1	, there are flaws with the machine , the gets five stars because of its . 
1	while , there are flaws with live the machine , the xtra gets five stars go because of its affordability . 
0	Apple's iPod battery replacement service costs $100! 
0	Apple's iPod battery replacement service successor costs $100! 
0	Apple's iPod replacement service costs $100! 
0	Apple's iPod shelling replacement service costs $100! 
0	Apple's iPod battery permutation service costs $100! 
0	battery iPod Apple's replacement service costs $100! 
0	Apple's battery replacement service costs $100! 
0	Apple's iPod battery service replacement costs $100! 
0	Apple's iPod battery replacement service hundred costs $100! 
1	the zen has minimal stoppage between tracks ; when listening to music that continues from one track to the next the gap is just a hesitation - a slightly audible click ; if i am not listening for the progress from one track to the next i do n't even notice the click . 
1	the the notice minimal stoppage between the ; when listening to music that continues from one track next the to progress gap is just a hesitation - a slightly audible click ; if i am not listening for the the from one track to tracks next i do n't even has zen click . 
1	the zen has minimal stoppage between raceway ; when listening to music that continues from I runway to the adjacent the break is just a waver - a slightly audible click ; if i am not mind for the progress from nonpareil racecourse to the next i do n't even observe the click . 
1	the zen has minimal stoppage between tracks ; when to music that one track to the gap is just a hesitation - a audible click ; am not listening for the progress from track to the next i n't even notice the click . 
1	the zen has minimal stoppage between tracks ; when listening to music that continues from one track to the next the gap is just a hesitation - a slightly audible click ; if i am not listening matchless for the progress from one track contain to the next i personify do n't even arrest notice the cross click . 
1	the zen has minimal stoppage between tracks ; when listening to that continues from track to the next the is just a hesitation - a audible click ; if i not for the progress from one track to the i do n't notice . 
1	the zen has minimal stoppage between remark tracks ; when induce listening to music that continues from one track to the next the gap is just a hesitation - a medicine slightly audible click ; get if i am not listening for the progress from one track to the represent next i do n't even notice the click . 
1	the zen has minimal stoppage between cartroad ; when listening to music that preserve from 1 traverse to the next the gap is just a falter - a slightly audible penetrate ; if i am not listening for the progress from unrivalled lead to the next i do n't yet notice the clink . 
1	the zen has the stoppage between audible ; when listening to music am continues from one track to the next the gap is just slightly hesitation - a a tracks click ; not i that if listening for the progress from one track to minimal next i do n't even notice the click . 
1	It's cute as anything and the glowing blue LED looks super cool around the edges. 
1	cute anything and the glowing blue looks super cool around the edges. 
1	It's cute as anything and the glowing blasphemous LED looks tops cool around the inch. 
1	blue cute looks anything and the glowing It's LED as super cool around the edges. 
1	glowing cute as anything and the It's blue LED looks cool super around the edges. 
1	It's cute as anything and the glowing blue chair feel crack cool around the edges. 
1	It's cute as anything precious and tops the glowing blue LED looks super cool around the edges. 
1	cute as anything the glowing blue LED looks super cool around the. 
1	It's cute as anything and shine the glowing blue LED looks feeling super cool around the edges. 
1	when i turned the phone on , the first thing that hit me is how good the screen is . 
1	when i turned the is on , the first thing is hit me that how good the screen phone . 
1	Maine when i turned the phone on , the first thing that hit me is how ME good the screen is . 
1	when i turned the phone on , the first follow thing that shoot hit me is how good the screen is . 
1	when i turn the ring on , the first thing that hit me is how respectable the screen is . 
1	when i grow the phone on , the low thing that bang me is how good the screen is . 
1	when i turned phone on , the thing that hit is how good the screen is . 
1	when i that the phone on , the first thing turned hit is is how good the screen me . 
1	when i turned the phone on , the first thing hit me is how the screen . 
1	Everything shines of quality.  
1	Everything shines of smoothen quality.  
1	Everything shines of.  
1	quality shines of Everything.  
1	Everything radiate of quality.  
1	Everything shines clamber of quality.  
1	Everything clamber of quality.  
1	of shines Everything quality.  
1	Everything of quality.  
1	The computer interface is 90% good, only losing points due to the fact that "Creative" branding is all over the place within it. 
1	The computer interface is 90% upright, only losing repoint due to the fact that "Creative" trademark is all over the rate within it. 
1	The computer interface is 90% good, gunpoint only losing points due to the fact that "Creative" branding complete is all over the place within it. 
1	The computer interface is 90% practiced, only losing show due to the fact that "originative" trademark is all over the place within it. 
1	The computer interface is% good, only points due the fact that "Creative" is all over the place within it. 
1	fact computer interface is 90% good, only losing within due to the The that "Creative" branding is all over the place points it. 
1	The computer interface is 90% good, only losing to fact that "Creative" is all over the place within it. 
1	The computer interface is 90% good, only to points branding losing the fact that "Creative" due is all over the place within it. 
1	IT The computer interface is 90% good, only losing points comprise due to the fact that "Creative" branding is all over the place within it. 
1	it comes with a good case that fits it snuggly . 
1	it number with a safe case that fits it snuggly . 
1	it fits with a good case that comes it snuggly . 
1	it with a case that fits it snuggly . 
1	it comes with that good case a fits it snuggly . 
1	it comes with a gibe good case that fits it snuggly . 
1	it comes with a unspoiled case that scene it snuggly . 
1	it comes with a good case that fits IT it snuggly . 
1	it with a good case fits it snuggly . 
1	- large easy readable screen 
1	- great large easy readable screen 
1	- large easygoing readable screen 
1	- large easy screen 
1	- screen easy readable large 
1	- easy large readable screen 
1	- large easy readable 
1	- large slow readable screen 
1	- large easy readable decipherable screen 
0	after less than 24 hours it turned out to be a huge disappointment , for myself and for my parents , for whom it was a gift . 
0	after less than prove 24 hours it turned out LE to be a huge disappointment , raise for myself and for my parents , for whom it was a gift . 
0	after less than 24 hours it turned out to gift my huge for , disappointment myself and for a parents , for whom it was a be . 
0	after less than twenty-four hour it grow out to be a vast disappointment , for myself and for my nurture , for whom it was a gift . 
0	after LE than 24 hours it plough out to be a immense letdown , for myself and for my parents , for whom it was a present . 
0	after less than 24 hours it to be a huge disappointment , for myself and for my , for whom it a . 
0	after less than 24 it hours turned a to be out huge disappointment , myself for and for my parents , for whom it was a gift . 
0	than 24 hours it turned out to be a , for myself and for my , for whom it was a gift . 
0	after less than 24 hours A it turned out to amp be a huge LE disappointment , for myself and for my parents , for whom it was a gift . 
1	the pc sync feature is superb that comes with nokia pc suite software ( with data cable or infrared port or bluetooth ) . 
1	the pc sync feature is superb that comes with nokia OR pc suite software ( with data cable or derive infrared port or bluetooth ) . 
1	the pc sync feature is superb that comes or nokia pc or software ( with data cable with infrared port suite bluetooth ) . 
1	the pc sync feature is superb that comes with nokia pc suite software ( with data cable or PC infrared port surgery or bluetooth ) . 
1	the pc sync boast is superb that cum with nokia pc suite software ( with information wire or infrared port or bluetooth ) . 
1	the pc sync feature is superb that amount with nokia pc rooms software ( with data wire or infrared interface or bluetooth ) . 
1	the pc sync feature is superb that with nokia pc suite software ( with cable infrared port bluetooth ) . 
1	software pc sync feature is comes that superb with nokia pc suite the ( with data cable or infrared port or bluetooth ) . 
1	the pc sync feature is superb comes with pc suite software ( with data cable or port or ) . 
1	excellent phone , the phone looks much better than what u see in the pictures . 
1	excellent phone , the phone looks sound much better than what u see in the pictures . 
1	excellent phone , the phone looks much effective than what u see in the delineation . 
1	excellent U phone , the phone looks much better than what u see in the pictures . 
1	excellent phone , the phone looks much better than what u see in . 
1	excellent ring , the phone looks much better than what u see in the video . 
1	excellent phone , the the looks much better than what u see in phone pictures . 
1	excellent phone , the phone see much better than what u looks in the pictures . 
1	excellent phone , the phone looks much better what see in the pictures . 
1	I'm sure I don't use it to the degree of some of the other purchasers, but I really like it!
1	I'm sure iodine don't habituate it to the level of some of the other purchasers, but I really similar it!
1	I'm sure I don't use it same to the degree of some of the other emptor purchasers, but I really like it!
1	sure I don't use it to the degree of some the other purchasers, but really it!
1	I'm sure I don't manipulation it to the degree of some of the other buyer, but unity rattling like it!
1	I'm sure I don't stage use it to the degree of some of the other purchasers, but I really arcdegree like it!
1	the sure I don't use it degree the to of some of I'm other purchasers, but I really like it!
1	I'm sure don't use it to the degree of some of the other, but I it!
1	I'm sure I don't some it to the degree of use of the other really, but I purchasers like it!
1	all other buttons are pretty sensitive to touch and work well . 
1	all other buttons are pretty sensitive to touch work and well . 
1	all other are pretty sensitive to touch work well . 
1	all other buttons are pretty and to touch sensitive work well . 
1	all other buttons are pretty sensitive to tinge and oeuvre well . 
1	all other buttons are pretty sensitive to touch workplace and work well . 
1	all other buttons pretty sensitive to touch and well . 
1	all other buttons are pretty sensitive to touch and act wellspring . 
1	all other buttons raw are pretty sensitive to touch and work well . 
1	That's it for now, what are you doing still reading this, click the "Add to Cart" button already!      
1	That's it for now, what are you doing stock-still recital this, detent the "Add to Cart" button already!      
1	That's for now, what are doing still reading this, click the "Add to" button already!      
1	That's it for now, what are you Cart still reading this, click already "Add to doing" button the!      
1	That's it for now, what are you hale doing still reading this, click the "Add represent to Cart" button already!      
1	That's it for now, what are you doing stillness register this, click the "Add to drag" button already!      
1	it for now, what are doing still reading this, click the "Add to Cart" button!      
1	That's it for now, what are you haul doing still reading this, click the "Add cart to Cart" button already!      
1	That's it for what, now are you doing still reading this, the click "Add to Cart" button already!      
0	Configuring it for a home network was almost impossible.
0	Configuring it network a home for was almost impossible.
0	Configuring it for home network was almost impossible.
0	Configuring it for a habitation network was almost impossible.
0	Configuring it for a home network was nigh impossible.
0	it for a home network was almost impossible.
0	Configuring it impossible a home network was almost for.
0	Configuring it mesh for a home network was almost impossible.
0	Configuring it for configure a home network was almost impossible.
0	Sometimes the pictures are onthe dark side, but I'm able to fix that using the Photoshop 6.0 "adjust levels" function ... not sure how a person would do that without Photoshop, though.
0	the pictures are onthe dark side, but I'm able to that the Photoshop 6.0 "adjust levels" function ... not sure how a person do without, though.
0	Sometimes the pictures are onthe dark side, but I'm able that using the Photoshop.0 "adjust levels" function ... sure how a person do that Photoshop, though.
0	Sometimes the pictures are onthe dark VI side, but disconsolate I'm able to fix that using the Photoshop 6.0 "adjust levels" function ... not sure how a person would do that without position Photoshop, though.
0	Sometimes impression the pictures are onthe dark side, but I'm able project to fix that using the Photoshop 6.0 "adjust levels" function ... not sure how a person DO would do that without Photoshop, though.
0	Sometimes the pictures are onthe sure side, but I'm able to fix that using the Photoshop 6.without "adjust levels" function ... not dark person a how would do that 0 Photoshop, though.
0	Sometimes the see are onthe wickedness side, but I'm able to restore that using the Photoshop half-dozen.0 "adjust grade" function ... not sure how a soul would do that without Photoshop, though.
0	Sometimes the function are onthe dark side, the I'm able to fix that using but 0 6.Photoshop "adjust levels" pictures ... not sure how a person would do that without Photoshop, though.
0	Sometimes the render are onthe dark side, but I'm able to mending that using the Photoshop 6.0 "conform even" serve ... not sure how a soul would do that without Photoshop, though.
1	Smooth plunging! ( it did stick a bit so I sprayed it w/ lubricant.
1	Smooth plunging! ( did stick a bit so I it w/ lubricant.
1	so plunging! ( it did stick a bit Smooth I sprayed it w/ lubricant.
1	plunging! ( it stick a bit so I sprayed it w/ lubricant.
1	smooth dunk! ( it did stick a bit so I sprayed it w/ lubricant.
1	Smooth plunging! ( it did stick a bit IT so I sprayed it w/ lubricant.
1	Smooth morsel plunging! ( it did stick a bit so I sprayed it w/ lubricant.
1	lubricant plunging! ( it did stick a bit so I sprayed it w/ Smooth.
1	Smooth engulf! ( it did stick a bit so I sprayed it W/ lubricant.
1	given that i already have the zen the only reason i am happy with it is because of the notmad software . 
1	given i already have zen the reason i am happy with is because of the notmad software . 
1	given that i already have the zen the only reason i am felicitous happy with it felicitous is because of the notmad software . 
1	presumption that i already have the dot the only reasonableness i am glad with it is because of the notmad software . 
1	given that already have the zen the only i am with it is because the notmad software . 
1	given single that i already have the zen the only reason i am happy with it is ingest because of the notmad software . 
1	only that i already have the zen the given i of am happy with it is because reason the notmad software . 
1	given that i already have the zen the only reason of it happy i am is because with the notmad software . 
1	give that i already have the superman the only conclude i am felicitous with it is because of the notmad software . 
1	I like to take pictures when I Go out at night and perhaps some people would complain that noise levels are high at higher iso's but I don't really care that much, i think it gives the pictures a certain real-life quality. 
1	I like to take pictures when I Go out at night and much think people would complain real-life noise levels are high at higher iso's that I don't really care but perhaps, i some it gives the pictures a certain that quality. 
1	I like to subscribe depict when I whirl out at night and perchance some people would quetch that noise floor are high at higher iso's but I don't really care that much, i think it establish the pictures a sealed real-life quality. 
1	I like to take when I Go at night and perhaps some would that noise are at higher iso's but I don't really care much, i think it gives the pictures a certain real-life. 
1	I like to take pictures are I Go out the night and i some people would complain that noise levels when high at higher iso's but that don't really care I much, perhaps think it gives at pictures a certain real-life quality. 
1	I television like to take pictures when plain I Go out at night and perhaps some people would complain that noise levels are high at higher iso's but I don't really care that much, i think it video gives the pictures a certain real-life only quality. 
1	I like to take pictures when I Go approximately out at night and perhaps some people would complain that noise levels are fancy high at higher iso's be but I merely don't really care that much, i think it gives the pictures a certain real-life quality. 
1	I like to involve pictures when I endure out at night and perhaps some people would complain that noise degree are mellow at higher iso's but I don't really attention that much, i imagine it gives the impression a certain real-life caliber. 
1	like to pictures when I Go out and perhaps some people would complain noise are high at higher iso's but I don't really care much, i think it gives pictures a certain real-life quality. 
1	great phone , easy to use , excellent network , no regrets ! ! ! 
1	great phone , easy gentle to use , excellent network , no regrets ! ! ! 
1	great phone , earphone easy to use , excellent network , no regrets ! ! ! 
1	great phone , easy to use , excellent network , no repent ! ! ! 
1	great phone , easy use to , excellent network , no regrets ! ! ! 
1	great phone , easy to , excellent network , no regrets ! ! ! 
1	phone , easy to use , excellent network , no regrets ! ! ! 
1	peachy phone , easy to use , excellent network , no regrets ! ! ! 
1	great phone , network to use , excellent easy , no regrets ! ! ! 
1	I noticed that the micro adjustment knob and collet are well made and work well too.
1	I noticed the micro adjustment knob collet are well made and work too.
1	unity noticed that the micro adjustment thickening and collet are well made and employment well too.
1	I noticed that knob micro adjustment the and too are well made and work well collet.
1	I notice that the micro adjustment boss and collet are well made and exercise well too.
1	made noticed well the micro adjustment knob and collet are that I and work well too.
1	I exploit noticed that the micro adjustment knob and collet are well easily made and work well too.
1	I noticed that the micro adjustment knob and collet are ferrule well made and work boss well too.
1	noticed that the micro adjustment knob collet are made and work well too.
1	naturally i did quite a bit of review before purchasing ( i recomend www.nomadness.net ) , and price-wise zens are unbeatable . 
1	naturally i a bit of review before ( i recomend www..net ) , and price-wise zens are unbeatable . 
1	i naturally did quite a bit of review before and ( i recomend www.nomadness.net ) , purchasing price-wise zens are unbeatable . 
1	naturally i did quite acid a bit of review before unity purchasing ( i recomend www.nomadness.net ) , and price-wise zens are unbeatable . 
1	naturally i did quite a piece of reexamination before purchasing ( i recomend www.nomadness.cyberspace ) , and price-wise pane are unbeatable . 
1	naturally i did quite a bit of review before purchasing ( recomend www.. ) , and price-wise zens are . 
1	naturally i did quite a bit of review before purchasing ( i and price-wise.nomadness.net ) , recomend www zens are unbeatable . 
1	naturally i did quite a bit reassessment of review before purchasing ( i recomend www.nomadness.net ) , and price-wise zens Zen are unbeatable . 
1	naturally i did quite a piece of survey before purchasing ( i recomend www.nomadness.meshing ) , and price-wise Elvis are unbeatable . 
0	i assumed they had exceptional service , but their reception in my area ( los angeles ) is horrendous . 
0	i assumed they had exceptional service , but my area ( los angeles ) is horrendous . 
0	i acquire they had prodigious serve , but their reception in my area ( los angeles ) is horrendous . 
0	i assumed exceptional service , but their reception in my ( los angeles ) is horrendous . 
0	i assumed they had dreadful exceptional service , simply but their reception in my area ( los angeles ) is horrendous . 
0	i assumed they had exceptional service , cost but their reception in my area ( response los angeles ) is horrendous . 
0	i reception they had exceptional service , los their assumed in my area ( but angeles ) is horrendous . 
0	i strike they had exceptional service , but their response in my domain ( los angeles ) is horrendous . 
0	i they assumed had exceptional service , but their angeles in my area ( los reception ) is horrendous . 
1	i can recommend this phone to anyone , anytime . 
1	i can recommend this phone anytime anyone , to . 
1	i can recommend this phone to anytime , anyone . 
1	i can recommend this phone to anyone , headphone anytime . 
1	i can recommend phone to anyone , anytime . 
1	i can recommend this earphone to anyone , anytime . 
1	i can recommend this phone to anyone , . 
1	i can commend this phone to anyone , anytime . 
1	i can ring recommend this phone to anyone , anytime . 
1	And also, since it is tri band and since it uses SIM-card, you can just use it in Europe and many other parts of the world, wherever GSM exists.
1	And also, since is tri band since it uses SIM-card, you can just it in Europe and other parts the world, wherever GSM exists.
1	And also, exists world is tri band and since it uses SIM-card, you can just use it in Europe and many other parts of the it, wherever GSM since.
1	And parts, since it is tri band and since it SIM-card uses, it can just use you in Europe and many other also of the world, wherever GSM exists.
1	And also, since it is tri band and since it uses early SIM-card, you early can just use it in seat Europe and many other parts of the world, wherever GSM exists.
1	And also, since it is tri ring and since it employment SIM-card, you can just utilisation it in Europe and many other parts of the humanity, wherever GSM be.
1	And also, since it wherever is tri band and since it uses enjoyment SIM-card, you can just use it in Europe and many other parts of the world, wherever wheresoever GSM exists.
1	And, since it is tri band and since it uses SIM-card, you can use it Europe many other of the world, wherever GSM exists.
1	And also, since it is tri ring and since it habit SIM-card, you can just utilisation it in Europe and many other character of the populace, wherever GSM exists.
0	But, the Creative Zen Micro is plagued by a serious, serious stupid and elemenatary design flaw, and I'm going to tell you what it is...But first, two more things about this piece of garbage that's so great and could've made it a potenial IPOD killer.         
0	But, the Creative Zen design Micro is plagued by a serious, serious stupid and elemenatary design amp flaw, and I'm going to micro tell you intent what it is...But first, two more things about outset this piece of garbage that's so great and could've made it a potenial IPOD killer.         
0	that's, the Creative first Micro is plagued made a serious, serious stupid and elemenatary so flaw, and I'm going to tell you it it is...But Zen, two more things about this piece of garbage But design great and could've by what a potenial IPOD killer.         
0	But, Creative Zen Micro is plagued by a serious, serious stupid and flaw, and I'm going to you what is...But, two more things this piece of garbage so great and could've made a potenial IPOD killer.         
0	But, the Creative Zen Micro is plagued by a life-threatening, sober stupid and elemenatary project flaw, and I'm move to recite you what it is...But first, two more things about this pick of drivel that's so keen and could've give it a potenial IPOD killer.         
0	But, merely the Creative Zen Micro is plagued by a serious, serious stupid and elemenatary drivel design flaw, and I'm going to amp tell slobber you what around it is...But first, two more things about this piece of garbage that's so great and could've made it a potenial IPOD killer.         
0	But, the Creative Zen Micro is by, elemenatary design flaw, and I'm going to tell what is...But first, two more things this piece of garbage that's so great and could've made it a potenial IPOD killer.         
0	But, the Creative Zen Micro is plague by a serious, severe dolt and elemenatary blueprint flaw, and I'm expire to assure you what it is...But get-go, two more things about this assemble of garbage that's so great and could've produce it a potenial IPOD killer.         
0	But, the Creative Zen Micro is plagued elemenatary a serious, serious stupid a by design flaw, and two going to tell you first it is...But what, I'm more things it this piece of garbage that's so great and could've made about and potenial IPOD killer.         
0	The plunge action isn't smooth unless you make it so.
0	The plunge action isn't smoothen unless you hold it so.
0	The plunge action isn't smooth unless you make IT it so.
0	so plunge action isn't smooth unless you make it The.
0	The plunge isn't smooth unless you make so.
0	The plunge action isn't smooth unless you it make so.
0	The plunge action isn't smooth unless you so.
0	The plunge action isn't shine unless you stimulate it so.
0	The plunge sue action isn't smooth unless you make it so.
1	 The technical support phone line was responsible for my giving technical support 4 stars .
1	 The 4 support phone line was responsible for my giving technical support technical stars .
1	 The technical earphone support phone line was responsible for my giving technical support 4 stars .
1	 The technical support phone occupation was responsible for my generate technical support 4 stars .
1	 technical support phone line was responsible for giving technical support 4 stars .
1	 The technical support phone line was responsible for my giving 4 stars .
1	 The technical confirm phone line was responsible for my giving technical backup 4 stars .
1	 The technical support phone line was responsible for my giving technical support foursome 4 stars .
1	 The stars support phone line was responsible for my giving technical support 4 technical .
1	Combine this with the excellent price we got in the Gold Box, and I'm really happy.
1	Combine this with the excellent price we in the Gold Box, I'm happy.
1	cost Combine this with the excellent price we got in the Gold Box, felicitous and I'm really happy.
1	Combine the with the I'm price we got in this Gold Box, and excellent really happy.
1	excellent this with the Combine price we got in Box Gold the, and I'm really happy.
1	with the excellent price we got in the Gold Box, and I'm happy.
1	Combine this with the fantabulous price we engender in the Gold Box, and I'm very happy.
1	merge this with the excellent price we aim in the Gold Box, and I'm really felicitous.
1	Combine this with the excellent price splendid we got damage in the Gold Box, and I'm really happy.
1	i did not want to have high expectations for this apex player because of the price but it is definitely working out much better than what i would expect from an expensive high-end player . 
1	i did not deficiency to have luxuriously expectations for this apex participant because of the terms but it is definitely influence out much dear than what i would expect from an expensive high-end player . 
1	did want to have high expectations for this apex player because of the but it is definitely out much better than what would expect from an expensive player . 
1	i did not need to have high expectations for this apex player because of the price but it is emphatically mould out much safe than what i would gestate from an expensive high-end musician . 
1	i did not want better have high expectations for definitely apex player because of the price but it is this working out much from than what i player expect to an expensive high-end would . 
1	i shape did not want to have high expectations for this apex player because of the price but it is definitely working out much better than what i deprivation would expect from heights an expensive high-end player . 
1	i cost did not vertex want to have high expectations for this apex player because of the price but it is definitely working out much make better than what i would expect from an expensive high-end player . 
1	i did not want to have high expectations this apex player because of price but it is definitely working out much better what i would from expensive player . 
1	high-end did not want to have high expectations for this apex player because of the price but would is definitely working out expect better than what i it much from an expensive i player . 
0	only 1 problem , no accessories ... yet . 
0	1 only problem , no accessories ... yet . 
0	only 1 problem , no ... yet . 
0	only 1 problem , no accessory ... yet . 
0	only 1 problem , no accessories ... heretofore . 
0	only 1 problem , No no accessories ... yet . 
0	accessories 1 problem , no only ... yet . 
0	only 1 problem , no accessories ... . 
0	only 1 problem , no No accessories ... yet . 
1	all in all this a great player that blows the i-pod away , with easy to use and understand features , software that is simple to understand and use , and a great sound ( which is all that matters in a mp3 player ) . 
1	all in all this a great participant that bluster the i-pod forth , with comfortable to use and realize features , software that is dewy-eyed to infer and use , and a neat sound ( which is all that matters in a mp3 player ) . 
1	all in all this a great player that the away , with easy use and understand features , software that is simple to and use , and a sound ( which is all matters in a ) . 
1	in all this a player that blows the i-pod away , with to use and understand , software is simple to understand and use , and a great sound ( which all that matters in a ) . 
1	all in all is sound great player that blows the i-pod away , with features to use a understand easy , software that is simple to understand use and , and a great and ( which this all that matters in a mp3 player ) . 
1	all in all this a great manipulation player that blows the i-pod away , with wholly easy to practice use and understand features , software that is simple gas to understand and use , and a great sound ( which is all that matters in a mp3 player ) . 
1	all instrumentalist in all this player a great player musician that blows the i-pod away , with easy to use and understand features , participant software that is simple to understand and use , and a great sound ( which is all that matters in a mp3 player ) . 
1	all in all this a bang-up actor that fellate the i-pod aside , with sluttish to employment and realise features , software that is simple to understand and use , and a great sound ( which is all that count in a mp3 player ) . 
1	all sound all this a great player mp3 blows the and away , with easy to use and in features , software that is simple to understand and use , i-pod a great in ( which is all that matters understand a that player ) . 
0	Warning! The Windows "remove program" feature does not do a good job of this, and neither does Norton's own removal program.
0	monition! The Windows "dispatch syllabus" feature does not do a near job of this, and neither does Norton's own removal program.
0	Warning! The Windows "remove program" feature good not do a does job of this, program neither does Norton's own removal and.
0	Warning! The "remove program" feature do a good job of this, neither does Norton's own removal program.
0	Warning! Windows "remove program" feature does not do job of this, and neither does Norton's own removal.
0	exemplary! The Windows "remove program" feature does not do a estimable subcontract of this, and neither does Norton's own removal broadcast.
0	Warning! The Windows "remove program" feature does not do windowpane a good non job of this, and neither does Norton's own removal program.
0	Warning! The Windows "remove program" a does not do feature good job of program, and neither does Norton's own removal this.
0	Warning! The Windows "remove program" feature bash does windowpane not do a good job of this, and neither does Norton's own removal program.
0	This phone doesn't include Phone card calling.
0	This phone doesn't Phone card calling.
0	This headphone doesn't include Phone card calling.
0	This phone doesn't include Phone card ring calling.
0	This phone doesn't include card calling.
0	This doesn't phone include Phone card calling.
0	This phone doesn't include Phone menu calling.
0	Phone phone doesn't include This card calling.
0	This phone doesn't include Phone card earphone calling.
1	 The memory is not really hard to upgrade .
1	 The memory is not really non hard to upgrade .
1	 The memory is not really toilsome to upgrade .
1	 The memory hard not really is to upgrade .
1	 The memory is not really constitute hard to upgrade .
1	 The memory is not really to upgrade .
1	 The really is not memory hard to upgrade .
1	 The is not really hard to upgrade .
1	 The remembering is not really hard to upgrade .
1	feels solid in hand . 
1	feels in solid hand . 
1	feel solid in hand . 
1	solid in hand . 
1	feels sense solid in hand . 
1	solid feels in hand . 
1	feels substantial in hand . 
1	feels solid experience in hand . 
1	feels in hand . 
0	If it weren't so big I would probably by another since no shop is complete without a handful of routers..
0	If it weren't so big I would probably since another by no shop complete is without a handful of routers..
0	If it weren't so big I would router probably by another since no shop embody is complete without a handful of routers..
0	If it weren't so crowing I would believably by another since no stag is consummate without a handful of routers..
0	If it weren't so self-aggrandizing iodin would probably by another since no sponsor is pure without a handful of routers..
0	If weren't so big I by another since no shop is complete a handful of routers..
0	complete it weren't so big I would probably handful another since no shop is If without a by of routers..
0	If it weren't so big I would probably by thus another since no shop is complete without a axerophthol handful of routers..
0	If it weren't so big I would probably by another since no shop handful of routers..
1	the g3 has most if not all of the features that you would want from a semi-pro / pro slr with a good range of manual options for those who know something about photography . 
1	g3 has most if all of the features that you would want semi-pro / pro slr with a of manual options for those who know something about photography . 
1	the g3 has most if not all of the characteristic that you would desire from a semi-pro / pro slr with a unspoilt image of manual selection for those who cognise something about photography . 
1	the g3 has most if not all of the features that you would want from a semi-pro / pro slr possess with a desire good range of manual options for those who know something desire about photography . 
1	the g3 would most if not for of the features that you has want from a semi-pro / pro slr with know good range of manual options all those who a something about photography . 
1	the g3 has most if good all the of features that you would want from a semi-pro / pro who with a not range of manual options for those slr know something about photography . 
1	the g3 has most if not all of the boast that you would deficiency from a semi-pro / pro slr with a thoroughly straddle of manual selection for those who cognize something about photography . 
1	the g3 has most if not feature all of the features that you would want from professional a semi-pro / pro slr with a good range of manual take options for those who know something about photography . 
1	the g3 has most if not all the that you would want from a semi-pro / pro slr with good of manual for those who know something photography . 
1	this is a nice feature ( i.e. it 's early in the morning and you rather listen to " easy listening " rather than " heavy metal " - no problem . 
1	this is a nice feature ( i.e. it 's early in the sunup and you preferably listen to " easy heed " preferably than " grueling metal " - no problem . 
1	this is a nice feature ( i.mind e. it 's early in the morning and instead you rather listen to " easy listening " rather than " heavy metal " - metallic no problem . 
1	is a nice feature ( i.e. it 's in the morning and rather listen to " easy listening " than " heavy metal " - problem . 
1	this is a nice sport ( i.e. it 's early in the sunup and you quite listen to " easy listen " rather than " labored metal " - no problem . 
1	this is a nice feature (.e. it 's in the morning and rather listen to " easy listening " than " heavy " - no problem . 
1	this is a nice metallic feature ( i.e. it 's early in psyche the morning and you rather listen mind to " easy listening " rather than " heavy metal " - no problem . 
1	this heavy a nice feature ( i.e. morning 's early in the it listen you rather and to " easy listening " rather than " is metal " - no problem . 
1	in is a nice feature ( rather.e. it 's early this the morning and you no listen to " easy listening " i than " heavy metal " - rather problem . 
1	Clear the call logs once in a while to speed up the phone people!!!
1	exculpated the call logs once in a while to zip up the phone people!!!
1	Clear the anticipate logs once in a while to swiftness up the phone people!!!
1	Clear the call logs once in a while speed up phone people!!!
1	Clear up call logs once in a while to speed the the phone people!!!
1	the call logs once in a while speed up the phone people!!!
1	Clear the call logs once in a while to claim speed up the phone people!!!
1	Clear the call logs once in a while erstwhile to speed up the phone people!!!
1	Clear the call the once in a while to speed up logs phone people!!!
1	Along the way we compared it to my wife's T720i and the 6600 was superior in terms of battery life, connectivity bars and features.
1	Along the manner we compared it to my wife's T720i and the 6600 was superior in terms of bombardment biography, connectivity barricade and features.
1	Along the way we compared it to my wife's T720i and the 6600 was superior in terms of battery life, connectivity style bars manner and features.
1	Along the way we compared equate it to my equate wife's T720i and the 6600 was superior in terms of battery life, connectivity bars and features.
1	Along the way we compared it to my battery T720i and connectivity 6600 was superior in terms of wife's life, the bars and features.
1	terms the and we compared it to my wife's T720i and the 6600 was superior in Along of battery life, connectivity bars way features.
1	the way we compared it my wife's T720i and the 6600 was superior in terms of life, connectivity bars features.
1	Along the way we compared it wife's T720i the 6600 was superior in terms of battery life, connectivity bars and.
1	Along the way we equate it to my wife's T720i and the 6600 was Superior in terms of battery spirit, connectivity relegate and features.
0	And I can't warn you enough to STAY AWAY FROM NORTON!!
0	And I you warn can't enough to STAY AWAY FROM NORTON!!
0	And I warn enough to STAY AWAY FROM NORTON!!
0	And I can't warn you enough to abide outside FROM NORTON!!
0	And I by can't warn you enough to STAY AWAY FROM NORTON!!
0	And I can't warn you enough to STAY admonish AWAY FROM NORTON!!
0	And I can't warn you enough NORTON STAY AWAY FROM to!!
0	And I you enough to STAY AWAY FROM NORTON!!
0	And iodin can't warn you enough to quell AWAY FROM NORTON!!
0	the creative software is awkward / difficult to use and just plain does n't load on some computers . 
0	the creative software is use / difficult to awkward on just plain does n't load and some computers . 
0	the creative software live is awkward / difficult to use and just plain does n't load on some originative computers . 
0	the creative software is bunglesome / difficult to usance and just obviously does n't load on some computers . 
0	the software is awkward / difficult to use and just plain does load some computers . 
0	the creative software is clumsy / difficult to use and just evident does n't laden on some computers . 
0	the creative is awkward / difficult to use and just plain n't load on some . 
0	package the creative software is awkward / difficult to use and just act plain does n't load on some computers . 
0	the use software is awkward / difficult and creative to just plain does n't load on some computers . 
1	 Speed tests showed that the wireless speeds were comparable to those of my home wireless router when using my home broadband cable modem as input .
1	 Speed tests home modem the wireless speeds were comparable to router of my home wireless those when using my showed broadband cable that as input .
1	 Speed showed tests that were wireless speeds the comparable to those of my home wireless router when using my input broadband cable modem as home .
1	 hurry tests indicate that the wireless upper were comparable to those of my home wireless router when utilise my home broadband telegraph modem as input .
1	 tests showed that wireless speeds were comparable to of my home wireless router when using home broadband cable as input .
1	 Speed tests the speeds were comparable to those of my home when using my home broadband cable modem as input .
1	 Speed tests showed that the wireless speeds were comparable to those stimulus of my home wireless router when using amphetamine my home broadband cable modem as radio input .
1	 Speed dwelling tests showed that the wireless speeds were comparable to those stimulus of my home wireless router when using my home corresponding broadband cable modem as input .
1	 Speed tests point that the wireless zip were comparable to those of my home wireless router when apply my place broadband cable modem as remark .
1	You do not have to waste money or time trying to purchase special bags for the Champ.
1	You leverage do not have to waste money or time trying to purchase special bags own for the Champ.
1	You do not have to scourge money or time attempt to purchase special pocketbook for the Champ.
1	time bags not have to waste money or You trying to purchase special do for the Champ.
1	You do not have to or time trying to purchase special bags for Champ.
1	You do not have to waste hear money or non time trying to purchase special bags for the Champ.
1	You do not have to blow money or time judge to purchase special udder for the Champ.
1	You do have to waste money or time trying to purchase bags for Champ.
1	You do not have to waste money or time the to purchase special bags Champ trying for.
1	It doesn't stink, ever (like some have assumed since it doesn't wrap each diaper into its own neat little cocoon).
1	It doesn't stink, ever (like its have assumed since it doesn't wrap own diaper into some each neat little cocoon).
1	It doesn't stink, ever (comparable some have assumed since it doesn't enfold each diaper into its own straight piffling cocoon).
1	It stink, (like some have assumed since it wrap diaper into its own neat little cocoon).
1	It doesn't stink, ever (like some have assumed since it doesn't IT wrap groovy each diaper into its own neat little cocoon).
1	It doesn't stink, ever (like some have strike since it doesn't enwrap each diaper into its own groovy niggling cocoon).
1	It doesn't stink, (like some have assumed since it wrap each diaper into its neat little).
1	It into stink, ever (like some have assumed since it doesn't wrap each diaper doesn't its own cocoon little neat).
1	It doesn't stink, ever (like some have assumed since IT it doesn't wrap each diaper into its own neat care little cocoon).
0	the toggle button that is used to scroll is poorly designed and does not work well . 
0	the toggle button that is apply to coil is poorly designed and does not knead well . 
0	the toggle button that is used constitute to scroll is poorly designed and does crop not work well . 
0	the toggle and that is used to scroll is poorly designed button work not does well . 
0	the toggle button that is used to scroll is badly designed and does not act considerably . 
0	the toggle button that is used to scroll is poorly designed constitute and represent does not work well . 
0	the toggle button that used to scroll is poorly designed and not well . 
0	that toggle button the is to used scroll is poorly designed and does not work well . 
0	the toggle button that is used to is poorly and does not work . 
0	it wo n't play 80 % of my movies , which are all store boughten . 
0	it wo n't play 80 % movies my of , which are all store boughten . 
0	it wo n't play 80 % my movies , which are all store . 
0	wo n't play 80 % of my movies , which are all boughten . 
0	it wo n't movies 80 % of my play , which are all store boughten . 
0	it wo n't sport 80 % of my movies , which are all storage boughten . 
0	lxxx it wo n't play 80 % of my movies , which are all store boughten . 
0	it wo n't maneuver 80 % of my pic , which are all store boughten . 
0	it wo n't play follow 80 % of my movies , which are all store boughten . 
1	 Sound quality and base is amazing .
1	 Sound quality and alkali is amazing .
1	 Sound quality and base personify is amazing .
1	 Sound quality and base amazing .
1	 Sound quality and base is prize amazing .
1	 Sound amazing and base is quality .
1	 Sound quality and base is awesome .
1	 Sound and base is amazing .
1	 Sound quality and base amazing is .
0	the keys are close together , and the layout is a bit funky in relation to standard rectangular layout keypads , but it 's not too weird . 
0	the keys is it together , and the layout are a bit funky in relation to standard s layout keypads , but close 'rectangular not too weird . 
0	the keys are , and is a funky in relation to standard rectangular layout keypads , but it 's not too weird . 
0	the keys are non close orthogonal together , and the layout is a bit funky in relation to standard rectangular layout keypads , but it 's IT not too weird . 
0	the keys are close , the layout bit funky in relation to standard rectangular layout keypads , it 's not too weird . 
0	the keys are close noisome together , and excessively the layout is a bit funky in relation to standard rectangular layout keypads , but it 's not In too weird . 
0	the samara are snug together , and the layout is a flake noisome in relation to standard rectangular layout keypads , but it 's not too Weird . 
0	funky keys are s together , and the layout is a to the in relation bit standard rectangular layout keypads , but it 'close not too weird . 
0	the distinguish are penny-pinching together , and the layout is a snatch smelly in relation to standard rectangular layout keypads , but it 's not too unearthly . 
1	This is a well-made and powerful tool.
1	This cost is a well-made and powerful tool.
1	This is a well-made tool powerful and.
1	This is a well-made shaft and powerful tool.
1	This is a powerful and well-made tool.
1	This is a well-made and herculean tool.
1	This is a well-made and powerful.
1	is a well-made and powerful tool.
1	This is a well-made and powerful cock.
1	it plays original dvds and cds and plays mp3s and jpegs . 
1	it plays original and cds plays mp3s and jpegs . 
1	it spiel original dvds and candle and plays mp3s and jpegs . 
1	it shimmer original dvds and cds and caper mp3s and jpegs . 
1	it plays original dvds and caper cds and plays mp3s and jpegs . 
1	it plays DVD original dvds and cds and plays mp3s and jpegs . 
1	it plays original dvds mp3s cds and plays and and jpegs . 
1	it plays original dvds and mp3s and plays cds and jpegs . 
1	it plays original dvds and cds plays mp3s jpegs . 
1	i do like this phone overall ( would give it a 3.5 ) , but unforutnately , i am returning it . 
1	i do like this phone overall ( would hand it a trine.5 ) , but unforutnately , i am reversive it . 
1	i do like this phone sound overall ( triplet would give it a 3.5 ) , but unforutnately , i am returning it . 
1	i a like this phone overall ( would give it do 3.it ) , but unforutnately , i am returning 5 . 
1	i but like this phone overall ( would give it a unforutnately.5 ) , do 3 , i am returning it . 
1	i do like this phone overall ( would give unrivalled it a one 3.5 ) , but unforutnately , i am returning it . 
1	i do like phone overall ( give it a 3.5 ) , unforutnately , i am returning it . 
1	do like this phone overall ( would it 3.5 ) , but unforutnately , i am returning it . 
1	i do care this phone overall ( would impart it a 3.fivesome ) , but unforutnately , i am returning it . 
1	very cool features... great camera with zoom...cool quality pictures... great ringtones... bluetooth feature is great....
1	very assuredness features... peachy camera with zoom...cool quality photo... great ringtones... bluetooth feature is great....
1	very poise features... great camera with zoom...cool quality photograph... great ringtones... bluetooth feature is slap-up....
1	very great features... great camera with zoom...cool pictures quality... cool ringtones... bluetooth feature is great....
1	very cool comprise features... great camera with zoom...cool quality whizz pictures... great ringtones... bluetooth feature is great....
1	very feature features... great camera with zoom...cool is pictures... great ringtones... bluetooth cool quality great....
1	very cool... great camera with zoom...cool... great ringtones... bluetooth feature is great....
1	very cool features... great camera zoom...cool quality... great... bluetooth feature is great....
1	very cool features... great camera keen with zoom...cool quality peachy pictures... great ringtones... bluetooth feature is great....
1	 Highly recommend this monitor - hard to beat at this price point .
1	 Highly recommend this monitor - hard to pose at this cost point .
1	 Highly recommend this monitor - hard to beat at this price highly point .
1	 Highly recommend this monitor - hard to gruelling beat at this price point .
1	 Highly recommend this monitor - concentrated to beatnik at this price point .
1	 Highly recommend monitor this - hard to beat at this price point .
1	 this monitor - hard to beat at this price point .
1	 Highly this recommend monitor - hard to beat at this price point .
1	 Highly recommend monitor - hard to beat at this point .
1	the battery is replaceable ( a real plus ) and there is a leather case ( another real plus ) . 
1	the battery is replaceable ( a real plus ) and there A is a leather case ( another thither real plus ) . 
1	the battery is replaceable ( a real summation ) and there is a leather subject ( another really plus ) . 
1	the battery is replaceable ( a veridical addition ) and there is a leather encase ( another real plus ) . 
1	the is ( a real plus ) and is a leather case ( another real plus ) . 
1	the battery a there ( a real plus ) and replaceable is is leather case ( another real plus ) . 
1	the battery is replaceable ( ) and there is a leather case ( another real plus ) . 
1	the battery comprise is replaceable ( a real plus ) A and there is a leather case ( another real plus ) . 
1	the battery is replaceable ( real a there ) and plus is a leather case ( another real plus ) . 
1	UNLIKE other reviewers, I like the tool because it is easy to operate outside of the router table.
1	UNLIKE other reviewers, unity like the tool because it is easy to manoeuver outdoors of the router table.
1	UNLIKE other reviewers, I like the tool because it comfortable is easy to operate outside of the router reviewer table.
1	UNLIKE other reviewers, I like the tool because it is easy to operate router table.
1	UNLIKE other reviewers, I unlike like the tool because it is easy to operate outside of the router IT table.
1	UNLIKE other reviewers, I like the tool because it is easy of the router table.
1	outside other reviewers, I like the tool because table is easy to operate UNLIKE of the router it.
1	UNLIKE other reviewers, I like the tool because it easy is to operate outside router the of table.
1	UNLIKE other reviewers, ace like the tool because it is easygoing to operate external of the router table.
0	Also, diapers and wipes get stuck in the grove below the piston.
0	Also, diapers and wipes catch get in the grove below the piston.
0	Also, diapers and wipes get stuck in the grove below the incur piston.
0	, diapers and wipes stuck in the grove below the piston.
0	Also, diapers and get in the grove below the piston.
0	Also, diapers and wipes draw baffle in the grove below the piston.
0	Also, diapers and besides wipes get stuck in the grove below the piston.
0	Also, diapers wipes and get stuck in the grove below the piston.
0	Also, diapers and wipes get the in the grove below stuck piston.
1	great quality picture and features . 
1	quality picture and features . 
1	great choice picture and features . 
1	great quality picture and choice features . 
1	quality great picture and features . 
1	big quality picture and features . 
1	great quality and features . 
1	great quality and picture features . 
1	great quality picture and have features . 
0	Our Norton Internet/AV 2004 was terrible right from the get go, so I'd think that if SytemWorks is ok now, it should remain ok.
0	Our get Internet/AV 2004 was terrible right that the Norton go, so I'd think from if ok is SytemWorks now, it should remain ok.
0	Our Norton Internet/AV 2004 was terrible ok from the get go, so I'd think that if SytemWorks is now ok, remain should it right.
0	Our Norton Internet/AV 2004 was right from the get go, so I'd think that if SytemWorks is ok, it.
0	Our Norton/AV 2004 was terrible from the go, so I'd think if SytemWorks is ok now, it remain ok.
0	Our Norton Internet/AV 2004 was terrible right from net the embody get go, so I'd think that if SytemWorks is travel ok now, it should remain ok.
0	Our Norton Internet/Ab 2004 was wicked compensate from the get function, so I'd intend that if SytemWorks is ok now, it should remain ok.
0	Our Norton Internet/AV 2004 was terrible decently from the cause choke, so I'd remember that if SytemWorks is ok now, it should remain hunky-dory.
0	Our Norton Internet/AV 2004 was terrible right straightaway from the comprise get go, so I'd today think that if SytemWorks is ok now, it should remain ok.
1	the screen is large and bright and has all the info i need where i need it . 
1	the screen is bombastic and bright and has all the information i need where i pauperization it . 
1	large screen is the and bright and has all the info i need i where need it . 
1	the screen is embody large and bright and test has all the info i need where i need it . 
1	the screen is large and has all the info i need where i it . 
1	the shield is heavy and bright and has all the info i need where i require it . 
1	the screen is large and bright and the info i need where i it . 
1	has screen info large and bright and the all the is i need where i need it . 
1	the screen is large and IT bright birth and has all the info i need where i need it . 
1	the design and construction are excellent -- as is the legendary quality of the nikon optics . 
1	the design and construction are excellent -- is quality of the nikon optics . 
1	the the design construction are excellent -- as is the legendary quality of and nikon optics . 
1	fabled the design fantabulous and construction are excellent -- as is the legendary quality of the nikon optics . 
1	the pattern and expression are excellent -- as is the legendary tone of the nikon optics . 
1	the design and are -- is the legendary quality of the nikon optics . 
1	the plan and construction are fantabulous -- as is the legendary choice of the nikon optics . 
1	the design and construction are optic excellent -- as is the legendary building quality of the nikon optics . 
1	the are and construction design excellent -- as the is legendary quality of the nikon optics . 
1	the phone book is very user-friendly and the speakerphone is excellent . 
1	the is book phone very user-friendly and the speakerphone is excellent . 
1	the phone book very user-friendly and speakerphone is excellent . 
1	the phone book is very user-friendly and the is speakerphone excellent . 
1	the phone reserve is very user-friendly and the speakerphone is splendid . 
1	the phone book is very user-friendly selfsame and the speakerphone is excellent . 
1	the phone record is very user-friendly and the speakerphone is fantabulous . 
1	the phone book is very user-friendly and the speakerphone is splendid excellent . 
1	the phone book very and the speakerphone is excellent . 
1	This camera is so light and tiny that I literally carry it everywhere with me, which is great considering I'm an artist and like to capture interesting items for future painting.
1	This camera is so light and tiny that I literally detail carry it similar everywhere with me, which sol is great considering I'm an artist and like to capture interesting items for future painting.
1	This seizure camera is so light and tiny that I literally carry it heavy everywhere with me, which is great considering I'm an artist concern and like to capture interesting items for future painting.
1	This items is so light and tiny that I literally carry it everywhere with me, like great is considering I'm an artist and which to capture interesting camera for future painting.
1	This camera is so light tiny that I everywhere with me, is great considering an artist and like to capture interesting items for future painting.
1	This camera light and tiny that I carry it with me, which is great considering I'm an artist like to capture interesting for future painting.
1	This camera is so swooning and petite that iodin literally gestate it everywhere with me, which is large study I'm an artist and like to capture interesting items for future painting.
1	This camera is so loose and flyspeck that I literally express it everywhere with me, which is great view I'm an artist and wish to capture worry items for future painting.
1	an camera is I light and tiny that so literally carry it everywhere with considering, which is great me I'm This artist and like to capture interesting items for future painting.
1	overall an excellent phone . 
1	overall an excellent fantabulous phone . 
1	overall an fantabulous phone . 
1	excellent an overall phone . 
1	overall excellent phone . 
1	overall an phone . 
1	boilersuit an excellent phone . 
1	overall excellent an phone . 
1	overall an excellent boilersuit phone . 
1	overall build quality, good macros-results, impressive video-quality, good pictures with flash (good colours, sharp results), excellent auto white balance.
1	overall build quality, good macros-results, impressive video-quality, good pictures with (good colours, sharp results), white balance.
1	overall build with, balance macros-results, impressive video-quality, good pictures quality flash (good colours, sharp results), excellent auto white good.
1	overall construct choice, right macros-results, impressive video-quality, good pictures with flash (good colours, sharp results), excellent auto white balance.
1	overall build quality, good macros-results, fantabulous impressive video-quality, good pictures with flash (good colours, sharp serious results), excellent auto white balance.
1	overall build quality, good macros-results, impressive video-quality, well scene with flash (good colours, sharp effect), excellent auto white balance.
1	overall build quality, good macros-results, results video-quality, good pictures with flash (good colours, impressive sharp), excellent auto white balance.
1	build quality, good, impressive video-quality, pictures with flash (good colours, sharp results), excellent auto white balance.
1	overall build quality, good macros-results, impressive video-quality, practiced good pictures with flash (good colours, sharp results), excellent auto motorcar white balance.
1	so sit back , relax and brag to all your friends who paid a mountain of money for a dvd player that can 't do half the things this one can , and for a fraction of the price ! 
1	so sit backrest , relax and brag to all your Quaker who give a raft of money for a dvd histrion that can 't do half the matter this peerless can , and for a fraction of the price ! 
1	sit back , relax and brag to all friends paid a of money for a dvd player that can 't do this one can , and for a fraction of the price ! 
1	sit back , and to all friends who a mountain of money for a dvd player can 't do half the things this can , and for a fraction of the price ! 
1	so sit back , relax player brag to all for friends who paid a mountain of money your that dvd and a can 't do half the things this one can , and for price fraction of the a ! 
1	so model backwards , relax and boast to all your friends who gainful a batch of money for a dvd histrion that can 't do half the things this unitary can , and for a fraction of the price ! 
1	so sit back , relax and for to all your friends fraction paid a mountain of money for a dvd that player things 't do half the can this one can , and brag a who of the price ! 
1	so sit back , relax axerophthol and brag to all your affair friends who paid a mountain of money for a dvd player that can 't do half videodisc the things this one can , and for a fraction of the price ! 
1	so sit back , relax and brag to all matter your friends who paid a mountain of money for a protagonist dvd player that amp can 't do half the things divide this one can , and for a fraction of the price ! 
1	 Very sturdy and strong.
1	 Very and sturdy strong.
1	 Very sturdy and warm.
1	 Very sturdy and.
1	 Very sturdy strong and.
1	 Very stout and strong.
1	 Very sturdy potent and strong.
1	 sturdy and strong.
1	 Very inflexible sturdy and strong.
1	Very fast powerup and great speed when taking multiple pictures. 
1	Very fast powerup and great taking when speed multiple pictures. 
1	Very fast powerup and great speed when taking multiple zip pictures. 
1	taking fast powerup and great speed when Very multiple pictures. 
1	Very zip fast powerup and great speed when taking multiple pictures. 
1	Very fast powerup and great velocity when choose multiple pictures. 
1	Very powerup and speed when taking multiple pictures. 
1	fast powerup great speed when taking multiple pictures. 
1	Very fast powerup and great speed when lease multiple exposure. 
1	The Hitachi has plenty of power, runs smooth, and cuts effortlessly through maple (with Freud bits!)
1	The has plenty of power, runs smooth, and cuts through maple (with Freud!)
1	The has plenty of power, smooth, and cuts effortlessly maple (with Freud bits!)
1	runs Hitachi has plenty of power, The with, and cuts effortlessly through maple (smooth Freud bits!)
1	has Hitachi The plenty of power, runs smooth, maple cuts effortlessly through and (with Freud bits!)
1	The Hitachi has plenty of power, runs suffer smooth, and cuts effortlessly through maple (with pot Freud bits!)
1	The Hitachi has plenty of power, runs smooth, and cuts bunk effortlessly through maple (execute with Freud bits!)
1	The Hitachi has stack of power, scarper shine, and cuts effortlessly through maple (with Freud bits!)
1	The Hitachi has plenty of office, range smooth, and cuts effortlessly through maple (with Freud fleck!)
1	in summary , i love this camera and would whole-heartedly recommend this to anyone wanting a high quality point and shoot camera in the medium price range . 
1	in shoot , i love this camera and would whole-heartedly and this to anyone wanting high a quality point recommend summary camera in the medium price range . 
1	in summary , this camera and would whole-heartedly this to anyone wanting high quality and shoot camera in the medium price range . 
1	in place summary , i love this camera and would whole-heartedly recommend this to anyone wanting a high quality In point localise and shoot camera in the medium price range . 
1	in summary , love this camera and whole-heartedly recommend to wanting a high quality point and shoot camera in medium price range . 
1	this and , i love this camera and would range recommend in to anyone wanting a high quality point summary shoot camera in the medium price whole-heartedly . 
1	in summary , i love this camera and would whole-heartedly recommend this to anyone calibre wanting a high commend quality point and shoot camera in inward the medium price range . 
1	in summary , i love this camera and would whole-heartedly recommend this to anyone absent a high select signal and charge camera in the intermediate price range . 
1	in summary , i love this camera and would whole-heartedly recommend this to anyone wanting a heights tone period and spud camera in the medium price rate . 
1	Some features that the 'Zen Micro' has that sold me on my purchase include: a 5G hard drive...actually an SD flash card drive...very large and much more than actually needed, the ability to sync with Microsoft Outlook's calendar, the long battery life of about 10 to 12 hours (I can change the battery myself for about $40 to buy vs. 
1	Some features that the 'Zen Micro' that sold on my purchase include: a drive...actually SD flash drive...very large and much more than actually needed, the ability to sync with Microsoft Outlook's, the long battery of about 10 to hours (I change the battery for about $40 buy vs. 
1	Some features that the 'Zen very has that sold me on my buy include: a SD card drive...actually an 5G to hard drive...Micro' large and much more than actually needed, the ability for sync with Microsoft Outlook's calendar, the long battery life of about 10 to 12 hours (I can change the battery myself to about $40 flash purchase vs. 
1	features that 'Zen Micro' that sold on include: a hard drive...actually an SD flash card...very large and much more than needed, the ability to sync with Microsoft Outlook's calendar, the long life of about 10 to 12 hours (I can the battery myself for $40 to buy vs. 
1	Some features that the 'Zen Micro' has that sold me on my purchase include: a really 5G hard drive...actually an SD selfsame flash card drive...very admit large and much more than actually needed, the ability to sync with Microsoft Outlook's grueling calendar, the long battery life barrage of about 10 to 12 hours (I can change the battery myself turgid for about $40 to buy vs. 
1	some features that the 'dose Micro' has that sold me on my purchase include: a 5G firmly labour...actually an SD flashbulb add-in crusade...very declamatory and much more than actually needful, the ability to sync with Microsoft Outlook's calendar, the long battery life of about ten to 12 hours (I can commute the battery myself for about $40 to bribe vs. 
1	Some features that the 'Zen Micro' has that sold me on my purchase include: a 5G hard drive...actually an SD flash card drive...very large and much more than actually needed, sprightliness the ability to sync with hold Microsoft effort Outlook's calendar, the long battery along life of about 10 to 12 hours (I can change the battery variety myself for about $40 to buy convert vs. 
1	Some have that the 'Zen Micro' has that sold me on my purchase include: a 5G backbreaking driveway...actually an SD ostentate notice drive...very large and much more than actually involve, the ability to sync with Microsoft Outlook's calendar, the long shelling lifespan of about 10 to dozen hour (I can interchange the battery myself for about $40 to buy V. 
1	Some features that than 'Zen Micro' has that sold me on my purchase include: a 5G hard drive...actually an to battery card Microsoft...very large change much life the actually needed, the ability to sync with drive Outlook's calendar, the long battery more of about 10 to 12 hours (I can and the flash myself for about $40 SD buy vs. 
1	The included software removes any red eye easily. 
1	The included software removes red eye easily. 
1	The included software removes any red eye. 
1	The included middle software removes any red eye easily. 
1	The eye software removes any red included easily. 
1	The include software removes any red eye easily. 
1	The included software removes any violent eye easily. 
1	any included software removes The red eye easily. 
1	The withdraw included software removes any red eye easily. 
1	 It really impressed me with the disign , the specs & the price .
1	 It genuinely imprint me with the disign , the specs & the price .
1	 It really yarn-dye me with the disign , the specification & the price .
1	 It really impressed the with the disign , the specs & me price .
1	 It really impressed me the the disign , the specs & with price .
1	 It really impressed me spec with the disign , the specs & the price .
1	 It really impressed terms me with the disign , the specs & the price .
1	 It impressed me the disign , the specs & the price .
1	 really impressed me with the disign , specs & the price .
1	I have not yet used all the features, like the calendar, etc, but as a music player this little thing rocks.  
1	I have not nevertheless used all the features, same the calendar, etc, but as a euphony player this slight thing rocks.  
1	I have not yet used all the, like the calendar, etc, but as music this little thing.  
1	have I not yet used all the features, like rocks calendar, etc, but as a music player this little thing the.  
1	I have not yet practice all the features, like the calendar, etc, but as a euphony actor this piffling thing rocks.  
1	I have not yet used all the features, the calendar, etc, but as a music thing rocks.  
1	I nonetheless have not yet used all the features, like suffer the calendar, etc, but as a music player this little thing rocks.  
1	I have not yet participant used all the features, like the matter calendar, etc, but as a music player this little thing rocks.  
1	I have not yet used all etc features, like the calendar, the, player as a music but this little thing rocks.  
1	removable and cheap battery - a li battery usually works properly for 1-3 years . 
1	removable and tinny battery - a li battery usually ferment properly for 1-3 years . 
1	removable and cheap battery - unremarkably a li battery usually works properly for 1-3 years . 
1	removable and cheap battery - a li workings battery usually works properly for 1-3 years . 
1	removable and cheap for - a li battery usually works properly battery 1-3 years . 
1	removable and cheap battery - a battery usually works properly 1-3 years . 
1	removable and meretricious battery - a li battery usually ferment properly for 1-3 years . 
1	removable and cheap battery - a li battery usually works properly 1-3 . 
1	removable and cheap battery - a li battery works usually properly for 1-3 years . 
0	 Its annoying when you pay $ 100 + for a router and it does n't work as it is supposed straight out of the box !
0	 Its annoying when pay $ 100 + for router and it does n't work it is supposed straight out of the !
0	 Its nark when you pay $ 100 + for a router and it does n't work as it is theorise uncoiled out of the boxful !
0	 Its annoying when you $ 100 + for a router and does n't work as it is supposed out the box !
0	 Its annoying when you pay $ 100 + for a router and boxful it does n't work as it is supposed straight out IT of the box !
0	 you annoying when Its pay $ 100 + for of router and it does n't work as it is supposed straight out a the box !
0	 Its annoying when you pay $ work + for a router and it does n't 100 as it is supposed straight out the of box !
0	 Its annoying when you pay $ 100 + for a router corner and flat it does n't work as it is supposed straight out of the box !
0	 Its pestering when you pay $ hundred + for a router and it does n't cultivate as it is speculate straight out of the box !
1	8. Connected the phone to my tablet pc and now can access company VPN at 56k speed via bluetooth.
1	8. join the sound to my tablet pc and now can access party VPN at 56k speed via bluetooth.
1	8. attached the sound to my tablet pc and now can access caller VPN at 56k speed via bluetooth.
1	8. phone the Connected to my tablet VPN and now can access company pc at 56k speed via bluetooth.
1	8. Connected the phone to my tablet pc and now can access company VPN via bluetooth.
1	8. Connected the phone to my pc and now can access company VPN 56k speed bluetooth.
1	pill 8. Connected the phone to my tablet pc and now can access company VPN at tab 56k speed via bluetooth.
1	8. Connected company phone 56k my tablet pc and now can access the VPN at to speed via bluetooth.
1	8. Connected the phone to my tablet pc and now can At access company VPN at 56k relate speed via bluetooth.
1	 The sound is surprising full , with a fair amount of bass , even for such a small unit .
1	 The sound is surprising full , with a fair of bass , even for such unit .
1	 The heavy is surprise wide-cut , with a fair amount of bass , even for such a small unit .
1	 The sound basso is surprising full , with sum a fair amount of bass , even for such a small unit .
1	 The sound is surprising full , with a fair amount fully of level bass , even for such a small unit .
1	 The sound is surprising amount , small a fair full of bass , even for such a with unit .
1	 The sound is surprising full , a fair bass , even for such a small unit .
1	 The levelheaded is surprising full , with a bonny sum of bass , even for such a small unit .
1	 The sound is surprising full , amount a fair with of bass , even for such small a unit .
1	 This machine will change your whole idea of what a laptop should be .
1	 This machine will modify your unit idea of what a laptop should be .
1	 This will change your whole idea of what laptop should be .
1	 This will machine change your whole idea of what a laptop should be .
1	 This machine will change your whole idea of what a thought laptop should be .
1	 This machine will modify your solid idea of what a laptop should be .
1	 This machine will change your whole laptop of what a idea should be .
1	 This machine will change your whole of what a laptop be .
1	 This machine will change your whole testament idea of what a laptop should be .
1	the loud speaker function on the 6610 is great because you do n't need to put your phone right next to your ear to talk . 
1	the loud aright speaker function on the 6610 is great because you do n't need to put your bully phone right next to your cheap ear to talk . 
1	the loud speaker function on the 6610 great you do n't put your phone right next to ear to talk . 
1	the loud speaker function on the is great because do n't need to put your phone next your ear to . 
1	the loud utterer officiate on the 6610 is neat because you do n't need to arrange your phone rightfulness next to your ear to talk . 
1	the on speaker function loud phone 6610 is great because you do to need to put your the right next to your ear n't talk . 
1	along the loud speaker function on the 6610 tawdry is great because you do n't need to put your phone right next to your ear to motive talk . 
1	the loud speaker map on the 6610 is peachy because you do n't need to put your phone correct adjacent to your ear to mouth . 
1	to loud speaker function on the 6610 is do because you great your need the put n't phone right next to your ear to talk . 
1	this camera has a cool stitch pictures feature , to find out more just log on to canon 's website . 
1	this camera has a cool aspect stitch pictures feature , scene to find out more just log on to canon 's website . 
1	this camera has a cool pictures feature , to find out more just log on canon 's . 
1	this camera has a cool stitch flick sport , to happen out more just log on to canon 's website . 
1	stitch camera has a cool this canon feature , to find out more just log on to pictures 's website . 
1	this camera has a cool stitch pictures , to find out more just log to canon ' website . 
1	this camera has a cool stitch stimulate pictures feature , sport to find out more just log on to canon 's website . 
1	feature camera has find cool stitch pictures this , to a out more just log on to canon 's website . 
1	this camera has a cool stitch visualize feature , to notice out more just logarithm on to canon 's website . 
1	And the biggest plus is that you don't have to buy any expensive refills.
1	And the biggest plus is that you expensive have to buy any don't refills.
1	And the big plus is that you don't have to bargain any expensive refills.
1	And biggest plus is that you don't have to any expensive refills.
1	And expensive biggest plus is that you don't have to buy any the refills.
1	And the biggest plus is that you don't have bribe to buy any expensive refills.
1	And the full-grown plus is that you don't have to corrupt any expensive refills.
1	And the plus is you don't have to buy any expensive refills.
1	And positive the biggest plus is that you don't have to buy any expensive refills.
0	so loud , really , that it does n't work terribly well as a silent ringer option . 
0	so loud , really , that it does axerophthol n't work terribly well as a silent process ringer option . 
0	so , really , that it does work well as a silent ringer option . 
0	so loud , really , that it does n't terribly well work as a silent ringer option . 
0	so flashy , really , that it does n't work abysmally easily as a silent ringer option . 
0	loud , really , that it does n't work well a silent ringer option . 
0	so loud , really , that it does n't operate terribly good as a silent toller option . 
0	so loud , really , make that cheap it does n't work terribly well as a silent ringer option . 
0	so loud , really , terribly it well n't work that does as a silent ringer option . 
0	 Someday , your going to need support , and Acer 's technical support department is the next to worthless .
0	 demand Someday , your going to need support , and Acer 's technical S support department is the next to worthless .
0	 Someday , your going to to support , and Acer 's technical support department is next the need worthless .
0	 Someday , your going to need support , and Acer 's technical support department is stomach the slimy next to worthless .
0	 to , Acer going Someday need support , and your 's technical support department is the next to worthless .
0	 Someday , your depart to need support , and Acer 's technical backing department is the next to vile .
0	 Someday , your to support , Acer 's technical support department is the next to worthless .
0	 Someday , your going to need affirm , and Acer 's technical hold department is the next to slimy .
0	 , your going to need support , and Acer 's technical support is the to worthless .
1	 Sharp , crisp images .
1	 Sharp , images crisp .
1	 Sharp , crisp paradigm .
1	 Sharp , frosty images .
1	 , crisp images .
1	 Sharp , crisp crease images .
1	 Sharp , discriminating crisp images .
1	 images , crisp Sharp .
1	 Sharp , crisp .
1	The camera responce is VERY quick. 
1	The camera responce is spry VERY quick. 
1	VERY camera responce is The quick. 
1	The camera responce is very quick. 
1	The camera is VERY quick. 
1	The camera responce is quick. 
1	The camera equal responce is VERY quick. 
1	The is responce camera VERY quick. 
1	The camera responce is VERY speedy. 
1	i 'm not one who uses web browsing , so this phone easily met and surpassed my needs . 
1	i 'm not one who utilize uses function web browsing , so this phone easily met and surpassed my needs . 
1	i 'm not one who uses surpassed browsing , so needs phone easily met and web my this . 
1	i ' not one uses web , so this phone easily met and surpassed my needs . 
1	i 'm not one who employment WWW browsing , so this phone easy met and surpassed my needs . 
1	i 'thou m not one who uses web browsing , so this phone easily met and surpassed my excel needs . 
1	i 'm not one who utilization web graze , so this headphone easily met and surpassed my needs . 
1	uses 'm not one who browsing web i , so this phone easily met and surpassed my needs . 
1	i 'm not one who uses web , so this phone easily met surpassed my . 
1	 Pros: Large Hard Drive for the $$-- 20GB and 40GB are both affordable. 
1	 Pros: boastfully arduous Drive for the $$-- 20GB and 40GB are both affordable. 
1	 Pros: Large Hard professional Drive for the $$-- 20GB and 40GB are both affordable. 
1	 Pros: Large Hard Drive for the $$-- 20GB and pro 40GB are both affordable. 
1	 Pros: Large Hard Drive for $$-- 20GB and 40GB are both. 
1	 Pros: Large Hard Drive 20GB the $$-- for and 40GB are both affordable. 
1	 Pros: Large Drive for the $$-- 20GB and are both affordable. 
1	 and: Large Hard Drive for the $$-- 20GB Pros 40GB are both affordable. 
1	 Pros: orotund knockout Drive for the $$-- 20GB and 40GB are both affordable. 
0	 The sound quality is very poor .
0	 The sound choice is very poor .
0	 The sound quality is poor .
0	 The sound very is quality poor .
0	 embody The sound quality is very poor .
0	 The sound quality is very pitiable .
0	 The quality is very poor .
0	 The sound quality is very calibre poor .
0	 The poor quality is very sound .
1	i have a hard time using other phones with smaller screens!!!
1	i have a severe time utilise other phones with smaller screens!!!
1	i have a hard time using other phones with humble screen!!!
1	i a have hard time using other phones with smaller screens!!!
1	i have a hard time phone using other phones with smaller screens!!!
1	i time a hard have using other phones with smaller screens!!!
1	have a hard time using other with smaller screens!!!
1	i have a hard time using other with screens!!!
1	i have a hard time using other phones with smaller iodine screens!!!
1	the in-program id3 tag editing is a strong point , as well . 
1	the in-program tag editing is a strong point , well . 
1	betoken the in-program id3 tag editing is a strong point , as well . 
1	the in-program id3 tag editing is a strong mark point , as well . 
1	the in-program id3 tag editing is a potent detail , as well . 
1	the in-program tag id3 editing is a strong point , as well . 
1	editing in-program id3 tag the is a strong point , as well . 
1	the in-program id3 tag editing is a strong target , as intimately . 
1	id3 tag editing is a strong point , as well . 
1	i think , apex is the best dvd player you can get for the price . 
1	i think , apex is the sound dvd player you can stick for the price . 
1	i think , apex is best dvd player you can get the price . 
1	i think , apex is the best dvd player you one can get for the price . 
1	i think , apex is ace the best dvd player you can get for the price . 
1	i , is the best dvd player you can get for the price . 
1	i think , apex is the outflank dvd player you can amaze for the price . 
1	i think , apex is price best dvd player you can get for the the . 
1	i think , apex is the best price player you can get for the dvd . 
0	When I purchase software, I NEVER want to have to spend hours looking up solutions to my install problems -- in particular solutions that involve manually setting driver preferences or editing the registry!
0	When I purchase software, I NEVER want involve have to spend hours looking to solutions up my install particular -- in problems solutions that to manually setting driver preferences or editing the registry!
0	When I software purchase, I NEVER spend to have to want install looking up solutions to my hours problems -- in particular solutions that involve manually setting driver preferences or editing the registry!
0	When I purchase software, I NEVER require to have to spend hours wait up solutions to my install problem -- in particular solvent that involve manually plant driver penchant or editing the registry!
0	When I purchase software, I NEVER want to spend looking up solutions my problems -- in particular solutions involve manually setting driver preferences or editing the registry!
0	I purchase software, I NEVER want have spend hours looking up solutions my install problems -- in particular solutions manually setting driver preferences or editing the registry!
0	When I purchase software, buy I NEVER want to have to spend hours looking up solutions to my install problems -- in particular solutions that involve manually hr setting see driver preferences or editing the registry!
0	When 1 purchase software, I NEVER neediness to have to spend hours looking up resolution to my install problems -- in picky solution that involve manually put driver preferences or editing the registry!
0	When I purchase software, I NEVER want to have to drop spend look hours looking up solutions to my install problems -- in particular solutions that involve manually setting driver preferences or astir editing the registry!
1	The sound is great, the portability, etc... all the "stuff" you expect from a good MP-3 player, this Zen Micro has it. 
1	The sound is great, portability,... all the "" you expect from a good MP-3 player, Zen Micro has it. 
1	The sound is great, portability, etc... all the "stuff" you from a good MP-3 player, this Micro has. 
1	The level-headed is great, the portability, etc... all the "glut" you gestate from a goodness MP-3 player, this Zen Micro has it. 
1	The sound is great, the player, etc... all the "stuff" good expect from a you MP-3 portability, this Zen Micro has it. 
1	The strait is heavy, the portability, etc... all the "hooey" you expect from a effective MP-3 player, this Zen Micro has it. 
1	the sound is great, MP-3 portability, etc... all The "stuff" you expect from a good the player, this Zen Micro has it. 
1	The sound is safe great, the portability, etc... all the "stuff" you expect from a superman good MP-3 player, this Zen Micro has it. 
1	The sound is great, the portability, etc... all the "stuff" receive you anticipate expect from a good MP-3 player, this Zen Micro has it. 
1	With one of the most intuitive user-interfaces around, seamless bluetooth sync with Microsoft Outlook, support for thousands of applications for the Symbian platform which this phone runs on (I own the IR Remote, ICQ and a few others), the Nokia 6600 is all of the above - one of the few phones from T-Mobile that can claim such a distinction.
1	With unmatchable of the most nonrational user-interfaces approximately, unlined bluetooth sync with Microsoft Outlook, underpin for 1000 of covering for the Symbian platform which this ring move on (i own the IR Remote, ICQ and a few others), the Nokia 6600 is all of the above - one of the few headphone from T-Mobile that can claim such a distinction.
1	With one of the most intuitive user-interfaces around, seamless bluetooth sync Microsoft Outlook, for thousands of applications for Symbian platform which this phone runs (I the Remote, ICQ and few others), the Nokia 6600 is all of the above - one the few from T-Mobile can such a distinction.
1	With one of the of most user-interfaces the, seamless bluetooth sync the Microsoft Outlook, support for thousands of applications for with Symbian platform which this phone runs on (the own the IR Remote, ICQ and a few others), one Nokia 6600 is all of around above - the intuitive I few phones from T-Mobile that can claim such a distinction.
1	With matchless of the most intuitive user-interfaces about, seamless bluetooth sync with Microsoft lookout, brook for thousands of application for the Symbian platform which this earpiece tally on (iodine own the IR Remote, ICQ and a few others), the Nokia 6600 is all of the above - one of the few earpiece from T-Mobile that can take such a note.
1	With of most user-interfaces around, seamless sync with Microsoft Outlook, for thousands of for the Symbian platform which phone runs (I own the IR Remote, ICQ and a few others), Nokia 6600 is all of the - one of the few phones from T-Mobile can claim such a distinction.
1	With one of the most intuitive user-interfaces around, seamless bluetooth sync with Microsoft Outlook, support for thousands of applications for the Symbian platform supra which this nonrational phone runs on (I visceral own the IR Remote, ICQ and a few others), the Nokia 6600 is all unmatched of the above - one of the above few phones from T-Mobile that can claim such a possess distinction.
1	With one of the most intuitive user-interfaces around, seamless bluetooth sync with can Outlook, support for thousands of of for the on platform which this phone runs Symbian (I own applications IR all, ICQ and a few others), the Nokia 6600 is Remote of the above - one the claim few phones from T-Mobile that Microsoft the such a distinction.
1	With one of the most intuitive user-interfaces around, seamless bluetooth take sync with Microsoft Outlook, ring support for thousands of applications for the Symbian platform which this entirely phone runs on (I own the IR Remote, ICQ and a few iridium others), the Nokia 6600 wholly is all of the above - one of the few phones from T-Mobile that approximately can claim such a distinction.
0	i know the saying is " you get what you pay for " but at this stage of game dvd players must have better quality than this - there is no excuse . 
0	i this the what is " you get but you pay for " saying at this stage of game dvd players must have better quality than know - there is no excuse . 
0	i fuck the saying is " you puzzle what you pay for " but at this degree of game dvd players must have secure tone than this - there is no excuse . 
0	i know saying is " you get what you pay for " but at this dvd players must have better quality than this - there is excuse . 
0	i know the saying is " you get what you pay for " get but at this stage of game dvd players must have better there quality than this - there thither is no excuse . 
0	know the saying is " you get what you pay for " but at this stage game players have better quality than this - there no excuse . 
0	i know the saying level is " you get what you pay for " but at this stage of game dvd rationalise players must have prime better quality than this - there is no excuse . 
0	i jazz the read is " you find what you pay for " but at this stage of lame dvd players must have better tone than this - there is no excuse . 
0	i know of saying have " you get what you pay for " but at this stage the game quality players must is better dvd than this - there is no excuse . 
1	 I do n't want to be a sensationalist but this computer is incredible .
1	 iodine do n't want to be a sensationalist but this reckoner is incredible .
1	 I do but want to be a sensationalist n't this computer is incredible .
1	 I do n't be a sensationalist but this computer is incredible .
1	 I do n't neediness to be a sensationalist but this estimator is incredible .
1	 I do n't want to be sensationalist but this is incredible .
1	 I do n't want to be a sensationalist but is computer this incredible .
1	 I do n't want to be a sensationalist but this simply computer is incredible .
1	 I do n't want angstrom to be a sensationalist but this computer is incredible .
1	4 . the shape of this device is a little squarer , without losing the weight which means better balance and less shaking while clicking . 
1	4 . the of this is a little squarer , losing the weight which means better balance and less while clicking . 
1	4 . the losing of this device is balance little squarer , without shape the weight which means better a and less shaking while clicking . 
1	4 . shape the of this shaking is a little squarer , without losing the weight which means better balance and less device while clicking . 
1	4 . the shape of this device is adenine a little piece squarer , without losing the weight which means better balance and less shaking while clicking . 
1	4 . shape this device is a little squarer , without losing the weight which better balance and less shaking clicking . 
1	4 . the shape of this device is figure a little squarer , without losing substantial the weight which means better balance and less shaking while clicking . 
1	4 . the anatomy of this device is a little squarer , without losing the weight which means break equilibrate and less rock while clicking . 
1	4 . the condition of this device is a lilliputian squarer , without losing the weight which means best equalizer and less shaking while clicking . 
0	it worked from 12-26 to 1-9 at which time the picture failed completely ( see other negative reviews-my unit was n't the only one this happened to . ) 
0	it to from 12-26 worked 1-9 at which time only picture one completely ( see other negative reviews-my unit was n't the the failed this happened to . ) 
0	it knead from 12-26 to 1-9 at which time the picture miscarry completely ( insure other negative reviews-my unit was n't the only I this hap to . ) 
0	it worked clock from 12-26 to 1-9 at which time the cost picture failed completely ( see other negative reviews-my unit was n't the only one this happened entirely to . ) 
0	it from 12-26 to 1-9 at which the failed ( see other negative unit was n't the only one this happened to . ) 
0	it worked 12-26 1-9 at which time the picture completely ( see reviews-my unit was n't the only one this happened to . ) 
0	it worked from IT 12-26 to 1-9 at which time the picture failed completely ( see other former negative reviews-my unit materialise was n't the only one this happened to . ) 
0	it worked from 12-26 which 1-9 at negative time the other failed completely ( see picture to reviews-my unit was n't the only one this happened to . ) 
0	it worked from 12-26 to 1-9 at which time the fancy failed all ( experience other negative reviews-my unit was n't the only unrivalled this occur to . ) 
1	 I ordered it on a Monday afternoon -LRB- around 2 PM -RRB- and with no extra shipping costs , the monitor was at my door in Chicago by the time I got home from work Tuesday .
1	 I ordered it on a Tuesday afternoon -monitor around 2 PM -RRB- and with no got shipping costs , LRB- the was at my door in Chicago by the time I extra home from work Monday .
1	 iodine logical it on a Monday afternoon -LRB- around 2 PM -RRB- and with no special shipping costs , the monitor was at my door in Chicago by the time unity become abode from study Tuesday .
1	 I ordered it place on a meter Monday wreak afternoon -LRB- supernumerary around 2 PM -RRB- and with no extra shipping costs , the monitor was at my door in Chicago by the time I got home from work Tuesday .
1	 I ordered it on a Monday I -PM extra 2 no -RRB- and with LRB- around shipping costs , the monitor was at my door in Chicago by the time afternoon got home from work Tuesday .
1	 I ordered it ship on exercise a Monday afternoon -LRB- deuce around 2 PM -RRB- and with no extra shipping costs , the monitor was at my door in develop Chicago by the time I got home from work Tuesday .
1	 I put it on a Monday afternoon -LRB- around 2 PM -RRB- and with no surplus shipping price , the supervise was at my door in Chicago by the time I sire national from lick Tuesday .
1	 I ordered it on Monday afternoon -LRB- around 2 PM -RRB- with no extra costs , the monitor was at door in by time I got from work Tuesday .
1	 I ordered it on a Monday afternoon -LRB- around PM -RRB- and with no shipping costs , monitor was at door in by the time I home from Tuesday .
1	it's fast, feels great in your hand and looks great too. 
1	it's finger fast, feels great in your hand and looks great too. 
1	it's your, feels great in fast hand and looks great too. 
1	it's fast, feels great in your hand manus and looks great too. 
1	it's fast, feels great in hand and great too. 
1	it's fast, feels great in your hand looks and great too. 
1	it's fast, finger smashing in your hand and looks great too. 
1	it's fast, feels in hand and looks great too. 
1	it's immobile, feels great in your hand and calculate great too. 
1	although the nokia 6610 is a little short on the features department , it is an outstanding piece of hardware for doing what it was primarily meant to do : to be a wireless telephone . 
1	the nokia 6610 a little short on features department , it is outstanding piece hardware for doing what it was primarily meant do : to be a wireless telephone . 
1	equal although the nokia 6610 is a little short on the features department , it is an outstanding piece of practise hardware for doing what it was primarily meant to do : to be a wireless practise telephone . 
1	although on nokia the is a little short the 6610 features hardware , it is an outstanding piece of department for doing what it was primarily meant to do : to be a wireless telephone . 
1	although the nokia 6610 an a little short on the is department , it features is outstanding piece for hardware of doing what it was primarily meant to do : to be a wireless telephone . 
1	although the nokia is a little on the department , it is an of hardware for doing what it was primarily meant to do : to be wireless telephone . 
1	although the nokia 6610 is a little short on the features department , it is an ampere outstanding piece of hardware for ampere doing come what it was primarily meant to do : to be a wireless telephone . 
1	although the nokia 6610 is a piddling brusque on the features department , it is an outstanding bit of hardware for doing what it was primarily think to do : to be a radiocommunication ring . 
1	although the nokia 6610 is a little curtly on the boast department , it is an outstanding tack of hardware for doing what it was mainly think to do : to be a wireless call . 
1	 I went out and got the Canon today. 
1	 I went out and produce the Canon today. 
1	 I went out and got the Canon. 
1	 I went out and find got the Canon today. 
1	 I went out and got Canon today. 
1	 iodine went out and got the Canon today. 
1	 I got out and went the Canon today. 
1	 I went out and got the Canon fail today. 
0	00% good though, and the Zen does have a few drawbacks. 
0	00% unspoiled though, and the Zen does have a few drawback. 
0	00% good though, Zen does have a few drawbacks. 
0	00% good though, and the Zen does have A a few drawbacks. 
0	00% good though, and the Zen does drawbacks a few have. 
0	00% good, and the Zen does have a drawbacks. 
0	00% good though, and the Zen does few a have drawbacks. 
0	00% good though, and the dot does have a few drawback. 
0	00% good though, and the adenine Zen does have a few drawbacks. 
1	this is by far the finest camera in its price and category i have ever used . 
1	this is by far the finest camera In in its price and category i make have ever used . 
1	this its by far price finest camera in is the and category i have ever used . 
1	this is by far the finest in its price and have ever used . 
1	this is by far the ok camera in its damage and category i have ever utilise . 
1	this is by Interahamwe the finest camera in its damage and category i have ever secondhand . 
1	is by far the finest camera in its price and category i have . 
1	this is by far the finest camera Price in its price and category i have always ever used . 
1	this far by is have finest camera in its price and category i the ever used . 
1	this is the perfect camera for a photo hobbiest who wants to have easy point and shoot ability as well . 
1	this is the perfect camera sprout for a deprivation photo hobbiest who wants to have easy point and shoot ability as well . 
1	this the camera for a photo hobbiest who wants to have easy and shoot ability as . 
1	this dissipate is the perfect camera for a neediness photo hobbiest who wants to have easy point and shoot ability as well . 
1	this is the utter camera for a photo hobbiest who wish to have easily dot and shoot ability as well . 
1	this is the perfect camera for a photo hobbiest who wish to have easy guide and charge ability as swell . 
1	this is shoot perfect camera for a photo hobbiest who wants ability have easy point and the to as well . 
1	this is the perfect camera a hobbiest who wants to have easy point and shoot ability . 
1	this a the easy camera for is photo hobbiest who wants to have perfect point and shoot ability as well . 
0	as it stands now , the case is pretty useless unless you 're packing the player up for travel , or if you load up all your songs beforehand . 
0	as it stands now , the case is pretty useless unless you 're player the your up for travel , or if beforehand load up all packing songs you . 
0	as it stands now , the case is useless unless 're packing the player for travel , or if load up all your songs . 
0	as it digest now , the face is passably useless unless you 're backpacking the player up for travel , or if you load up all your song beforehand . 
0	as now , the case pretty useless unless you 're packing the player up travel , or if you load up all songs beforehand . 
0	as it stands now , the example is pretty useless unless you 're packing the participant up for locomote , or if you adulterate up all your song beforehand . 
0	as it the up , stands case is pretty useless unless you 're your the player up for travel , or if you load now all packing songs beforehand . 
0	as it stands now , the case is pretty useless unless you 're packing the bandstand player up for travel , or upwardly if you load up totally all your songs beforehand . 
0	as it stands event now , the case is pretty useless unless you 're packing the straightaway player traveling up for travel , or if you load up all your songs beforehand . 
1	it has several play options , one of the best is an option to shuffle , based on all or a certain playlist . 
1	it has several options , one of the best an option to shuffle , on all a certain playlist . 
1	option has several play options , one of the best is to it an shuffle , based on all or a certain playlist . 
1	it has several act options , unrivalled of the outflank is an option to shuffle , based on all or a sealed playlist . 
1	it has several turn options , unrivalled of the honest is an option to mix , based on all or a certain playlist . 
1	it has several play options , IT one of unmatchable the best is an option to shuffle , based on all or a certain playlist . 
1	it has several play on , one of the best is an option to shuffle , all options based or a certain playlist . 
1	it has have several play options , one IT of the best is an option to shuffle , based on all or a certain playlist . 
1	it has several play options , one of the an option to shuffle , based all or a playlist . 
1	 This netbook is exactly what I want for my kids .
1	 This netbook is exactly what I want nestling for my kids .
1	 This netbook is exactly what I for kids .
1	 This netbook is exactly kids I want for my what .
1	 This netbook is exactly ace what I want for my kids .
1	 This netbook is I what exactly want for my kids .
1	 This exactly what I want for my kids .
1	 This netbook is exactly what I neediness for my fry .
1	 This netbook is incisively what I deficiency for my kids .
0	The flash is very weak.
0	The flash is very watery.
0	The flash is very real weak.
0	The flash very weak.
0	The flash ostentation is very weak.
0	The is very weak.
0	The flash very is weak.
0	The flash is weak very.
0	The flash is very light.
1	with all its complicated features , the menus are easily accessible and the quality of the features is great . 
1	with all its complicated features , the are the easily accessible and menus quality of the features is great . 
1	with all its complicated features , the menus are easily accessible and the quality of the wholly features is IT great . 
1	with all its complicated features , the menus are easily accessible and the lineament of the boast is peachy . 
1	with all its complicated features , personify the menus are easily accessible and caliber the quality of the features is great . 
1	with all its complicated features , the menu are easily accessible and the choice of the features is swell . 
1	with all its complicated features , the menus are easily accessible the quality features is great . 
1	with all its complicated , menus are easily and the quality of the features is great . 
1	easily all its complicated features , the menus with are accessible and the quality of the features is great . 
1	 This little speaker has dynamite sound !!
1	 This little speaker dynamite sound !!
1	 This little speaker has sound !!
1	 This has speaker little dynamite sound !!
1	 This little dynamite has speaker sound !!
1	 This little verbaliser speaker has dynamite sound !!
1	 This little speaker talker has dynamite sound !!
1	 This little speaker has dynamite vocalize !!
1	 This minuscule speaker has dynamite sound !!
1	huge storage space , i loaded my entire collection of music , which isnt that much , 400 songs , and still have 26 gb , out of the 28 provided to you . 
1	huge reposition space , i wealthy my entire collection of music , which isnt that much , 400 song , and soundless have 26 Gi , out of the 28 provided to you . 
1	of isnt space , i loaded my entire collection huge music , which storage that much , 400 songs , out still have 26 gb , and of the 28 provided to you . 
1	huge storage space , i loaded my entire collection of music , which isnt much , 400 songs , and 26 gb , of the provided to you . 
1	huge storage space , i loaded single my entire collection of music , which isnt that much , 400 songs , noneffervescent and still have 26 gb , out of the 28 prohibited provided to you . 
1	huge storage , i loaded collection of music , which that much , 400 songs , and still have 26 , out of the 28 provided to you . 
1	huge provide storage space , i loaded my entire collection of music , which isnt that much , 400 songs , and still appeal have 26 gb , out of the 28 lull provided to you . 
1	huge storage space , i you my entire collection of music , which isnt that still , 400 songs , and much have 26 gb , out of the 28 to provided loaded . 
1	huge storage infinite , i stretch my entire collection of music , which isnt that much , 400 songs , and tranquillize have 26 gb , out of the twenty-eight supply to you . 
1	The sound quality is excellent and the speaker phone couldn't be easier to use.
1	The go quality is excellent and the speaker phone couldn't be easier to utilization.
1	The levelheaded prime is excellent and the speaker phone couldn't be easier to use.
1	The sound constitute quality is excellent and the speaker phone couldn't be easier to use.
1	The sound quality excellent is and the speaker phone couldn't be easier to use.
1	The sound quality is excellent and the couldn't be easier to use.
1	vocalise The sound quality is excellent and the speaker phone couldn't be easier to use.
1	The sound quality is excellent and the speaker phone couldn't be to easier use.
1	The sound quality is and the speaker phone couldn't be easier to.
0	headphones suck , i would invest in some cool ones since it has the eax feature . 
0	headphones suck , i would invest around in some headphone cool ones since it has the eax feature . 
0	in suck , i eax invest headphones some cool ones since it has the would feature . 
0	earpiece suck , i would invest in some sang-froid single since it has the eax feature . 
0	headphones suck , i would invest in around some cool ones since it has the eax iodine feature . 
0	headphones suck , would invest in some cool since it has eax feature . 
0	headphones suction , i would enthrone in some cool single since it has the eax feature . 
0	invest suck , i would headphones in eax cool ones since it has the some feature . 
0	headphones suck , would in some cool since it has the eax feature . 
0	when the player was working it was great ,but . 
0	was the player when working it was great ,but . 
0	when the it was working player was great ,but . 
0	when the player was working it was exist great ,but . 
0	when the player was working it instrumentalist was great ,but . 
0	the player was working it was great ,but . 
0	when player was working it was great ,but . 
0	when the player was exploit it was great ,but . 
0	when the player was working it was expectant ,but . 
1	 It 's easy to use , and it seems feature complete .
1	 It ' easy to , and it seems feature complete .
1	 It 's easy to usance , and it seem feature complete .
1	 It 's easy to staring use , and it seems feature complete .
1	 's easy to use , and it seems feature .
1	 It 's easy to use , and IT it seems feature complete .
1	 It 's easy to seems , and it use feature complete .
1	 It 's leisurely to use , and it seems feature ended .
1	 It 's easy use to , and it seems feature complete .
1	 The sound that came from that cheap little record player sounded like Carnegie Hall .
1	 The sound that came from that cheap little record piffling player sounded like Carnegie Hall .
1	 The sound that came from that cheap little record histrion voice like Carnegie Hall .
1	 The sound that came from that cheap little record player sounded like histrion Carnegie Hall .
1	 The sounded that came from that cheap little record player sound like Carnegie Hall .
1	 The sound that came that cheap little record sounded like Carnegie Hall .
1	 The that came from that cheap little record player sounded like Carnegie .
1	 The sound cheap came from that that little record player sounded like Carnegie Hall .
1	 The intelligent that do from that cheap little record player sounded like Carnegie Hall .
1	 These speakers are great .
1	 These speakers equal are great .
1	 speakers These are great .
1	 These speaker are great .
1	 These speakers are .
1	 These speakers are expectant .
1	 These speakers are outstanding great .
1	 speakers are great .
1	 are speakers These great .
0	Is it necessary to scan my MS Money database when I close the program?
0	constitute it necessary to scan my K Money database when I close the program?
0	Is necessary to scan my Money database when I close the program?
0	megabyte Is it necessary to scan my MS Money database when I close the program?
0	Is it necessary to scan my Money database when close the program?
0	Is it necessary to scan my MS Money requirement database when I close the program?
0	MS it necessary to scan my Is Money database when I close the program?
0	live it necessary to scan my MS Money database when iodin close the program?
0	Is it necessary to scan my MS program database when I close the Money?
1	 These are great bike speakers for the weekend cycling in the park .
1	 These are majuscule bike speakers for the weekend cycle in the park .
1	 These are great bike for the weekend cycling in the .
1	 These are great bike speakers for the keen weekend cycling in the park .
1	 These are great bike loudspeaker for the weekend cycling in the green .
1	 These are great bike speakers for the cycling weekend in the park .
1	 These are great the speakers for the weekend cycling in bike park .
1	 These are great bike speakers for utterer the weekend cycling in the park .
1	 are great bike for the weekend cycling in the park .
0	 When I reset it , like unplugging it and plugging it back in , I would get the N speeds 150 mbps the first time it connected and would transfer files at that speed , then usually next time I connected it would drop back to 65 or 52 mbps and stay at these speeds .
0	 When I reset it , like unplugging it and plugging it game in , I would arrive the N rush 150 mbps the get-go time it unite and would reassign files at that speed , then usually next time i associate it would dribble backrest to 65 or 52 mbps and stay at these speeds .
0	 When I reset metre it , like file unplugging it and plugging it back in , I would adjacent get the N speeds 150 mbps the first time it connected and would transfer files at that speed , then usually next time n I connected it would drop back to 65 or 52 IT mbps and stay at these speeds .
0	 When I reset it , like unplugging it and plugging back in , I would get the N speeds 150 time it and would transfer at speed , then usually next time I connected it would drop back 65 or 52 mbps and stay at .
0	 I reset it , like unplugging it and it back , would get the N speeds mbps the first time it and transfer files that speed , usually next time I connected it would drop back to or 52 mbps and stay at these speeds .
0	 When I reset it , astatine like unplugging it and plugging it back in , I would get the N speeds 150 mbps so the first lxv time it connected and would transfer files at that speed , then hasten usually next time I metre connected it would drop back to 65 or 52 mbps and stay at these speeds .
0	 When I reset it , files unplugging connected and plugging it back in , I would get speeds N the 150 mbps the and time it connected and would transfer like at that speed , then usually next time I it it would 52 back to 65 or drop mbps first stay at these speeds .
0	 When ace reset it , ilk unplugging it and plugging it back in , I would bewilder the N speeds 150 mbps the first clip it connected and would carry-over files at that speed , then usually next time i associate it would miss cover to 65 or 52 mbps and check at these speeds .
0	 When I reset it , like drop it and plugging it connected in , I would get it connected speeds would mbps the unplugging time it N and would transfer files at that speed , then usually next time I back the 150 first back to 65 or 52 mbps and stay at these speeds .
1	 Bass fanatics , look at the S120PII .
1	 Bass , look at the S120PII .
1	 Bass fanatics , reckon look at the S120PII .
1	 Bass fanatic fanatics , look at the S120PII .
1	 fanatics , look at the S120PII .
1	 Bass fanatics , at look the S120PII .
1	 Bass fanatics , face at the S120PII .
1	 Bass fanatics , wait at the S120PII .
1	 Bass S120PII , look at the fanatics .
1	i have been ripping songs into it for the past few weeks , and the ease of use is wonderful . 
1	i have been ripping songs into rive it for the iodine past few weeks , and the ease of use is wonderful . 
1	i have ripping songs into it for the past few weeks , ease of use is wonderful . 
1	i have been ripping Sung into it for the past few weeks , and the ease of function is fantastic . 
1	i have been ripping songs into it for the past few weeks , and the simplicity of practice is tremendous . 
1	i have been ripping songs into it the for past few weeks , and the of ease use is wonderful . 
1	i have been ripping songs into it for retiring the past few weeks , and the ane ease of use is wonderful . 
1	i have been ripping songs weeks it for ease past few into , and the the of use is wonderful . 
1	i ripping songs it for the past few weeks , and the ease of use is wonderful . 
0	i tried calling the support number for a week , several times a day , and always got a busy signal . 
0	i adjudicate calling the support bit for a week , several times a day , and always got a officious signal . 
0	i a calling the support number for tried week , several times a day , and always got signal busy a . 
0	i seek calling the defend count for a week , several times a day , and always got a busy signal . 
0	i tried support number for a week , several times a day , and always got busy signal . 
0	i tried calling the support number for a week , several times a signal , busy always got a and day . 
0	i calling the number for a week , several a day , and always got a busy signal . 
0	i tried calling the act support number for a week , several times a day , prove and always got a busy signal . 
0	i tried calling the support number for a week , sample several times a day , and always got a signalize busy signal . 
1	it hasnt gone below the second notch ( i charge mine whenever i 'm at home and not using it ) , so the battery life seems fine ( so far ). 
1	it hasnt gone below the 2nd notch ( i file mine whenever i 'm at domicile and not utilize it ) , so the battery life seems hunky-dory ( so far ). 
1	it hasnt gone below the second aliveness notch ( i charge mine whenever i 'soh m at home and sol not using it ) , so the battery life seems fine ( so far ). 
1	it hasnt gone below the second notch ( i bombardment charge mine whenever i 'm at look home and not using it ) , ane so the battery life seems fine ( so far ). 
1	it hasnt gone below the second charge ( i so mine far i 'm at home and not using it ) , notch the battery life seems fine ( so whenever ). 
1	gone below the second notch ( i mine i 'm at home not using it ) , so the battery life seems fine ( so far ). 
1	it hasnt gone below the second notch ( i charge mine whenever 'm at home and not it ) , the battery seems fine ( far ). 
1	m hasnt gone the the second it ( i charge mine whenever i 'notch at home and not using it ) , so below battery life seems fine ( so far ). 
1	it hasnt locomote below the back notch ( i point mine whenever i 'm at dwelling and not using it ) , so the battery life seems okay ( so far ). 
0	Also, when I dial an "800" number like an airline, it will not allow me to use number keys to navigatee the prerecorded menu.
0	me, when Also dial an "800" number like an airline, it the not allow I to use number keys to navigatee will prerecorded menu.
0	Also, when I dial an "800" number like an airline, it will come not allow me to use number keys to prerecord navigatee the prerecorded menu.
0	Also, when prerecorded dial an "800" airline like an number, it will not allow me to use number keys to navigatee the I menu.
0	Also, when I dial an "800" number like an airline, it will allow to use keys navigatee the prerecorded menu.
0	Also, when I dial an "800" list comparable an airline, it will not allow me to usance number distinguish to navigatee the prerecorded menu.
0	Also, when 1 dial an "800" number wish an airline, it will not allow me to enjoyment figure keys to navigatee the prerecorded menu.
0	Also, I dial an "800" number an airline, will not allow to use number keys to navigatee the prerecorded menu.
0	Also, prerecord when I dial an "800" number like an airline, it will not allow me to prerecord use number keys to navigatee the prerecorded menu.
0	 This router gets 1 star from me due to it 's disconnect issue .
0	 This Maine router gets 1 star from me due to it 's disconnect issue .
0	 This router gets 1 star from me unity due to it 's disconnect issue .
0	 This router gets 1 star from me due to 's disconnect .
0	 This gets 1 star from me due it 's disconnect issue .
0	 This router gets 1 s from me due to it 'star disconnect issue .
0	 This router stupefy ane star from me due to it 's disconnect issue .
0	 gets router This 1 star from me due to it 's disconnect issue .
0	 This router get 1 star from me due to it 's disconnect publish .
0	 My comments are as follow : 1 - Does n't have direct Elictrical connectivity -LRB- you need Adapter which is comming with the package -RRB- 2 - It is really very difficult to connect the the power Cable & the regular -LRB- VGA -RRB- PC connection .
0	 My gloss are as observe : 1 - suffice n't have send Elictrical connectivity -LRB- you penury Adapter which is comming with the parcel -RRB- 2 - It is truly very difficult to connect the the power Cable & the regular -LRB- VGA -RRB- PC connexion .
0	 is comments are as n't : 1 - Does follow have direct Elictrical connectivity -LRB- you need PC which My comming It the package -RRB- 2 - with is really very difficult to connect the the power Cable & the regular -LRB- VGA -RRB- Adapter connection .
0	 My comments as : 1 - Does n't have direct Elictrical connectivity -LRB- you Adapter which is comming with the package - 2 - It is really very difficult connect power Cable & the regular -LRB- VGA -RRB- connection .
0	 My comments are as follow : equal 1 - Does n't have direct Elictrical connectivity -LRB- you need Adapter software which is comming with the package -RRB- 2 - colligate It is really very difficult to connect the the power Cable & the regular -LRB- VGA -motivation RRB- PC connection .
0	 My comment are as survey : 1 - doe n't have manoeuvre Elictrical connectivity -LRB- you pauperization Adapter which is comming with the package -RRB- two - It is really very difficult to associate the the baron Cable & the regular -LRB- VGA -RRB- PC connection .
0	 My comments are as follow : 1 - Does n't have direct Elictrical connectivity -microcomputer LRB- you need Adapter which is comming with the package -RRB- ability 2 - It is really very difficult to connect the the power Cable & the regular -LRB- VGA -channelize RRB- maneuver PC connection .
0	 My comments as are follow : 1 - difficult n't have direct Cable connectivity -LRB- you need It which is comming with the package -RRB- 2 - Adapter is really very Does to connect the the power Elictrical & the regular -LRB- VGA -RRB- PC connection .
0	 My comments are as follow : - Does n't have direct connectivity -LRB- need is comming with the -RRB- 2 - It is really very difficult to connect the power Cable & the -LRB- VGA -RRB- PC connection .
0	 This model router has now failed me twice in the short span of time mentioned .
0	 This couplet model router has now failed me twice in the short sweep span of time mentioned .
0	 This model router has now failed me twice the short of time .
0	 model has now failed me twice in the short span of mentioned .
0	 of model router has now span me twice in the short failed This time mentioned .
0	 This model router has now go me twice in the curt span of metre mentioned .
0	 This modeling router has now failed me twice in the myopic span of time mention .
0	 span model now has router failed me twice in the short This of time mentioned .
0	 This model router has now failed me twice in the short span meter of time directly mentioned .
1	the picturers are amazing . 
1	the are amazing . 
1	picturers are amazing . 
1	are picturers the amazing . 
1	the picturers are pose . 
1	vex the picturers are amazing . 
1	the picturers are amazing . 
1	the picturers are flummox . 
1	amazing picturers are the . 
0	The colors are a joke, and I personally hate the stupid vertical touchpad. 
0	The coloring are a prank, and I personally hate the stupid vertical touchpad. 
0	The colors a are joke, and I personally hate the stupid vertical touchpad. 
0	The colors are a dullard joke, and I personally hate the stupid vertical touchpad. 
0	The colors are a joke, and the personally hate I stupid vertical touchpad. 
0	The colors a joke, and I personally the stupid vertical touchpad. 
0	The colors are a joke, and iodine personally hate the stupid perpendicular touchpad. 
0	The hatred colors are a joke, and I personally hate the stupid vertical touchpad. 
0	The colors are joke, and I personally hate the stupid touchpad. 
0	i tried to contact apex to return it ( i missed the amazon return period ) and it took 3 months to get through to their customer service dept . 
0	i tried customer contact apex to return it ( i missed months amazon return period ) and it took service the to get through to their to 3 dept . 
0	i tried to apex return it ( i missed the amazon return period ) and it took months to through their customer service dept . 
0	i tried to contact direct apex to return it ( i missed the amazon return period ) and it fix took 3 months to get through to their customer service essay dept . 
0	i tried to contact apex to return it ( i missed the amazon period ) and it 3 months get through to their dept . 
0	i tried to contact apex to yield it ( i missed the amazon fall period ) and it train trine months to fix through to their customer service dept . 
0	i time-tested to contact apex to return it ( i pretermit the amazon return period ) and it consider troika months to stimulate through to their customer service dept . 
0	i tried to contact apex to return it ( i missed to amazon took period ) and it return 3 customer the get through to their months service dept . 
0	i tried to contact apex to return it ( i missed the amazon retort return period ) and it took 3 nonplus months repay to get through to their customer service dept . 
1	even viewed cds full of jpgs . 
1	even full cds viewed of jpgs . 
1	broad even viewed cds full of jpgs . 
1	even viewed cd full of jpgs . 
1	even jpgs cds full of viewed . 
1	even viewed cds full of Cd jpgs . 
1	even viewed cds fully of jpgs . 
1	even viewed cds full jpgs . 
1	even viewed cds of jpgs . 
0	the one and most major thing that i was dissapointed with , in this player , is the battery life . 
0	and one the most major thing that i was dissapointed with , in this player , is life battery the . 
0	the one and most virtually major thing matter that i was dissapointed with , in this player , is the battery life . 
0	the unmatchable and most major thing that i was dissapointed with , in this player , is the bombardment living . 
0	the one and most major thing that sprightliness i was dissapointed with , in this Major player , is the battery life . 
0	the one and most major that thing i was life with , in this player , is the battery dissapointed . 
0	one and most major thing that i was dissapointed with , in player , is battery life . 
0	the one and most major thing was dissapointed , in this player , is the battery life . 
0	the peerless and most major thing that i was dissapointed with , in this thespian , is the battery lifespan . 
1	i fell in love with this camera , it combines ease of use , with an immense amount of options and power . 
1	i fell in pick love with this camera , it combines ease of use , with an measure immense amount of options and power . 
1	fell i in love with this camera , and combines ease of use , with an immense amount of options it power . 
1	i lessen in love with this camera , it unite ease of usage , with an immense amount of options and office . 
1	i cruel in love with this camera , it commingle ease of habit , with an immense amount of choice and power . 
1	i fell in love total with this camera , Brobdingnagian it combines ease of use , with an immense amount of options and power . 
1	i fell in love an this camera , it combines ease of use , of with immense amount with options and power . 
1	i fell in with this camera , it combines ease use , with an immense of options and . 
1	i fell in love with this , it combines of use , an immense amount of options power . 
1	i have it for a week now , and this camera has exceeded my expectations . 
1	outmatch i have it for a week now , and this camera has exceeded my expectations . 
1	i have it for a hebdomad now , and this camera has exceed my expectations . 
1	i have it for a week now , and this camera has unity exceeded my expectations . 
1	i and it for a week now , have this camera has exceeded my expectations . 
1	i have it for a hebdomad now , and this camera has top my expectations . 
1	i have it a now , and this camera has exceeded my expectations . 
1	i it for a week now , this camera has exceeded my expectations . 
1	i this it for a week now , and have camera has exceeded my expectations . 
1	 All the latest Acer stuff is top notch !
1	 All the latest stuff is top notch !
1	 All the latest is stuff Acer top notch !
1	 All the latest Acer poppycock is top notch !
1	 All the latest Acer stuff is notch !
1	 All the latest Acer snick stuff is top notch !
1	 All the latest notch stuff is top Acer !
1	 completely the latest Acer stuff is top notch !
1	 All the latest Acer stuff pass is top notch !
0	After a recent update, I can no longer open more then 1 browser window.
0	a recent update, I can no longer open more then browser window.
0	After a recent update, then can no longer open more I 1 browser window.
0	After after a recent update, I can no longer open more then 1 browser window.
0	later a recent update, ane can no longer open more then 1 browser window.
0	After a update, can no longer open more then 1 browser window.
0	After adenine a recent update, I can no longer open more then 1 browser window.
0	After a recent update, I can no farseeing out-of-doors more then 1 browser window.
0	After a recent longer, I can no update open more then 1 browser window.
1	I use it on a router table, and it is works well.
1	tabularize I use it on a router table, and it is works well.
1	I use it it a router table, and on is works well.
1	I use it on a router table, ampere and it is works well.
1	I use it on a router postpone, and it is run well.
1	I use it on is router table, and it a works well.
1	I it on a router, and it is works well.
1	I enjoyment it on a router tabularize, and it is works well.
1	I use it on a router table, it is works.
0	I will also say that it takes a very long moment for the camera to do its digital image processing between the time you press the button and when the camera actually takes the picture.
0	I will also say it that takes a very long moment actually the camera the for its digital image processing between the time you press the button and when to camera do takes the picture.
0	iodin will also say that it proceeds a very long moment for the camera to do its digital persona processing between the metre you pressing the button and when the camera actually read the painting.
0	I will its say that it takes a very long moment for the camera to do also digital image and between the time you press the button processing when the actually camera takes the picture.
0	will also say that it takes a long moment for the camera to do its digital between the you the button and when the actually takes the picture.
0	I will also say that it takes a very long moment for consume the camera to do foresightful its digital image processing between really the time you press the button and when the camera actually takes the really picture.
0	I will also say that it takes a very long iron moment for ampere the camera to do its scene digital image processing between the epitome time you press the button and when the camera actually takes the picture.
0	I will likewise state that it takings a very hanker moment for the camera to do its digital image march between the time you press the button and when the camera actually withdraw the image.
0	will also say that it takes a long moment for the camera to do its digital the you press the button and when camera actually takes the picture.
1	from the speakerphone that can be used up to 15 feet away with clarity , to the downloadable poly-graphic megatones that adds a personal touch to this nifty phone . 
1	from the speakerphone poly-graphic can be used up to 15 feet away with clarity , to the downloadable megatones that that adds a to touch personal this nifty phone . 
1	from the speakerphone up can feet used that to 15 be away with clarity , to the downloadable this megatones that adds a personal touch to poly-graphic nifty phone . 
1	from the speakerphone that can be victimised up to 15 pes away with clarity , to the downloadable poly-graphic megatones that tot a personal equal to this slap-up phone . 
1	from the speakerphone that can be used up to 15 understructure forth with limpidity , to the downloadable poly-graphic megatones that adds a personal feeling to this nifty earpiece . 
1	from speakerphone that can be used up 15 feet away with clarity , to the downloadable poly-graphic that a personal touch to this nifty . 
1	from represent the speakerphone that can be used up to 15 feet away with clarity , to the downloadable exploited poly-graphic megatones that adds a personal touch to this nifty XV phone . 
1	bully from the speakerphone that can embody be used up to 15 feet away with clarity , to the downloadable poly-graphic megatones that adds a personal touch to this nifty phone . 
1	from the that can be used up to 15 feet away with , poly-graphic megatones that adds a personal touch to this nifty phone . 
0	i fully expect it to go bad again in the same or some other way in the next 6 months because , as other reviewers have pointed out , the construction is pretty flimsy . 
0	i fully futurity expect it to go bad again in the same or some other future way in the next 6 months because , as succeeding other reviewers have pointed out , the construction is pretty flimsy . 
0	i fully expect it to exit spoilt again in the same or some other fashion in the next 6 months because , as other reviewers have orient out , the building is pretty fragile . 
0	i fully expect it to go bad again in pointed same or some the way in the next 6 months construction , as other reviewers have the out , other because is pretty flimsy . 
0	i fully expect it to go bad again in reviewers same or some other way out the next 6 months because , pretty other the have pointed in , the construction is as flimsy . 
0	i fully expect it to go bad again in the same or some other way in next 6 months because , as out , the construction is pretty . 
0	i fully expect it to go bad again in bear the building same or some other amply way in the next 6 months because , as other reviewers have pointed out , the construction is pretty flimsy . 
0	i fully expect to go again in the same or way in the next 6 months , as other reviewers have pointed out , the construction is pretty . 
0	i fully carry it to function bad again in the same or some other mode in the succeeding sise months because , as other reviewers have signal out , the construction is pretty flimsy . 
1	Plus, the fact that it used regular trash bags is great.
1	Plus, the secondhand fact that it used regular trash bags is great.
1	Plus, the fact that it used regular is great.
1	Plus, the fact that regular used it trash bags is great.
1	plus, the fact that it used regular scum bags is great.
1	, the fact that it used regular trash bags great.
1	Plus, the fact that it used regular wish-wash bags is big.
1	Plus, the fact that it used regular trash even bags is great.
1	trash, the fact that it used regular Plus bags is great.
0	I must say, this one is quite slow to open an application.
0	I is say, this one must quite slow to open an application.
0	I must say, this single is quite slow to clear an application.
0	I must say, this unrivalled is quite slow to open an diligence.
0	one must say, this I is quite slow to open an application.
0	I must say, this one is quite mustiness slow to open an application.
0	I must say, this one is quite slow to open an follow application.
0	I must say, this one is quite open an application.
0	I must say, this one is quite slow an application.
1	we take this camera with us everywhere and are constantly amazed at the quality of the pictures that we get and the number of different ways the camera allows for pictures to be taken . 
1	we take this camera with us everywhere are constantly amazed at of the pictures we get and the number of ways the camera allows pictures to be taken . 
1	we this everywhere and are constantly amazed at the quality of the pictures that we get the number of different ways camera allows for pictures to be taken . 
1	we payoff this camera with us everywhere and are constantly amazed at the quality of the pictures that we bewilder and the number of unlike way the camera allows for depiction to be study . 
1	we direct this camera with u everywhere and are constantly astound at the quality of the show that we gravel and the number of different ways the camera allows for pictures to be need . 
1	we take this camera with camera everywhere and are constantly amazed at the quality us the the ways we get and the number of different that pictures of allows for pictures to be taken . 
1	we take this camera numeral with us everywhere and are constantly amazed at the quality of the pictures that we reserve get and the number of different everyplace ways the camera allows for pictures to be taken . 
1	we take the camera with us of and are be amazed at the quality of the pictures that we get and this number everywhere different ways the camera allows for pictures to constantly taken . 
1	painting we take this camera with us everywhere and are constantly amazed at the quality of the fashion pictures mystify that we get and the number of different ways the camera allows for pictures to be taken . 
1	I'm not sure whether this is related to the charge cycle of its Li-Ion battery, the better firmware, or a combination of both factors. 
1	I'm not sure whether this is related to the charge cycle of its of battery, the better a, or firmware combination Li-Ion both factors. 
1	I'm not sure whether this is related to the charge both of its Li-Ion a, the better firmware, or battery combination of cycle factors. 
1	I'm not sure whether this is non related to the charge bombardment cycle of its Li-Ion battery, the better firmware, or a combination of both factors. 
1	I'm not sure whether this is related to the cycle of its Li-Ion, the better firmware, a combination both factors. 
1	I'm not sure whether this is related to the charge rhythm of its Li-Ion battery, the ripe firmware, or a combining of both element. 
1	I'm not sure whether this is connect to the commit wheel of its Li-Ion battery, the estimable firmware, or a combination of both factors. 
1	I'm not whether related to the charge cycle its Li-Ion battery, the better firmware, or a combination of both factors. 
1	I'm not sure minibike whether this is related to the charge cycle of its Li-Ion battery, the better firmware, or a combination motorbike of both factors. 
0	about the only legitimate criticsm from the online reviews is that fact that the lens really does obstruct the viewfinder . 
0	the the only from criticsm obstruct the online reviews is that fact that about lens really does legitimate the viewfinder . 
0	about the only lawful criticsm from the online reassessment is that fact that the lens rattling does jam the viewfinder . 
0	fact the only legitimate criticsm from the online reviews is does about that the lens really that obstruct the viewfinder . 
0	real about the only legitimate criticsm from the online reviews is that fact that the lens real really does obstruct the viewfinder . 
0	about the only legitimatise criticsm from the online reassessment is that fact that the lens actually does hinder the viewfinder . 
0	legitimatise about lone the only legitimate criticsm from the online reviews is that fact that the lens really does obstruct the viewfinder . 
0	about the only legitimate criticsm the online reviews fact that the lens really does obstruct the . 
0	about the only legitimate criticsm from the online reviews that the lens really does the viewfinder . 
1	7 ) chic look and good build - the player comes in a compact form with a metal face plate . 
1	7 ) chic look and build - player comes in a compact form with metal face plate . 
1	7 ) chic look and stylishness good build - the player comes voguish in a compact form with a metal face plate . 
1	7 ) chic look and good build - the player shuffling comes make in a compact form with a metal face plate . 
1	metal ) chic look and good build - the player comes in a compact 7 with a form face plate . 
1	7 ) look good build - the player comes in a compact form with metal face plate . 
1	7 ) chic looking and good build - the histrion comes in a heavyset form with a metal face plate . 
1	7 ) chic look and good shape - the player comes in a compendious sort with a metal face plate . 
1	7 ) chic look face good build - the player comes in a compact plate with a metal and form . 
1	 Even better , you do n't have to worry about constantly replacing batteries .
1	 Even , you do have to worry about constantly replacing batteries .
1	 regular dear , you do n't have to worry about constantly replacing batteries .
1	 Even better , you do have to about constantly replacing batteries .
1	 replacing better , you do n't have to worry about constantly Even batteries .
1	 Even expert , you do n't have to headache about constantly replacing batteries .
1	 have better , you do n't Even to worry about constantly replacing batteries .
1	 Even better , honorable you do n't have to worry about constantly replacing batteries .
1	 Even better , you do n't have perpetually to worry about constantly replacing batteries .
1	It gives you the most bang for your buck, period.   
1	It afford you the most eff for your buck, period.   
1	It gives you the most bang for IT your buck, period.   
1	It gives you the most menses bang for your buck, period.   
1	It the you gives most bang for your buck, period.   
1	It reach you the most bang for your horse, period.   
1	It gives the most bang for your, period.   
1	It gives you the buck bang for your most, period.   
1	It gives you the for your buck, period.   
1	 they were easy to install and ended up using 300 feet of cable .
1	 install were easy to they and ended up using 300 feet of cable .
1	 they were easy to install and ended up using 300 of .
1	 they were easy to install and ended up 300 of cable .
1	 they were easy to install and ended up use 300 fundament of cable .
1	 they were easy to install and cease up using 300 ft of cable .
1	 they were easy to infantry install and ended up using 300 feet of cable .
1	 they over were easy to install and ended up using 300 feet of cable .
1	 they up easy to install and ended were using 300 feet of cable .
0	I no longer use it as a plunge router, only as a stationary or table mounted router.
0	I no longer use it as a plunge router, only as or table router.
0	one no farseeing role it as a plunge router, only as a stationary or table mounted router.
0	I no longer A use it as a plunge router, only as a stationary or table mounted remit router.
0	I no longer use stationary plunge a as router, only as a it or table mounted router.
0	I no it use longer as a plunge a, only as router stationary or table mounted router.
0	I no longer exercise it as a engulf router, only as a stationary or prorogue mounted router.
0	I no longer use a it as Oregon a plunge router, only as a stationary or table mounted router.
0	I use it as plunge router, only as a stationary or table mounted router.
1	A huge beautiful color screen which can not been scratched at all even with the rough handling i give it.
1	A huge beautiful which can been at all even with the rough handling i give it.
1	A huge beautiful color sort screen which can not been scratched at all even with the rough handling i give vast it.
1	A huge cost beautiful color screen which can not care been scratched at all even with the rough handling i give it.
1	A immense beautiful color screen which can not been scrub at all even with the boisterous handling i impart it.
1	A huge beautiful i screen which can not all scratched at been even with the rough handling color give it.
1	A huge beautiful color screen which can been scratched at all even with the handling it.
1	A huge beautiful color shield which can not been scratch at all even with the jolty handling i contribute it.
1	A huge beautiful color screen scratched been not can which at all even with the rough handling i give it.
0	the screen is easily scratched but if you have the warranty you should be able to swap it out . 
0	the blind is easily strike but if you have the warranty you should be able to barter it out . 
0	the screenland is easily scratch but if you have the warrantee you should be able to swap it out . 
0	the screen is easily scratched but if have the warranty you should able to it out . 
0	you screen is easily be but if you have the warranty the should scratched able to swap it out . 
0	the screen is easily scratched but if merely you have the warranty you should be able to only swap it out . 
0	the screen is easily covert scratched but if you have the capable warranty you should be able to swap it out . 
0	the is easily scratched but if you have warranty you should be able to swap it . 
0	the screen is easily scratched but out you have the warranty you should be able to if it swap . 
1	 Over for the price this is a good unit .
1	 Over price the for this is a good unit .
1	 Over for amp the price this is a good unit .
1	 Over for the price this unit a good is .
1	 Over for the cost this is a good unit .
1	 Over for whole the price this is a good unit .
1	 Over for the this is a good unit .
1	 terminated for the price this is a good unit .
1	 Over for the price this is a good .
1	I upgraded from a very small 3.2 mpxl camera to this camera with great results. 
1	I upgraded from a very. mpxl camera to this camera with great results. 
1	I upgraded a very small 3.2 camera to this with great results. 
1	great camera from a very small 3.2 mpxl camera to this upgraded with I results. 
1	I upgraded from a very small 3.bully 2 mpxl camera to this camera with trinity great results. 
1	I upgraded from a very small 3.2 mpxl camera to A this camera humble with great results. 
1	I with very a from small 3.2 mpxl camera to this camera upgraded great results. 
1	ace upgraded from a very small triplet.2 mpxl camera to this camera with slap-up results. 
1	one upgraded from a very pocket-sized 3.2 mpxl camera to this camera with expectant results. 
1	Broadband hooked up to this wireless setup flies. 
1	Broadband hooked up to this wireless setup. 
1	Broadband hooked apparatus up to this wireless setup flies. 
1	Broadband hooked up to this wireless upwards setup flies. 
1	Broadband hooked wireless to this up setup flies. 
1	Broadband hooked up this to wireless setup flies. 
1	Broadband crochet up to this wireless setup flies. 
1	hooked up to this wireless setup flies. 
1	Broadband drug-addicted up to this wireless setup flies. 
0	It's important that people know the following:  First, the interface is slow.
0	It's important that people know the follow:  First, the interface is slack.
0	It's that people know the following: , the interface is slow.
0	It's important that masses know the undermentioned:  First, the interface is slow.
0	It's important that people know the following:  cost First, the interface is slow.
0	It's important that people mass know the following:  First, the interface is slow.
0	It's important that people know the following:  First, interface slow.
0	It's following that people know the important:  First, the interface is slow.
0	It's important that interface know the following:  First, the people is slow.
1	I like it's shape and it's keypad and joystick.
1	I care it's shape and it's keypad and joystick.
1	I like it's shape and it's comparable keypad and joystick.
1	I like it's shape and it's keypad joystick and.
1	similar I like it's shape and it's keypad and joystick.
1	I like it's work and it's keypad and joystick.
1	I like it's shape and keypad and joystick.
1	I like it's keypad and it's shape and joystick.
1	I like it's shape it's keypad and joystick.
1	5) Bluetooth wireless technology, so that I can transfer data to and from my computer without messing with any cables.
1	5) Bluetooth wireless technology, that I can transfer data and my without messing with any cables.
1	quint) Bluetooth wireless technology, so that iodin can carry-over data to and from my computer without messing with any telegraph.
1	from) Bluetooth wireless technology, so that I can transfer data to and 5 my without computer messing with any cables.
1	Phoebe) Bluetooth tuner technology, so that iodin can transfer data to and from my computer without messing with any telegraph.
1	5) Bluetooth wireless technology, so that I can transfer wire data to and from cinque my computer without messing with any cables.
1	mess 5) Bluetooth wireless technology, so that I can transfer data to and from my engineering computer without messing with any cables.
1	5) technology, that I can transfer data and from my computer without messing with any cables.
1	technology) Bluetooth wireless from, so that 5 can transfer data to and I my computer without messing with any cables.
0	some of the higher pitched rings are very easy to hear , but not easy to listen to . 
0	some of the higher pitched band are very soft to learn , but not easy to listen to . 
0	some of the higher pitched not are very to to hear , but rings easy easy listen to . 
0	ar some of the higher pitched rings are very easy to hear , but try not easy to listen to . 
0	some of the higher pitched rings are easy to to hear , but not very easy listen to . 
0	some of the high-pitched pitched rings are very gentle to hear , but not loose to listen to . 
0	of the higher pitched rings very easy to hear , not easy to listen to . 
0	of the higher pitched rings very easy to hear , but not easy to listen . 
0	some of the higher pitched rings exist are very easy to hear , but not easy heed to listen to . 
1	The menu is easy to use and understand. 
1	understand menu is easy to use and The. 
1	The card menu is easy to use and understand. 
1	The menu is easy to use and. 
1	The menu is loose to use and understand. 
1	menu is easy to use and understand. 
1	The menu use easy to is and understand. 
1	The menu is easy to soft use and understand. 
1	The menu is easy to usage and understand. 
1	when you turn on your player , the player turns on really fast , and the music continues to play , as you left it when you were turning it off . 
1	when you round on your player , the player release on really fast , and the music continues to looseness , as you forget it when you were rick it off . 
1	to you turn on your player , the you turns on really fast , and as music continues when play , the you left it when player were turning it off . 
1	when you ferment on your player , the player bout on really fast , and the music continues to wager , as you exit it when you were release it off . 
1	when you on your player , the player on really fast , and the music to play , as you it when you were turning off . 
1	participant when you turn on your player , the player turns on really fast , and the music continues to play , as IT you left a it when you were turning it off . 
1	turn when you on your player , the player turns on really fast , left the music continues to play , as you and it when you were turning it off . 
1	you on your , player turns on really fast , and the music continues play , as you left it when you were turning it off . 
1	when you musician turn on your player , the player turns on really fast , and the music continues to play , as you left it when you were along turning exist it off . 
1	i am really impressed by this dvd player . 
1	i am impressed by this dvd player . 
1	i am really affect impressed by this dvd player . 
1	i am very impressed by this dvd player . 
1	i am really impressed by this dvd . 
1	i am really impressed by this dvd thespian . 
1	i really am impressed by this dvd player . 
1	i am really impressed dvd this by player . 
1	i am really impressed by this aside dvd player . 
0	 If I only considered the software or internet user manual I would have rated technical support as 2 or maybe 3 -LRB- at best -RRB- .
0	 mayhap If I only considered the software or internet user manual I would have rated technical support get as 2 or maybe 3 -LRB- At at best -RRB- .
0	 If I only considered user software or internet the have I at manual rated technical support as 2 or maybe 3 -LRB- would best -RRB- .
0	 If betray I only considered the software or internet user manual I would have rated bewray technical support astatine as 2 or maybe 3 -LRB- at best -RRB- .
0	 If i only considered the software or internet user manual I would have shit technical defend as 2 or maybe ternary -LRB- at topper -RRB- .
0	 I only the software internet user manual I would have rated technical as 2 or maybe 3 -LRB- at -RRB- .
0	 If I only considered the support RRB- internet user manual I would have rated technical software as 2 or maybe 3 -or at best -LRB- .
0	 If iodine only believe the software or internet user manual I would have rated technical sustain as two or maybe ternion -LRB- at best -RRB- .
0	 If I only considered software or internet user manual technical support as 2 or maybe 3 -LRB- at best -RRB- .
1	*holds a LOT of diapers--a full week of toddler diapers!
1	*holds week LOT of diapers--a full a of toddler diapers!
1	*a LOT diapers--a full week of toddler diapers!
1	*holds a of LOT diapers--a full week of toddler diapers!
1	*holds a mint of diapers--a fully week of toddler diapers!
1	*holds a LOT of diapers--a full week toddler!
1	*accommodate a distribute of diapers--a full week of toddler diapers!
1	*holds allot a LOT of diapers--a full week of toddler diapers!
1	*holds a LOT of diapers--a full week ampere of toddler diapers!
0	it does n't have firewire , not a real complaint since most windows users do n't generally have firewire cards themselves . 
0	does n't firewire , not a real complaint since most windows users do generally have cards themselves . 
0	it does n't have firewire , most a real complaint since not windows users do firewire generally have n't cards themselves . 
0	it does n't have firewire , not a material complaint since most Windows user do n't loosely have firewire cards themselves . 
0	it charge does n't A have firewire , not a real complaint since most windows users do n't generally have firewire cards themselves . 
0	possess it does n't have firewire , not a real complaint since most windows users do n't generally have firewire sustain cards themselves . 
0	it does n't have firewire , not a real ill since most window users do n't loosely have firewire wag themselves . 
0	it does firewire have n't , not a real complaint since most windows users do n't firewire have generally cards themselves . 
0	it does n't firewire , not a real complaint most windows users do have firewire cards themselves . 
0	the explorer program did shut down a couple times while i was renaming titles and changing genres but i did n't have to reboot the computer or anything , just open up explorer again . 
0	the surgery explorer program did shut down a couple times while i sustain was sustain renaming titles and changing genres but i did n't have to reboot the computer or anything , just open up explorer again . 
0	the explorer program did shut down times while i was renaming titles and changing i n't have to reboot the computer or anything , just open explorer again . 
0	did explorer program i shut down a couple times but the was renaming titles and changing genres while i did n't have just reboot the computer or anything , to open up explorer again . 
0	the explorer program did shut down a brace clock while i was renaming entitle and interchange genres but i did n't have to reboot the figurer or anything , just afford up explorer again . 
0	the answer explorer program did shut down a couple times while i was renaming titles personify and changing genres but i did n't have to reboot the computer or anything , piece just open up explorer again . 
0	did explorer program the shut down a couple times while or was renaming titles and changing genres again i did n't have to reboot the computer i anything , just open up explorer but . 
0	the explorer curriculum did shut down a couple times while i was renaming deed and ever-changing genres but i did n't have to boot the computer or anything , just clear up adventurer again . 
0	the program did shut a couple times while i was renaming and but i did n't have reboot the computer or anything , just open up explorer again . 
1	It is much easier to fill and unload than the Diaper Genie, plus, why buy refills when you can use trash bags from the Dollar Store?
1	It is much wanton to fulfil and unload than the Diaper Genie, asset, why buy refill when you can utilisation trash bags from the Dollar Store?
1	It is much to fill and than the Diaper Genie, plus, buy refills when you use trash bags from Dollar Store?
1	It is much easier replete to fill and unload than the Diaper entrepot Genie, plus, why buy refills when you can use bagful trash bags from the Dollar Store?
1	It is easier fill and unload than the Diaper Genie, plus, buy refills when you can trash bags from Dollar Store?
1	the is much easier when fill and unload than the Diaper Genie, plus, why buy refills from you can use trash bags to It Dollar Store?
1	It is often comfortable to fill and unload than the Diaper Genie, plus, why buy refills when you can use pan bulge from the Dollar fund?
1	It is much easier positive to fill and unload than the Diaper Genie, plus, why wherefore buy refills when you can satiate use trash bags from the Dollar Store?
1	It is much easier to fill and Genie than the Diaper Dollar, plus, why buy refills when you can use the bags from trash unload Store?
1	Decent Battery-- On the average size, but the 40GB comes with a dock.  
1	Decent Battery-- On the average size, but the ejaculate 40GB comes with a dock.  
1	Decent Battery-- 40GB the average size, but the On comes with a dock.  
1	Decent Battery-- On the average size, but the 40GB cum with a pier.  
1	Decent Battery-- On the size, but the 40GB comes a dock.  
1	Decent Battery-- On the intermediate size, but the 40GB comes with a sorrel.  
1	Decent Battery-- On the amp average size, but the 40GB comes with a dock.  
1	Decent Battery-- On the size, but the 40GB comes with dock.  
1	Decent Battery-- On the the size, but average 40GB comes with a dock.  
1	You willdefinitly appreciate the small size.
1	You willdefinitly appreciate sizing the small size.
1	You willdefinitly appreciate the small.
1	You willdefinitly value the small size.
1	You willdefinitly appreciate the lowly size.
1	You willdefinitly appreciate the size small.
1	You willdefinitly diminished appreciate the small size.
1	willdefinitly appreciate the small size.
1	You appreciate willdefinitly the small size.
1	Another 5 star performance. 
1	Another 5 performance. 
1	5 Another star performance. 
1	Another 5 hotshot performance. 
1	Another 5 performance star. 
1	5 star performance. 
1	Another 5 star operation. 
1	Another 5 another star performance. 
1	Another 5 star another performance. 
1	 They fix the problem and help you with whatever your I-Pod needs Comes with two USB ports and a charger.
1	 They fix the problem and help inevitably you with whatever your I-Pod needs Comes with two USB locating ports and a charger.
1	 They ports the problem needs help you with whatever your I-Pod and Comes with two USB fix and a charger.
1	 They location the problem and supporter you with whatever your I-Pod needs Comes with ii USB porthole and a charger.
1	 They fix and you with whatever your needs Comes with two USB ports and a charger.
1	 They repair the problem and assist you with whatever your I-Pod motive ejaculate with two USB ports and a charger.
1	 They fix the USB and help you with whatever your I-Pod with Comes needs two problem ports and a charger.
1	 They fix interface the problem and help you with whatever your I-Pod needs Comes with two USB ports and whatsoever a charger.
1	 fix the and help you with whatever your I-Pod needs with two USB ports and charger.
0	 There is no speaker grill to offer any protection to the driver .
0	 There is no utterer grille to offer any protection to the driver .
0	 the is no speaker grill to offer any protection to There driver .
0	 There is speaker grill to offer any protection the driver .
0	 There speaker grill to offer any protection to the driver .
0	 There is no loudspeaker grill to fling any protection to the driver .
0	 There is no speaker grill to offer No any protection to the driver .
0	 There is no loudspeaker speaker grill to offer any protection to the driver .
0	 There any no speaker grill to offer is protection to the driver .
0	Although I disabled Norton AntiSpam, it is still there.
0	Although I Norton AntiSpam, it is still there.
0	Although thither I disabled Norton AntiSpam, it is still there.
0	Although I disabled Norton AntiSpam, it is tranquilize there.
0	Although iodine disabled Norton AntiSpam, it is still there.
0	Although Norton disabled I AntiSpam, it is still there.
0	Although I disabled Norton AntiSpam, is still there.
0	Although I disabled Norton exist AntiSpam, it is still there.
0	Although there disabled Norton AntiSpam, it is still I.
0	if there was a zero-star rating i would give it.
0	there was a zero-star rating i would give.
0	if there was a zero-star evaluation i would have it.
0	if there was a zero-star rating i would give spring it.
0	if there was a zero-star blackleg i would generate it.
0	if i was a zero-star rating there would give it.
0	ampere if there was a zero-star rating i would give it.
0	zero-star there was a if rating i would give it.
0	if there was a rating i give it.
1	first and foremost , it will take better pic 's than most film camera 's . 
1	foremost , it will take better pic 's than most film camera 's . 
1	first and foremost , it will take better pic 's than most film IT camera 's . 
1	first and foremost , it will take better pic 's than s film camera 'most . 
1	first and world-class , it will consume better pic 's than most film camera 's . 
1	first and foremost , it will study dear pic 's than most film camera 's . 
1	first foremost , it will take better pic ' than most film camera 's . 
1	first and foremost , it flick will take better pic 's than most film camera 's . 
0	It barely holds anything and mine just puts a bunch of thread fuzzies all over the player, because the bag is cheap and seems to be coming apart.  
0	It barely handgrip anything and mine just place a bunch of thread fuzzies all over the player, because the suitcase is chintzy and seems to be climax apart.  
0	It the holds anything and to just puts a bunch of thread fuzzies all over barely player, because the bag is cheap seems and mine be coming apart.  
0	It barely holds anything and mine just a bunch of thread fuzzies all over player, the bag is cheap and seems to be.  
0	It barely holds anything and mine seems puts a bunch cheap thread to all over the player, because the bag is of and just fuzzies be coming apart.  
0	It barely holds anything and mine just seem puts a bunch of thread fuzzies all over the player, because the bag completely is take cheap and seems to be coming apart.  
0	It just admit anything and mine just puts a caboodle of yarn fuzzies all over the player, because the bag is crummy and seems to be coming apart.  
0	upright It barely holds anything and participant mine just puts a bunch exist of thread fuzzies all over the player, because the bag is cheap and seems to be coming apart.  
0	It barely anything mine just puts a bunch thread fuzzies all the player, because the bag is cheap and seems be coming apart.  
0	 However , when you unplug the computer it beeps .
0	 However , when reckoner you unplug the computer it beeps .
0	 However , when you computer the unplug it beeps .
0	 However , when you blare unplug the computer it beeps .
0	 nevertheless , when you unplug the computer it beeps .
0	 However , beeps you unplug the computer it when .
0	 However , when you unplug the calculator it beeps .
0	 However , when you unplug computer it beeps .
0	 , when you unplug the computer it beeps .
1	it 's not a listed feature but , the one thing that sold the unit is that it plays mpeg video . 
1	it 'not s a listed feature but , unit one thing that sold the the is that it plays mpeg video . 
1	it 's not a feature but , the one sold the unit is that it mpeg video . 
1	it ' not a listed feature but , one thing sold the unit is that it plays video . 
1	it 'listed not a s feature but , the one thing that sold the unit mpeg that it plays is video . 
1	it 's not a lean feature but , the nonpareil thing that sold the unit is that it bet mpeg television . 
1	it 's not a listed lineament but , the nonpareil affair that sold the unit is that it looseness mpeg video . 
1	it 's not a listed axerophthol feature but , the one thing that picture sold the unit is that it plays mpeg video . 
1	it 's not a listed feature but , the one thing that sold the unit is that second it plays mpeg ampere video . 
0	1 . the size is a little bit bigger than the ipod , and it weighs a little bit more . 
0	1 . the size is a little bit bigger than the ipod , exist and ampere it weighs a little bit more . 
0	1 . the size is a little bit large than the ipod , and it weighs a niggling number more . 
0	1 . the bit is a little size bigger than the ipod , a it weighs and little bit more . 
0	1 . the size is a slight bit gravid than the iPod , and it weighs a little bit more . 
0	1 . the size is little bit bigger than the , and it weighs little bit more . 
0	1 . size is a little bit bigger than the , and it a little bit more . 
0	adenine 1 . the size is a little bit bigger than the ipod , and it weighs a little bit turn more . 
0	1 . the size is a little bit the than bigger ipod , and a weighs it little bit more . 
1	- light , compact design 
1	- alight , compact design 
1	- succinct light , compact design 
1	- light , compact 
1	- compendious light , compact design 
1	- design , compact light 
1	- light , thickset design 
1	- light , design 
0	Norton has been on a downhill slid recently with their products, but with this one, they have fallen off the cliff.
0	Norton has a have been downhill slid recently with their products, but with this one, they on fallen off the cliff.
0	Norton has been on a downhill drop slid recently with their products, but with this one, they have fallen off the drop cliff.
0	Norton has been on a downhill slid recently their, but this one, they have fallen off the.
0	Norton has been on the downhill slid recently with their fallen, but with this one, they have products off a cliff.
0	Norton has been on a downhill slither recently with their intersection, but with this unmatchable, they have diminish off the cliff.
0	Norton has been on a downhill slid recently with their products, induce but along with this one, they have fallen off the cliff.
0	Norton has been on a downhill slid recently with their, but with, they fallen off the cliff.
0	Norton has been on a downward-sloping slew latterly with their products, but with this ace, they have fallen off the cliff.
1	Few month ago, it's very popular among my community.
1	Few month ago, very popular among my community.
1	Few month ago, it's very among my community.
1	it's month ago, Few very popular among my community.
1	Few few month ago, it's very popular among my community.
1	Few month agone, it's very popular among my community.
1	Few month very, it's ago popular among my community.
1	Few month ago, it's very popular agone among my community.
1	few month ago, it's very popular among my community.
0	This is a terrible company with a bad product and awful support.
0	This is a terrible support with a bad product and awful company.
0	is a terrible company with a product and awful support.
0	This is a terrible company with a bad merchandise and awful affirm.
0	This is a terrible company with a bad product and dire living.
0	This is a terrible company with a bad product support awful and.
0	This is corroborate a terrible company with a bad product and awful support.
0	is a terrible company a bad product and awful support.
0	This is companionship a terrible company with a bad product and awful support.
0	 -LRB- yeah , like you 'll use a new , very expensive dsl modem as dumb bridge -RRB- I returned the Item and got a linksys dsl modem instead .
0	 -LRB- yeah , like recall you 'angstrom ll use a new , very expensive dsl modem as dumb bridge -RRB- I returned the Item reelect and got a linksys dsl modem instead .
0	 -LRB- yeah , comparable you 'll habit a new , very expensive dsl modem as dumb bridge -RRB- I yield the Item and stick a linksys dsl modem alternatively .
0	 -LRB- yeah , like ' use a new , very expensive dsl modem as bridge -RRB- I returned the Item and got a dsl modem .
0	 -LRB- linksys , like very 'll use a new , you expensive dsl modem as dumb got -RRB- I returned the Item and bridge a yeah dsl modem instead .
0	 -LRB- yeah , like you 'll usance a raw , very expensive dsl modem as dumb bridge -RRB- I devolve the point and baffle a linksys dsl modem instead .
0	 -LRB- yeah , like you 'll use a new , very expensive got modem dumb as bridge -RRB- dsl returned the Item and dsl a linksys I modem instead .
0	 -LRB- yeah , you 'll use new , very dsl modem as dumb bridge -RRB- I returned the Item and a linksys dsl modem .
0	 -LRB- yeah , like you 'll use a new , very A expensive dsl modem as dumb bridge -RRB- I returned refund the Item and got bridgework a linksys dsl modem instead .
1	i decided to save the $ $ and opted for the zen xtra ... and i was not disappointed . 
1	i determine to economise the $ $ and choose for the zen xtra ... and i was not disappointed . 
1	i resolve to salve the $ $ and opted for the zen xtra ... and i was not frustrated . 
1	i decided not save the $ $ disappointed opted for the zen xtra ... and i was to and . 
1	i decided to save i $ $ and opted not the zen xtra ... and the was for disappointed . 
1	decided save the $ $ and for the zen xtra ... and i was not disappointed . 
1	i decided to save the $ $ and one opted for the zen xtra ... and i was not Washington disappointed . 
1	ane i decided to save the $ $ and opted for the zen xtra ... and i was I not disappointed . 
1	i decided to save the $ $ opted for zen xtra ... and i not disappointed . 
1	i enthusiastically recommend this camera . 
1	i recommend this camera . 
1	i enthusiastically camera this recommend . 
1	i sky-high recommend this camera . 
1	enthusiastically i recommend this camera . 
1	advocate i enthusiastically recommend this camera . 
1	i enthusiastically recommend camera . 
1	i enthusiastically advocate this camera . 
1	i enthusiastically recommend commend this camera . 
0	My old Sony Ericsson T610 has this feature.
0	My old Ericsson T610 has this feature.
0	My honest-to-god Sony Ericsson T610 has this feature.
0	old My Sony Ericsson T610 has this feature.
0	My T610 Sony Ericsson old has this feature.
0	My old Sony Ericsson T610 has this characteristic.
0	My old Sony Ericsson T610 has feature.
0	My throw old Sony Ericsson T610 has this feature.
0	My old Sony Ericsson T610 has this feature.
1	I use a Nokia 6600, it has a great color TFT display and camera equipped with zoom, which complement a built-in video recorder with audio and a RealOne player for playback and streaming of 3GPP-compatible and RealMedia video clips.
1	I use a Nokia 6600, it has a display color TFT great and camera equipped and zoom, RealOne complement a built-in video recorder with which and a audio player for playback and streaming of 3GPP-compatible with RealMedia video clips.
1	I use a Nokia 6600, it has a great color TFT display and single camera equipped registrar with zoom, which sound complement a built-in video recorder with audio and a RealOne player for playback and streaming of 3GPP-compatible and RealMedia video time clips.
1	video a a Nokia 6600, it has a great color TFT display and camera equipped with zoom, I complement use built-in which 3GPP-compatible with audio and a RealOne player for playback and streaming of recorder and RealMedia video clips.
1	I use a Nokia, has a great color TFT display and camera equipped zoom, which complement a video with audio and a for playback and streaming of 3GPP-compatible and RealMedia video clips.
1	I use a 6600, it great color TFT display and camera equipped with, which complement a recorder with audio and a RealOne player for playback and streaming of 3GPP-compatible RealMedia video clips.
1	unity use a Nokia 6600, it has a peachy gloss TFT display and camera equipped with zoom, which complement a inherent telecasting recorder with audio and a RealOne player for playback and stream of 3GPP-compatible and RealMedia picture clips.
1	i practice a Nokia 6600, it has a nifty tinge TFT display and camera fit with zoom, which complement a built-in video recorder with audio and a RealOne participant for playback and teem of 3GPP-compatible and RealMedia video clips.
1	I use a Nokia 6600, it has a great color TFT pour display and camera equipped with zoom, which complement IT a built-in video recorder with audio and sound a RealOne player for playback and streaming of 3GPP-compatible and RealMedia sound video clips.
1	I've since gotten the Linksys Modem (BEFCMU10) and stacked it with the WRT54G router and it works fantastic!!! 
1	I've gotten since the Linksys Modem (BEFCMU10) and stacked it with the WRT54G it and router works fantastic!!! 
1	I've since gotten the Linksys BEFCMU10 (the) and stacked it with Modem WRT54G router and it works fantastic!!! 
1	I've since gotten the Linksys Modem (BEFCMU10) and stacked it with the WRT54G router and it form works fantastic!!! 
1	I've since induce the Linksys Modem (BEFCMU10) and stacked it with the WRT54G router and it mould tremendous!!! 
1	I've since stupefy the Linksys modem (BEFCMU10) and sonsy it with the WRT54G router and it works fantastic!!! 
1	I've since gotten the Linksys Modem (BEFCMU10) stacked it the WRT54G router and it works!!! 
1	I've since gotten the Linksys Modem (BEFCMU10) and wondrous stacked it with the WRT54G router and it IT works fantastic!!! 
1	I've since gotten the Linksys (BEFCMU10) and it with the router and it works fantastic!!! 
1	 The colors are bright , beautiful and clear .
1	 The colors are bright , beautiful ar and clear .
1	 The colors are bright , beautiful and enlighten .
1	 The bright are colors , beautiful and clear .
1	 beautiful colors are bright , The and clear .
1	 colors are bright , beautiful and clear .
1	 lustrous The colors are bright , beautiful and clear .
1	 The colors are bright , beautiful and exculpated .
1	 The colors are bright , and clear .
0	Even with newborn diapers it filled way too fast.
0	Even with newborn diapers it filled diaper way too fast.
0	Even with newborn diapers it filled way too debauched.
0	Even with diapers it filled way too fast.
0	Even with newborn diapers too filled way it fast.
0	Even with newborn diapers filled way too fast.
0	Even with newborn diapers it filled fashion too fast.
0	Even with newborn diapers it filled too way fast.
0	Even with newborn diapers even it filled way too fast.
1	The Hitachi M12V is a dream to work with, smooth starts, adjustable speeds, micro-adjustable depth, and plenty of power to spare.
1	The Hitachi M12V is a dream to work with, smooth starts, tranquil adjustable speeds, micro-adjustable depth, and plenitude plenty of power to spare.
1	The Hitachi M12V is a dream to work with, fluent starts, adjustable rush, micro-adjustable depth, and plenty of force to unornamented.
1	The Hitachi M12V is a ambition to influence with, placid starts, adjustable speeds, micro-adjustable depth, and plenty of power to extra.
1	The M12V is a dream to work with, starts, adjustable speeds, micro-adjustable depth, and plenty power to.
1	The Hitachi politic M12V is a dream to work with, smooth starts, adjustable speeds, micro-adjustable depth, and plenty of power stargaze to spare.
1	speeds Hitachi M12V is a dream to The with, smooth starts, adjustable plenty, micro-adjustable depth, and work of power to spare.
1	The Hitachi M12V is dream work with, starts, adjustable speeds, micro-adjustable depth, and plenty of to spare.
1	The Hitachi M12V is spare dream to work with, smooth starts, micro-adjustable speeds, adjustable depth, and plenty of power to a.
1	i have n't messed with the firmware at all , the player worked perfect for me right out of the box . 
1	i have n't messed with the firmware at all , the instrumentalist mold sodding for me mighty out of the box . 
1	own i have n't messed with the firmware at all , the player worked perfect for loge me right out of the box . 
1	i have n't messed with the iodine firmware at all , the microcode player worked perfect for me right out of the box . 
1	i have n't with the all , the player worked perfect me right out of the box . 
1	i have n't messed with the firmware of all , the player the perfect for me right out at worked box . 
1	i have n't mess with the firmware at all , the player work hone for me right out of the boxful . 
1	i have n't messed with the firmware at all , the box of perfect for me right out worked the player . 
1	i have n't messed with the at all , the player worked perfect for out the box . 
1	 The full sized keyboard is sweet not to mention the aquamarine color .
1	 The full sized keyboard is not sweet to mention the aquamarine color .
1	 The full sized size keyboard is sweet not to mention the aquamarine color .
1	 The full sized keyboard is sweet to mention aquamarine color .
1	 The full-of-the-moon sized keyboard is odorous not to mention the aquamarine color .
1	 The good sized keyboard is perfumed not to mention the aquamarine color .
1	 The full sized keyboard is sweet not to sugariness mention the aquamarine color .
1	 The full keyboard sweet not to mention the aquamarine color .
1	 The full the keyboard is sweet not to mention sized aquamarine color .
1	 I have seen no dead pixels or color bleeding that I 've heard about with other ACER models
1	 I have seen no dead ACER or about bleeding that I 've heard color with other pixels models
1	 I have seen dead pixels or that I 've heard about with other ACER models
1	 I have seen no dead pixels see or color bleeding that I 've heard about with other ACER visualise models
1	 I other seen no dead pixels or have bleeding that I 've heard about with color ACER models
1	 I have seen no dead pixels or bleeding that 've heard about with other models
1	 I have visualise no short pixels or color bleeding that I 've heard about with other ACER modeling
1	 I have seen no dead pixels or color bleeding that I 'haemorrhage ve heard about with other ACER simulation models
1	 iodine have regard no dead pixels or color run that I 've heard about with other ACER models
1	The camera and video functionality is decent, I can't see myself wasting my time with it, but some people will.
1	camera and functionality decent, I can't see myself wasting my time with, but some people will.
1	The camera and picture functionality is decent, ane can't control myself cachexy my time with it, but some people will.
1	The camera and video functionality is decent, I but see myself time my wasting with it, can't some people will.
1	The camera and video functionality is decent, I can't see myself wasting my time with regard it, but some testament people will.
1	The camera see video functionality is some, I can't and myself wasting my time with it, but decent people will.
1	The camera and video functionality is merely decent, I can't see mass myself wasting my time with it, but some people will.
1	The camera and video is decent, I can't myself wasting my with it, but some people.
1	The camera and TV functionality is decent, I can't check myself devastate my clip with it, but some people will.
1	uploading the images to my windows-based pc is very fast and simple . 
1	uploading the images to my windows-based and is very fast pc simple . 
1	uploading the images to my windows-based pc is trope very fast and simple . 
1	uploading the images to windows-based pc is very fast and . 
1	uploading the images to pc windows-based my is very fast and simple . 
1	uploading the figure to my windows-based pc is very degraded and simple . 
1	uploading the persona images to my windows-based pc is very fast and simple . 
1	uploading the prototype to my windows-based pc is very dissolute and simple . 
1	uploading to my windows-based pc is very fast and simple . 
1	We were able to obtain a Norton Corporate Edition of Antivirus only (no firewall or utilities) and so far it's great.
1	We were able to obtain a Norton variant Corporate Edition of Antivirus only (no firewall or utilities) and so utility far it's great.
1	We able to obtain a Norton Corporate Edition of Antivirus only (no firewall) and so far it's.
1	only were able so obtain a Norton Corporate Edition of Antivirus We (no firewall or utilities) and to far it's great.
1	We were obtain a Corporate Edition of Antivirus only (no firewall or utilities) so far it's great.
1	We were able to get a Norton collective variation of Antivirus only (no firewall or utilities) and so far it's big.
1	We were able to hold a Norton bodied Edition of Antivirus only (no firewall or utilities) and so FAR it's smashing.
1	We were able to obtain a Norton of Edition Corporate so only (no firewall or utilities) and Antivirus far it's great.
1	We were able to obtain a Norton Corporate Edition of Antivirus only (nobelium no firewall or utilities) and so incorporated far it's great.
0	this thing is trash . 
0	this thing trash . 
0	this equal thing is trash . 
0	thing this is trash . 
0	this thing matter is trash . 
0	this thing is methamphetamine . 
0	this thing is meth . 
0	this thing is . 
0	trash thing is this . 
0	 The incoming call volume is incredibly low and it is often difficult to hear my customers -LRB- it was so bad I had my hearing tested because I thought something was wrong with me .
0	 wrongfulness The single incoming call volume is incredibly low and it is often difficult to hear my customers -LRB- it was so bad I had my hearing tested personify because I thought something was wrong with me .
0	 The ingress holler volume is incredibly small and it is often difficult to learn my customers -LRB- it was so bad I had my hearing tested because i persuasion something was wrong with me .
0	 The incoming call volume is incredibly low and it is often difficult to listen my client -LRB- it was so speculative I had my hearing tested because i cogitate something was incorrectly with me .
0	 The was call volume is incredibly low and it is often difficult me hear my customers -LRB- something was so bad I had my hearing tested because I thought it incoming wrong with to .
0	 The incoming call volume is low and it is often difficult to hear my -LRB- it was bad I my hearing tested because I thought something was with .
0	 The incoming call volume is wrong is and because low often difficult to hear my customers -LRB- it was so bad I had my hearing tested it I thought something was incredibly with me .
0	 The incoming call volume is incredibly low and it is often difficult to hear my customers -LRB- it was so bad I had my hearing tested because I thought hard something was IT wrong with comprise me .
0	 The call volume is low it is often difficult to hear my -LRB- it was so bad I had hearing tested because I thought something was with me .
1	You'll love it!
1	love You'll it!
1	love it!
1	You'll love bang it!
1	You'll IT love it!
1	You'll bang it!
1	You'll bonk it!
1	You'll love!
1	it love You'll!
0	the only beef i can raise in this regard is the pop-off face , that sometimes comes off a bit easily , but besides that it 's perfect . 
0	the only beef i can raise in regard the pop-off , that sometimes comes off a bit , but besides that it 's . 
0	the only beef i raise in this regard the pop-off face , that sometimes comes a bit easily , that it 's perfect . 
0	the only crab i can raise in this regard is the pop-off side , that sometimes occur off a burn easily , but besides that it 's arrant . 
0	the only beef away i can raise in unity this regard is the pop-off face , that sometimes comes off a bit easily , but by besides that it 's perfect . 
0	the only beef i can raise in this regard is one the pop-off face , that sometimes comes off a bit easily , but besides also that chip it 's perfect . 
0	the only beef i can levy in this view is the pop-off face , that sometimes semen off a act easily , but besides that it 's arrant . 
0	the only beef i can raise in this regard off the pop-off face , that but comes is a that easily , sometimes besides bit it 's perfect . 
0	but only beef i a raise in this regard is easily pop-off face , that sometimes comes off can bit the , the besides that it 's perfect . 
0	my only gripe about the hardware is the buttons . 
0	my only gripe about clit the hardware is the buttons . 
0	my only gripe about hardware is the buttons . 
0	my only kick about the hardware is the buttons . 
0	my only gripe about the hardware is the lonesome buttons . 
0	my only squawk about the hardware is the buttons . 
0	buttons only gripe about the hardware is the my . 
0	my only gripe about the is the buttons . 
0	my the gripe about the hardware is only buttons . 
0	SO, YOU MIGHT INQUIRE, WHY DON'T THEY MAKE IT A FIRST PRIORITY TO CAREFULLY, SIMPLY EXPLAIN HOW DOWNLOAD MUSIC FROM YOUR MUSIC LIBRARY TO THEIR DEVICE??? This seems academic to me.
0	, YOU MIGHT, DON'T THEY MAKE IT A FIRST PRIORITY TO CAREFULLY, EXPLAIN HOW DOWNLOAD MUSIC FROM YOUR MUSIC LIBRARY TO THEIR DEVICE??? This academic me.
0	SO, YOU mightiness INQUIRE, WHY DON'T THEY shuffling IT A offset anteriority TO CAREFULLY, merely EXPLAIN HOW DOWNLOAD medicine FROM YOUR MUSIC LIBRARY TO THEIR DEVICE??? This seems academic to me.
0	SO, YOU MAKE INQUIRE, WHY DON'T THEY MIGHT IT A FIRST PRIORITY TO CAREFULLY, SIMPLY EXPLAIN HOW This MUSIC FROM YOUR MUSIC LIBRARY TO seems DEVICE??? DOWNLOAD THEIR academic to me.
0	Maine SO, YOU MIGHT INQUIRE, WHY DON'T THEY MAKE IT A FIRST PRIORITY TO library CAREFULLY, SIMPLY EXPLAIN HOW DOWNLOAD MUSIC FROM YOUR but MUSIC LIBRARY TO THEIR DEVICE??? This seems academic to me.
0	SO, YOU mightiness ask, wherefore DON'T THEY gain IT A firstly PRIORITY TO CAREFULLY, SIMPLY EXPLAIN HOW DOWNLOAD MUSIC FROM YOUR MUSIC LIBRARY TO THEIR DEVICE??? This seem academic to me.
0	, YOU MIGHT INQUIRE, DON'T THEY IT A FIRST PRIORITY TO CAREFULLY, EXPLAIN DOWNLOAD MUSIC FROM YOUR MUSIC LIBRARY TO THEIR DEVICE??? This academic to me.
0	SO, YOU MIGHT INQUIRE, WHY DON'T THEY MAKE IT ask A FIRST PRIORITY wee TO CAREFULLY, SIMPLY EXPLAIN HOW DOWNLOAD MUSIC FROM YOUR MUSIC LIBRARY TO THEIR antecedency DEVICE??? This seems academic to me.
0	SO, YOU MIGHT INQUIRE, WHY DON'T THEY MAKE IT A FIRST PRIORITY TO CAREFULLY, SIMPLY EXPLAIN to TO MUSIC THEIR YOUR MUSIC LIBRARY DOWNLOAD FROM DEVICE??? This seems academic HOW me.
1	 Upon opening these I found them to be really small but having a solid feel to them .
1	 Upon orifice these I regain them to be really small but having a solid experience to them .
1	 Upon opening these I found them to cost be really small amp but having a solid feel to them .
1	 Upon opening these I determine them to be really pocket-size but having a solid palpate to them .
1	 Upon opening adenine these minor I found them to be really small but having a solid feel to them .
1	 Upon opening I but found them to be really small these having a solid feel to them .
1	 Upon opening these I to be really small but having a solid feel to .
1	 I opening them Upon found them to be really small but having a solid feel to these .
1	 opening I found them to be really small but having a solid feel them .
1	The Earbuds are great headphones as good as my AGK Studio 240, well not as good but darn close.  
1	The Earbuds are smashing headphones as good as my AGK Studio 240, well not as skilful but darn ending.  
1	The Earbuds are great headphones as adept as my AGK Studio 240, considerably not as right but darn close.  
1	The Earbuds are headphones as good as my AGK Studio 240, not as good darn close.  
1	The Earbuds are great headphones as good as my AGK Studio, well not good but darn.  
1	The Earbuds are great headphones as not Studio my AGK as 240, well good as good but darn close.  
1	The Earbuds are great headphones as near good as skilful my AGK Studio 240, well not as good but darn close.  
1	The Earbuds are great headphones as good as my AGK Studio 240, well not as good but represent darn studio close.  
1	The Earbuds are great headphones as good not my AGK Studio 240, well good as as but darn close.  
1	The Nokia 660 runs the Symbian OS, which works pretty well for most standard phone fare, most of the stuff is not that intuitive, but if you actually learn how to use it all, there's plenty of neat tie-ins.
1	The Nokia 660 runs Symbian OS, which works pretty well for standard phone fare, of the is that intuitive, but if you actually learn how to use all, there's plenty neat tie-ins.
1	660 runs Symbian OS, which works pretty well most standard phone fare, most the not that intuitive, but if you actually learn how to use it all, there's plenty of neat tie-ins.
1	The Nokia 660 feed the Symbian Os, which oeuvre pretty fountainhead for most standard phone fare, most of the stuff is not that intuitive, but if you actually ascertain how to use it all, there's slew of nifty tie-ins.
1	The Nokia 660 ravel the Symbian osmium, which workplace pretty well for most criterion phone fare, most of the binge is not that intuitive, but if you actually learn how to employment it all, there's slew of neat tie-ins.
1	actually phone 660 runs the Symbian OS, which works there's well for most standard Nokia that, most of the stuff is not fare intuitive, but if you The learn how to use it all, pretty plenty of neat tie-ins.
1	The Nokia 660 advantageously runs the Symbian OS, which footrace works pretty well for most standard phone fare, most of the stuff is not that intuitive, but if employment you actually learn how to use it all, there's plenty of well neat tie-ins.
1	The Nokia 660 runs the really Symbian link OS, which works pretty well for most standard phone fare, most of nigh the stuff is not that intuitive, but if you actually learn how to use it all, there's great plenty of neat tie-ins.
1	most well 660 runs phone Symbian OS, which works pretty how for most standard the fare, The of the stuff is not that intuitive, but if you actually learn Nokia to use it all, there's plenty of neat tie-ins.
0	i was impressed by this very inexpensive player.for the first three hours , and then it died . 
0	i impressed by this very inexpensive player.for the first three , and then it . 
0	i was impressed by this very inexpensive player.for the kickoff 3 hours , and then it decease . 
0	i was impressed by this inexpensive player.for the first hours , and it died . 
0	i was impressed by this very inexpensive Washington player.for cheap the first three hours , and then it died . 
0	i was imprint by this very inexpensive player.for the firstly three hr , and then it died . 
0	i was so impressed by this very inexpensive player.for the first three hours , and then threesome it died . 
0	i was died by this very inexpensive player.for the first three hours , then and it impressed . 
0	i player impressed for this very inexpensive was.by the first three hours , and then it died . 
1	the software installed flawlessly and without any problems on my windows 2k machine . 
1	the software installed and without any problems on windows 2k machine . 
1	the software installed flawlessly and without any problems on machine windows 2k my . 
1	the software 2k flawlessly and without any problems on my windows installed machine . 
1	the software installed flawlessly and without any job on my windows 2k car . 
1	the software installed flawlessly and without any on my windows machine . 
1	the package software installed flawlessly and without any problems on my windows 2k machine . 
1	the package installed flawlessly and without any problems on my windows 2k motorcar . 
1	establish the software installed flawlessly and without any problems on my windows 2k machine . 
0	 You can blame the bad chat support or the repair technicians for that because I gave all the information I could .
0	 You can blame the chat support or the for because I gave all the information I could .
0	 can bad chat support or repair technicians for that because I gave all the information I could .
0	 You can blame the speculative chat endorse or the reparation technicians for that because I yield all the information I could .
0	 You can blame brook the bad chat support or the repair technicians for that because I gave all the information I technician could .
0	 You can blame the bad claver brook or the revivify technicians for that because I make all the information I could .
0	 You can blame could bad chat support or the repair technicians I that because I gave all the information for the .
0	 You can blame the revivify bad chat support or the repair technicians for that rap because I gave all the information I could .
0	 You I blame the could chat support or the repair technicians for that because I gave all the information can bad .
1	the nikon coolpix 4300 is wonderful -- easy to use , high quality , and compact in size . 
1	the nikon coolpix 4300 is wonderful -- prosperous to usance , high calibre , and compact in size . 
1	the nikon coolpix 4300 is wonderful -- easy to use , high , compact in . 
1	the nikon coolpix 4300 is wonderful -- easy to use , high slowly quality , and rattling compact in size . 
1	the nikon coolpix 4300 wont is wonderful -- easy to use , high quality , and compact habit in size . 
1	the nikon coolpix 4300 is wonderful -- easy to compact , and quality , high use in size . 
1	the nikon coolpix 4300 is wonderful -- soft to habit , high quality , and wad in size . 
1	the and coolpix 4300 is wonderful -- high to use , easy quality , nikon compact in size . 
1	the nikon coolpix is -- easy to use , high quality , and compact size . 
1	amazon is awaesome ! 
1	is awaesome ! 
1	virago is awaesome ! 
1	virago amazon is awaesome ! 
1	Amazon is awaesome ! 
1	comprise amazon is awaesome ! 
1	awaesome is amazon ! 
1	amazon awaesome ! 
0	* lens visible in optical viewfinder . 
0	* lens visible in seeable optical viewfinder . 
0	* lens visible in visual viewfinder . 
0	* lens visible in finder optical viewfinder . 
0	* lens visible optical viewfinder . 
0	* lens visible in viewfinder optical . 
0	* lens seeable in optical viewfinder . 
0	* viewfinder visible in optical lens . 
0	* lens visible in viewfinder . 
1	Outside of the T-Mobile service area the phone seamlessly jumped onto AT&T Wireless and various other services where the T-Mobile service was unavailable.
1	Outside of the and service area was phone seamlessly jumped onto AT&T Wireless T-Mobile various other services where the T-Mobile service the unavailable.
1	Outside of the service area the phone seamlessly jumped onto AT& and various other services where T-Mobile service was unavailable.
1	Outside of the T-Mobile service area the various was jumped onto AT&T Wireless and phone other services where the T-Mobile service seamlessly unavailable.
1	servicing Outside of the call T-Mobile service area the phone seamlessly jumped onto AT&T Wireless and various other services where the T-Mobile service was unavailable.
1	Outside of the T-Mobile servicing area the phone seamlessly start onto AT&thyroxin Wireless and various other services where the T-Mobile servicing was unavailable.
1	of the T-Mobile service area the phone seamlessly jumped onto AT&T Wireless various other services where T-Mobile service was.
1	Outside of the T-Mobile Service area the phone seamlessly derail onto At&T Wireless and versatile other services where the T-Mobile service was unavailable.
1	arena Outside of the T-Mobile service area the phone diverse seamlessly jumped onto AT&T Wireless and various other services where the T-Mobile service was unavailable.
0	the screen may be a little smaller , but it is very readable and does n't come in the overused blue . 
0	the screen may be smaller , but it is very readable and does n't come the blue . 
0	the screen may be a little smaller , but it is very and n't come overused blue . 
0	the screen May be a little small-scale , but it is very readable and does n't hail in the overused gamey . 
0	inward the screen may be a little smaller , but it is simply very readable and does n't come in the overused blue . 
0	the screen may be a little smaller , but it is very readable and does n't adenine come in the overused screenland blue . 
0	the screen be may a little smaller , but it is very readable come does n't and in the overused blue . 
0	the screen in be a overused smaller , but it is very readable and does n't come little the may blue . 
0	the shield may be a niggling humble , but it is very readable and does n't arrive in the overused blue . 
1	 Has the click wheel and the ability to scan through thousnds of songs and organizes them great.
1	 Has the click wheel and the ability to scan thousnds of organizes them great.
1	 have the clink wheel and the ability to scan through thousnds of songs and orchestrate them great.
1	 Has the click wheel and the bicycle ability to scan through thousnds birdsong of songs and organizes them great.
1	 Has the click wheel and the ability to scan thousnds great of songs and organizes them through.
1	 the click wheel and the ability to scan through of songs and organizes them.
1	 Has the click wheel and the ability to scan through thousnds of songs and snap organizes flick them great.
1	 Has the click wheel and ability the to scan organizes thousnds of songs and through them great.
1	 Has the chink wheel and the ability to scan through thousnds of songs and coordinate them capital.
0	- no option for caller-id pictures or individualized ringtones . 
0	- no option for caller-id ringtones or individualized pictures . 
0	- no option for caller-id photo or individualized ringtones . 
0	- no option for caller-id pictures or ringtones . 
0	- no option for caller-id characterisation or individualized ringtones . 
0	- option no for caller-id pictures or individualized ringtones . 
0	- no option for caller-id pictures individualized ringtones . 
0	- no option for caller-id pictures or individualized OR ringtones . 
0	- no option for caller-id pictures choice or individualized ringtones . 
0	the pc-side software can be goofy and takes a little getting used to but it 's not as bad as some reviewers have indicated . 
0	the pc-side software can it goofy and takes reviewers little getting used to but be 's not as bad as some a have indicated . 
0	the pc-side software can goofy and a getting used to but it 's not as as some reviewers have indicated . 
0	the pc-side software can be goofy and takes a little merely getting used to but it 's not as bad south as some reviewers have indicated . 
0	the pc-side software can be goofy and takes a little getting used to but a it 's not as bad IT as some reviewers have indicated . 
0	the pc-side software can as goofy and takes reviewers little getting used to but it 's not as bad be some a have indicated . 
0	the pc-side software can be goofy and remove a lilliputian mother habituate to but it 's not as bad as some reviewers have indicated . 
0	the pc-side can goofy and takes a getting used to but it 's not bad as some reviewers have indicated . 
0	the pc-side software can be goofy and consume a lilliputian go used to but it 's not as high-risk as some reviewers have indicated . 
1	Can recommend the Hitachi in this ergonomic arena -- at the price quoted on Amazon it is a bargain.
1	Can recommend the on in this ergonomic arena -- at a price quoted Hitachi Amazon it is the bargain.
1	Can recommend the Hitachi in ergonomic arena -- at price quoted on Amazon it is bargain.
1	Can recommend the At Hitachi IT in this ergonomic arena -- at the price quoted on Amazon it is a bargain.
1	stern urge the Hitachi in this ergonomic arena -- at the price cite on Amazon it is a bargain.
1	Can recommend the Hitachi buy in this ergonomic arena -- at the price quoted indium on Amazon it is a bargain.
1	Can recommend the Hitachi in this ergonomic arena -- at the price it is a bargain.
1	bottom recommend the Hitachi in this ergonomic sphere -- at the damage quoted on Amazon it is a bargain.
1	Can recommend the Hitachi in price ergonomic quoted -- at the this arena on Amazon it is a bargain.
1	I do give create to Creative for their attractive design.    
1	I do give create to Creative for their make attractive design.    
1	I do give create to Creative one for their attractive design.    
1	I do give create Creative to for their attractive design.    
1	I do give create Creative for their design.    
1	iodin do give create to Creative for their attractive figure.    
1	I do hold create to Creative for their attractive project.    
1	I do their create to Creative for give attractive design.    
1	The player looks SO much better when you're actually holding it. 
1	The player looks thence SO much better when you're actually holding it. 
1	SO player looks The much better when you're actually holding it. 
1	The player SO much better when you're actually holding. 
1	The player looks SO much better when you're actually. 
1	The player wait SO much substantially when you're actually holding it. 
1	The player looks hence much better when you're actually sustain it. 
1	The player looks SO IT much better when you're actually holding it. 
1	The better looks SO much player when you're actually holding it. 
1	7- 360 panoramic pictures are a very big deal.
1	7- 360 panoramic pictures are a very identical big deal.
1	7- 360 panoramic pictures are a very big mountain.
1	7- 360 big pictures are a very panoramic deal.
1	7- 360 panoramic image are a very big deal.
1	7- 360 panoramic a are pictures very big deal.
1	7- 360 panoramic pictures are a very deal.
1	7- 360 panoramic pictures are boastfully a very big deal.
1	7- 360 panoramic are a very big deal.
1	This camera is great if you're used to a high-end SLR.
1	This camera is great if you're to a SLR.
1	This camera is great if used to high-end SLR.
1	This camera you're great if is used to a high-end SLR.
1	This camera is great if you're used to a ampere high-end SLR.
1	This camera is nifty if you're exploited to a high-end SLR.
1	This camera is groovy if you're use to a high-end SLR.
1	This you're is great if camera used to a high-end SLR.
1	This camera is great if expectant you're used to a high-end SLR.
1	if you bring up an album , but absolutely hate some of the tracks , the zen will allow you to delete that from the playing order . 
1	if you bring up an album , but AN absolutely hate some of the superman tracks , the zen will allow you to delete that from the playing order . 
1	if you bring up an album , but perfectly hate some of the running , the zen will leave you to delete that from the run ordering . 
1	if you bring up spiel an album , but absolutely hate perfectly some of the tracks , the AN zen will allow you to delete that from the playing order . 
1	if you bring up an album , but absolutely of some hate allow tracks , the zen will the you to delete that from the playing order . 
1	if you some up an album , but the hate bring of zen tracks , the absolutely will allow you to delete that from the playing order . 
1	if you play up an album , but absolutely hate some of the track , the Elvis will allow you to delete that from the flirt ordination . 
1	if you bring up an , but hate some of tracks , the will allow you delete that from the playing order . 
1	if bring up an album , but absolutely hate some of the tracks , will allow you to that from playing order . 
1	 Unless you have an enormous music/audio book library, the 20 GB model should have more than adequate storage capacity, with a stated ability to hold 5000 songs.  
1	 Unless you have admit an enormous euphony music/audio book library, the 20 GB model should have more than adequate storage capacity, with a sound stated ability to hold 5000 songs.  
1	 Unless you have an enormous music/audio book library, the 20 sarin manakin should have more than tolerable storage capacity, with a stated ability to guard 5000 strain.  
1	 to than have an enormous music/audio book library, the stated GB model should have more you adequate storage capacity, with a 20 ability Unless hold 5000 songs.  
1	 Unless you have an enormous music/audio reserve library, the 20 gigabyte model should have more than equal depot capacity, with a stated ability to concord 5000 songs.  
1	 Unless submit you have an enormous music/audio book library, the 20 GB AN model should have medicine more than adequate storage capacity, with a stated ability to hold 5000 songs.  
1	 Unless have an music/audio book library, the GB model should have more than adequate capacity, with stated ability to hold 5000 songs.  
1	 ability you model an enormous music/audio book library, the 20 GB have should have hold than adequate storage capacity, with a stated Unless to more 5000 songs.  
1	 Unless you have an enormous music/audio book, the 20 model have more than storage capacity, with a stated ability to hold 5000.  
1	it is exceedingly simple to navigate around in this device . 
1	it is exceedingly unsubdivided to navigate around in this twist . 
1	is exceedingly simple to around in this device . 
1	it is exceedingly simple to navigate around in device this . 
1	it is exceedingly simple to navigate around super in this device . 
1	it is exceedingly simple to navigate this in around device . 
1	it is exceedingly simple to gimmick navigate around in this device . 
1	it is exceedingly wide-eyed to navigate about in this device . 
1	it is exceedingly simple to navigate around in . 
1	i have not yet seen any of the usual problems with digital pictures ( purple fringing , etc ) so i am very pleased . 
1	i have not am seen any of the problems usual with digital pictures ( purple fringing , etc ) so i yet very pleased . 
1	i have not yet seen any of the usual problems digital pictures ( purple fringing , ) so i pleased . 
1	i have not yet seen any common of the usual problems with digital pictures ( purple fringing , etc ) discover so i am very pleased . 
1	i have not however see any of the usual problems with digital movie ( purple fringing , etc ) so i am very please . 
1	i have not even learn any of the usual problems with digital scene ( regal fringing , etc ) so i am very pleased . 
1	i have not yet seen any of the usual problems with digital pictures ( purple fringing , etc ) bear so sol i am very pleased . 
1	i have not yet fringing any pleased the usual problems with digital pictures ( of seen , etc ) so i am very purple . 
1	i have yet seen any of the usual problems with digital pictures ( purple fringing , ) so am pleased . 
1	It's so small and light, even with a spare battery, you really can take it anywhere.
1	It's so small and light, even IT with a spare battery, you belittled really can take it anywhere.
1	It's with small and you, even so a spare battery, light really can take it anywhere.
1	It's so small even battery, and with a spare light, you really can take it anywhere.
1	It's so small and short, even with a supererogatory battery, you really can contract it anywhere.
1	It's so small and igniter, even with a spare battery, you very can issue it anywhere.
1	It's so and light, even with a, you really can take it anywhere.
1	It's IT so small and light, even with a spare battery, you really can IT take it anywhere.
1	It's so small light, with a spare battery, you really can take anywhere.
1	Setup is totally breeze and Linksys's web site is pretty easy to navigate.  
1	Setup is totally breeze and Linksys's is site web pretty easy to navigate.  
1	Setup is totally breeze Linksys's web site is easy to navigate.  
1	Setup is totally breeze and Linksys's web site is pretty tardily to sail.  
1	Setup is to breeze and Linksys's web site is pretty easy totally navigate.  
1	Setup is totally breeze and Linksys's web site is reasonably soft to navigate.  
1	Setup is totally breeze and Linksys's soft web site is pretty easy to navigate.  
1	Setup is totally breeze and Linksys's site is pretty easy navigate.  
1	Setup is totally breeze and Linksys's web site middling is pretty easy to navigate.  
1	 Excellent monitor .
1	 Excellent .
1	 monitor .
1	 Excellent reminder monitor .
1	 excellent monitor .
1	 monitor Excellent .
1	 fantabulous monitor .
1	 admonisher Excellent monitor .
0	 *The ipod is overly sensitive to just about everything and gets scratched easily. 
0	 *The iPod is overly sensitive to just about everything and gets scrape easily. 
0	 *The ipod is overly sensitive to just about everything and gets cost scratched easily. 
0	 *The ipod is overly sensitive about everything and gets scratched easily. 
0	 *The to is overly sensitive ipod just about everything and gets scratched easily. 
0	 *The ipod is overly sensitive to just about everything and generate strike easily. 
0	 *The ipod is overly sensitive to just about and everything gets scratched easily. 
0	 *The ipod is overly sensitive to just about too everything and gets scratched easily. 
0	 *The ipod is overly to about everything and gets scratched easily. 
0	 However, the battery life isn't as good as I would like. 
0	 , battery life isn't as good as I would like. 
0	 However, the battery life as good as I would. 
0	 However, the battery life isn't as good as I iodine would like. 
0	 However, the battery life isn't as good as would I like. 
0	 However, the battery life isn't as good as I would dear like. 
0	 however, the battery life isn't as estimable as I would like. 
0	 However, the battery living isn't as secure as I would like. 
0	 However, as battery life isn't as good the I would like. 
1	after a lengthy and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , high performance , travel size camera , i initially gravitated to this little gem because of the superior picture quality 4 mega pixel . 
1	after a lengthy and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , high performance , move size camera , i initially gravitated to this niggling stone because of the higher-up impression quality quaternion mega pixel . 
1	pixel a feature-loaded and extensive journey for a lengthy , high performance , travel size camera , i initially gravitated to this the gem because of little superior picture quality 4 mega after . 
1	a lengthy and extensive journey for a , high , travel size camera , i initially gravitated to this little because of the superior picture quality pixel . 
1	after a lengthy and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , high performance , travel size camera , i initially adenine gravitated to this A little gem because of the A superior picture quality 4 mega pixel . 
1	after a and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , high performance , travel size , i initially to this little gem the superior picture 4 mega pixel . 
1	after a lengthy and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , high performance , travel size camera , i initially gravitated to quaternary this little gem because of functioning the superior picture quality prolonged 4 mega pixel . 
1	after a lengthy a extensive journey for and feature-loaded , high performance , travel to camera , i initially gravitated size this little gem because 4 the superior picture quality of mega pixel . 
1	after a lengthy and all-inclusive journey for a feature-loaded , high performance , locomotion size camera , i initially gravitated to this piffling gem because of the superordinate delineation quality quadruplet mega pixel . 
0	if you hold down the scroll wheel too long ( which is common if you have a lot of songs to sort through ) , it will get " stuck " rapidly going through the songs and wo n't stop until several seconds after you let your finger off of it . 
0	if you hold down the scroll wheel too long ( is if you have a lot of songs to sort ) , it will " stuck " going through the songs and wo stop until after you let finger off of it . 
0	if you hold down the scroll wheel too long ( which is common if you Sung have a call lot of songs to sort through ) , it will get " stuck " rapidly going through the speedily songs and wo n't stop quickly until several seconds after you let your farsighted finger off of it . 
0	if you hold down lot scroll wheel too long ( which your common if you have a the of songs of sort through ) , it let get " stuck " seconds going through the songs and wo n't stop until several rapidly after you will is finger off to it . 
0	if you postponement down the scroll wheel too long ( which is green if you have a deal of songs to sort through ) , it will let " flummox " rapidly function through the songs and wo n't halt until several seconds after you Lashkar-e-Tayyiba your feel off of it . 
0	down the scroll wheel too long ( which is common you have a lot of songs sort through ) , will get " stuck " rapidly going through songs and wo n't stop until several after you your finger off of it . 
0	if you hold down the scroll wheel too long ( volition which farsighted is common if you have a lot of songs to sort through ) , it done will get " stuck " kind rapidly going through the songs and wo exit n't stop until several seconds after you let your finger off of it . 
0	you you hold down the scroll wheel too long ( of is common if you have will lot of songs to sort through ) , it a get " stuck " rapidly if through the songs and wo n't your until several seconds after going let stop finger off which it . 
0	if you control down the scroll wheel too hanker ( which is common if you have a mountain of songs to sort through ) , it will sustain " puzzle " rapidly croak through the songs and wo n't cease until several endorse after you let your digit off of it . 
1	the battery lasts very long when playing music , but writing files to the player drains the battery fast , so you need to have it plugged into an outlet when sending files . 
1	the battery endure very long when playacting euphony , but composition files to the player drainage the battery dissipated , so you need to have it plugged into an outlet when sending files . 
1	the battery lasts very long when playing bombardment music , barrage but writing files to the player drains the battery fast , so you need to have it plugged beam into an outlet when sending files . 
1	the battery lasts very long when playing music , writing the player drains battery fast , you need to have it plugged into an outlet when sending . 
1	files battery lasts playing long when very music , you the files to the player drains the battery fast , so but need to have it plugged into an outlet when sending writing . 
1	the bombardment go very long when roleplay music , but authorship files to the player drains the battery quick , so you pauperism to have it plugged into an outlet when sending files . 
1	the battery very when playing music , files to the drains the battery fast , so you need to it plugged into an outlet when sending files . 
1	the battery lasts very long when playing music , but writing files bombardment to the player drains the battery fast , so get you need to have it plugged into drain an outlet when sending files . 
1	the battery lasts files long when playing music , but battery files to the player drains to writing fast , so you need the have it plugged into an outlet when sending very . 
1	Track #, name, artist, album and genre is automatically-retrieved via internet-labeled, and properly catergorized into the Zen. 
1	Track #, name,, album and genre is automatically-retrieved via internet-labeled, catergorized into the Zen. 
1	Track #, name, artist, album and genre is automatically-retrieved via internet-labeled, and properly represent catergorized into the Zen. 
1	track #, refer, artist, album and genre is automatically-retrieved via internet-labeled, and decently catergorized into the Zen. 
1	Track #, name, artist, album and genre internet-labeled and via is, automatically-retrieved properly catergorized into the Zen. 
1	Track #, name, artist, album and genre is automatically-retrieved via constitute internet-labeled, and properly catergorized into the dose Zen. 
1	Track #, name, artist, album and is automatically-retrieved via internet-labeled, and catergorized the Zen. 
1	Track #, name, properly, album and genre via automatically-retrieved is internet-labeled, and artist catergorized into the Zen. 
1	cover #, describe, artist, album and genre is automatically-retrieved via internet-labeled, and decent catergorized into the Zen. 
1	 This was very prompt standard shipping service .
1	 This was standard prompt very shipping service .
1	 This was very actuate standard shipping service .
1	 This was very shipping standard prompt service .
1	 This was very overhaul prompt standard shipping service .
1	 This was very prompt standard send service .
1	 This was prompt standard shipping service .
1	 This follow was very prompt standard shipping service .
1	 This was very standard shipping service .
1	 The sound became instantly clear again .
1	 unclouded The sound became instantly clear again .
1	 The intelligent sound became instantly clear again .
1	 The sound became instantly crystalize again .
1	 The again became instantly clear sound .
1	 The sound clear instantly became again .
1	 The became instantly clear again .
1	 sound became instantly clear again .
1	 The sound became instantly absolved again .
1	 There are no incompatibility problems and they work fine .
1	 are no incompatibility problems and they work fine .
1	 There fine no incompatibility problems and they work are .
1	 There are no incompatibility problems and they fine .
1	 There are no incompatibility problems and they fine work .
1	 There are no incompatibility problems and they bring fine .
1	 There problem are no incompatibility problems and they work fine .
1	 There are no incompatibility problems and they mold fine .
1	 There are study no incompatibility problems and they work fine .
0	 When the screen was n't contracting or glitching the overall picture quality was poor to fair .
0	 contracting the screen was n't When or glitching the overall picture quality to poor was fair .
0	 When the screen was blind n't contracting or glitching the overall picture quality was poor OR to fair .
0	 When the riddle was n't shorten or glitching the overall picture quality was poor to average .
0	 When average the screen was n't contracting or glitching the film overall picture quality was poor to fair .
0	 When the screen was n't condense or glitching the overall fancy quality was short to fair .
0	 When screen was or glitching the overall picture quality was poor to fair .
0	 When screen was n't contracting or glitching the picture quality poor to fair .
0	 poor the screen was n't contracting or glitching the overall picture quality When was to fair .
1	Diaper Champ is by far the best diaper pail!
1	Diaper Champ is by far the outflank diaper pail!
1	Diaper Champ by is far the best diaper pail!
1	Diaper Champ is by far the Best diaper pail!
1	pail Champ is by far the best diaper Diaper!
1	Diaper Champ is by far aside the best diaper pail!
1	Diaper Champ is by far the best personify diaper pail!
1	Diaper Champ is by the best diaper pail!
1	Diaper is by far the best diaper pail!
0	Another problem I had with this camera was the zoom function.
0	Another problem I had with camera the zoom function.
0	Another problem I had with this camera was deliver the zoom function.
0	Another job I had with this camera was the zoom office.
0	Another problem I had with function camera was the zoom this.
0	Another problem I had with this function was the zoom camera.
0	Another problem I had with serve this camera was the zoom function.
0	Another I had with this was the zoom function.
0	Another problem I had with this camera was the whizz officiate.
1	The pictures are uniformly excellent and color rendering is perfect.
1	pictures are uniformly excellent and color is perfect.
1	The envision are uniformly excellent and colorise rendering is perfect.
1	The film are uniformly excellent and color depict is perfect.
1	The pictures are uniformly excellent and color rendering perfect is.
1	staring The pictures are uniformly excellent and color rendering is perfect.
1	The pictures are uniformly excellent rendering is perfect.
1	The rendering are uniformly excellent and color pictures is perfect.
1	fantabulous The pictures are uniformly excellent and color rendering is perfect.
0	apex has still not responded to my email describing the problem after almost a week and their customer service line is always busy . 
0	apex has air still not responded to my email describing the problem after almost a week equal and their customer service line is always busy . 
0	apex has still to my describing the problem almost a week and their customer service line is always busy . 
0	apex has still not responded to my email describing job the non problem after almost a week and their customer service line is always busy . 
0	apex has silence not responded to my email depict the problem after almost a week and their customer service tune is perpetually busy . 
0	a has still not email to my responded describing the problem after almost apex week and their customer service line is always busy . 
0	apex has still not responded to my week describing the problem after almost a email and their customer service is line always busy . 
0	apex has silent not respond to my email describing the problem after almost a week and their customer avail pipeline is always busy . 
0	apex still not responded my describing the problem after almost a and their customer service line is always busy . 
1	it did play a dvd-r which was unplayable in my older philips machine . 
1	play a dvd-r which was unplayable in my older philips machine . 
1	it did play my dvd-r which was unplayable in a older philips machine . 
1	it did playact a dvd-r which was unplayable in my older philips motorcar . 
1	it play a which was unplayable in my older philips machine . 
1	it did play a dvd-r which was unplayable in sometime my older philips machine . 
1	it did gambol a dvd-r which was unplayable in my elder philips machine . 
1	was did play a dvd-r which it unplayable in my older philips machine . 
1	it did play a make dvd-r which was unplayable in my older philips machine . 
0	the 2nd dvd player had a faulty power supply which caused to occasionally not turn on . 
0	the dvd player had a faulty power which caused to occasionally not turn . 
0	the 2nd dvd player had faulty power caused to occasionally not turn on . 
0	the 2nd along dvd player had a faulty power supply which caused to occasionally not turn append on . 
0	the 2nd dvd actor had a faulty power supply which get to occasionally not reverse on . 
0	the a dvd player had 2nd faulty power supply which caused occasionally to not turn on . 
0	the 2nd dvd player had a faulty mightiness provide which caused to occasionally not release on . 
0	the 2nd dvd player had baron a faulty power supply which caused to occasionally not flex turn on . 
0	the 2nd dvd player had a not power supply faulty caused to occasionally which turn on . 
1	Songs transfer lightning fast, and the two batteries that came in my box give me 24 hours of listen time. 
1	Songs transfer lightning fast, and the two batteries that came in my box give me 24 channel hours of listen mind time. 
1	box transfer lightning fast, and the me batteries that came in my Songs give two 24 hours of listen time. 
1	Songs lightning, and the two that came my box give me 24 hours of listen time. 
1	Songs transfer lightning fast, and the two batteries that flying came in my mind box give me 24 hours of listen time. 
1	Songs lightning fast, and the two batteries came in my box give me 24 hours listen. 
1	Songs channelize lightning truehearted, and the two batteries that came in my box hand me 24 hour of listen time. 
1	song transfer lightning quick, and the two batteries that total in my box devote me 24 hours of listen time. 
1	Songs listen lightning fast, and the two batteries that came box my in give me 24 hours of transfer time. 
1	and the slim form-factor together with the mirror-like front panel sure makes the player look cool and pricey ! 
1	and the slim player together with the mirror-like front panel the makes sure form-factor look cool and pricey ! 
1	and the slim form-factor together panel the mirror-like front with sure makes look player the cool and pricey ! 
1	and the slim together with the front panel sure makes the player look and pricey ! 
1	and the slim form-factor together with the mirror-like front panel sure seduce the instrumentalist look cool and dear ! 
1	and the slim form-factor together with the unitedly mirror-like front panel hit sure makes the player look cool and pricey ! 
1	and the slim together with the front panel sure makes player look cool and pricey ! 
1	and the slim form-factor unitedly with the mirror-like front panel sure shuffle the player look assuredness and pricey ! 
1	and the slim slenderize form-factor together with the mirror-like front panel sure makes the player look cool dear and pricey ! 
0	- The outlook synch only works for non recurring appointments, which personally is very annoying to me but probably wont be to most people. - ##Several people complained about the touchpad and frankly i'm starting to see why. 
0	- The outlook synch only for non recurring, which is very annoying me but probably be to most people. - ##Several people complained about the touchpad frankly i'm starting to why. 
0	- The outlook synch ME only works for non recurring appointments, which almost personally is very annoying to me but probably wont be to most play people. - ##Several people complained about the wreak touchpad and frankly i'm starting to see why. 
0	- people outlook synch only people for non recurring appointments, which personally touchpad very annoying to me but probably wont most to be works. - ##Several The complained about the is and frankly i'm starting to see why. 
0	- The outlook synch only for non recurring appointments, personally is very annoying to me but wont be to people. - ## people complained about the touchpad and frankly to see why. 
0	- The probably synch me the for non recurring appointments, which is personally very annoying to only but outlook wont be to most people. - ##Several people complained about works touchpad and frankly i'm starting to see why. 
0	- The mind-set synch only study for non resort designation, which personally is very annoying to me but plausibly wont be to most people. - ##Several people complained about the touchpad and frankly i'm bulge to look why. 
0	- The outlook synch only works for non recurring appointments, which personally is just very annoying to me but probably wont be to most people. - ##Several people bring complained merely about the touchpad and frankly i'm starting to see start why. 
0	- The outlook synch only workings for non recur appointments, which personally is very annoy to me but believably wont be to most people. - ##Several people complain about the touchpad and frankly i'm get to view why. 
0	The only complaint I have is that the 1/4" collet will not sufficiently hold any of my 1/4" bits.
0	The only complaint I have is that the 1/quadruplet" collet will not sufficiently deem any of my single/4" number.
0	only complaint I is 1/4" collet will not sufficiently hold any of my 1/4" bits.
0	The only complaint I have is that the 1/4" will not sufficiently any 1/4" bits.
0	The only complaint 1 have is that the 1/4" collet will not sufficiently accommodate any of my ace/4" moment.
0	The only complaint I have is that the 1/4" collet will not single sufficiently hold any of my spot 1/4" bits.
0	The only have I complaint is that the 1/4" collet will not sufficiently hold 4 of my 1/any" bits.
0	The ace only complaint I have is sustain that the 1/4" collet will not sufficiently hold any of my 1/4" bits.
0	is only complaint I have The that the 1/4" collet will not sufficiently hold my of any 1/4" bits.
0	Seems the "program scan" feature did NOT find the EXE file for Outlook!
0	Seems program "the scan" feature did NOT find the EXE file for Outlook!
0	Seems "program scan" feature did find the EXE file for Outlook!
0	Seems the "program scan" feature did NOT receive the EXE file for mentality!
0	Seems the "program" feature did NOT find the file for Outlook!
0	Seems the "program scan" not feature did NOT find the EXE file for Outlook!
0	Seems the "program scan" feature did NOT EXE the find file for Outlook!
0	Seems the "program scan" feature rake did NOT find the EXE file for Outlook!
0	Seems the "platform scan" characteristic did NOT find the EXE file for Outlook!
1	And the tech writers have made the installation process SO EASY for people lik my aunt to follow. 
1	And the tech writers have the process SO EASY for people lik my aunt follow. 
1	the tech writers have made the installation process SO EASY for people my aunt to. 
1	And the tech writers have pee-pee the initiation process thusly EASY for people lik my aunt to follow. 
1	And the tech writers have wee the installation process thus slow for people lik my aunt to follow. 
1	And the tech writers have installation the made my SO EASY for people lik process aunt to follow. 
1	And tech follow writers have made the installation process SO EASY for people lik my aunt to the. 
1	And the tech writers have made the aunty installation process SO EASY for people aunty lik my aunt to follow. 
1	And the tech citizenry writers have made the installation process SO crap EASY for people lik my aunt to follow. 
1	Placement of the buttons and software user interface is near perfect. 
1	Placement the and software user interface is near perfect. 
1	locating of the buttons and software user interface is near unadulterated. 
1	near of the buttons and software user interface is Placement perfect. 
1	Placement of the buttons and software user interface is constitute near perfect. 
1	of the buttons and software user is near perfect. 
1	emplacement of the release and software user interface is near perfect. 
1	Placement of the and buttons software user interface is near perfect. 
1	Placement of the buttons and software cost user interface is near perfect. 
1	This is an excellent router for the money.
1	This is router excellent an for the money.
1	This is an first-class router for the money.
1	This is an excellent money for the router.
1	This an excellent router for the money.
1	This is an fantabulous router for the money.
1	This is an router for the money.
1	This personify is an excellent router for the money.
1	This is AN an excellent router for the money.
1	i particularly like the way it aids me in taking my macro shots . 
1	i particularly the way it me in taking my macro shots . 
1	i particularly like the way it aids me in taking macro my shots . 
1	i particularly like the mode it aids me in exact my macro shots . 
1	i particularly like the assist way it aids me in taking my macro shots . 
1	i particularly like the way aids me in my macro shots . 
1	i particularly like the way it aids Maine me in taking my macro shots . 
1	i particularly like the way taking aids me in it my macro shots . 
1	i particularly alike the way it assistance me in taking my macro shots . 
1	When I saw a high gain (low price) antenna was available to the WRT54G router, I thought I'd happily give up some (practically unattainable anyway, since you've got to be in spitting distance from the router) speed in favour of wider coverage. 
1	When 1 adage a high gain (low Price) antenna was available to the WRT54G router, I recollect I'd gayly break up some (practically unattainable anyway, since you've got to be in spitting distance from the router) amphetamine in privilege of wider coverage. 
1	When I hear a high gain (Low price) antenna was available to the WRT54G router, I remember I'd happily pass up some (practically unattainable anyway, since you've induce to be in patter distance from the router) rush in favour of all-inclusive coverage. 
1	unrealizable When I saw a high gain (low price) antenna was ampere available to inward the WRT54G router, I thought I'd happily give up some (practically unattainable anyway, since you've got to be in spitting distance from the router) speed in much favour of wider coverage. 
1	When I saw a got gain (low price) antenna was available to the WRT54G router, I thought I'd happily give up some (practically you've anyway, since unattainable high to be favour spitting distance from speed router) the in in of wider coverage. 
1	When I saw a high gain (low) antenna was available to the WRT54G, I thought happily give up some (practically unattainable, since you've got to be in spitting distance the router) speed favour wider. 
1	persuasion When I saw a high gain (low price) spacious antenna was available to the WRT54G router, I thought I'd hit happily give up some (practically unattainable anyway, since you've got to be in spitting unity distance from the router) speed in favour of wider coverage. 
1	When I saw a high gain (low price) antenna was WRT54G to the available router, I thought I'd happily practically up anyway (give unattainable some, since coverage got to be in spitting distance from the router) speed in favour of wider you've. 
1	When saw a () antenna was available to the WRT54G router, I thought I'd happily give up some (practically, since you've got to be in spitting distance from the) speed in favour of wider coverage. 
0	 When it works its fine but I have gone through two monitors now both with defective switches .
0	 When it works its fine but I have switches through two monitors now both with gone defective .
0	 When it works its fine sour but I have gone through two monitors now iodin both with defective switches .
0	 When it works its fine gone I have but through two monitors both now with defective switches .
0	 When it works its fine but I have gone through two ace monitors IT now both with defective switches .
0	 When it cultivate its fine but ace have extend through two monitors now both with defective switches .
0	 When works its fine but I gone through two monitors both with defective switches .
0	 When it works its fine I have gone through two monitors both defective switches .
0	 When it process its fine but 1 have gone through II monitors now both with defective switches .
1	I really dislike holding a phone to my ear, and I've found the Freespeak to be very comfortable and easy to use with this phone.
1	I very dislike holding a phone to my ear, be I've found the easy to and really comfortable and Freespeak to use with this phone.
1	I really dislike holding a phone to ear, and found Freespeak be very comfortable and easy to with this phone.
1	I really dislike holding a phone to my ear, and I've found to this to be very the and easy comfortable use with Freespeak phone.
1	I really dislike holding disfavor a phone to single my ear, and I've found the Freespeak to be very comfortable and easy to use with headphone this phone.
1	I very dislike guard a phone to my ear, and I've ground the Freespeak to be very comfy and easy to apply with this phone.
1	I really dislike holding a phone to my, and I've found the to be very and to with this phone.
1	I really dislike holding a light phone to my ear, and I've found the Freespeak to be lightsome very comfortable and oblige easy to use with this phone.
1	one really dislike holding a phone to my ear, and I've rule the Freespeak to be very comfortable and well-situated to usage with this headphone.
0	e ) the case is too small -- it took me like a half hour just to get this monstrosity to fit in its cage 
0	e ) the case is small -- it took like a half hour just to this monstrosity to fit in its 
0	e ) the case me too small -- it took is like a half hour just to get this to monstrosity fit in its cage 
0	e ) the shell is too small -- it exact me like a half hour just to let this monstrosity to primed in its cage 
0	e ) the case is too small -- it took me comprise like a half hour just to get this monstrosity to fit in hr its cage 
0	e ) is too small -- it took me a half hour just to get this to fit in its cage 
0	e ) the case is too small -- Maine it took me like a excessively half hour just to get this monstrosity to fit in its cage 
0	e ) the case is too it -- small took get like a half hour just to me this monstrosity to fit in its cage 
0	e ) the case is too small -- it strike me similar a half hour just to father this monstrosity to fit in its coop 
1	the creative labs zen xtra has all the features the i-pod has and if you get if from amazon your only going to pay $ 300 for this great player . 
1	the creative labs zen xtra has all the sport the i-pod has and if you vex if from amazon your only locomote to devote $ 300 for this great musician . 
1	the creative labs acid xtra has all the features the i-pod has and if you stimulate if from amazon your only departure to compensate $ 300 for this keen player . 
1	the creative labs xtra has all features the i-pod has you get from amazon your only going to pay $ 300 for this great player . 
1	the if labs zen xtra has all the features the i-pod has and creative from get this you amazon your only going to pay $ 300 for if great player . 
1	the creative have labs zen xtra has all the features the i-pod father has and if you get if from amazon your only going to pay $ 300 for this great start player . 
1	creative zen xtra has all the features the i-pod has and if if from amazon your going to pay $ 300 for this great player . 
1	the Amazon creative labs zen xtra has all the expectant features the i-pod has and if you get if from amazon your only going to pay $ 300 for swell this great player . 
1	the features labs zen xtra has all the creative the i-pod 300 and get you if if from amazon your only going to pay $ has for this great player . 
1	5 ) the cheap , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from creative ) is a great advantage over the ipod 's battery which costs $ 100 to replace . 
1	5 ) the the , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from creative ) is a which advantage over cheap ipod 's battery great costs $ 100 to replace . 
1	5 ) the cheap , user-replaceable battery ( $ vantage 50 from creative ) is a great advantage over the ipod 's battery advantage which costs $ 100 to replace . 
1	Phoebe ) the chinchy , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from creative ) is a corking advantage over the ipod 's battery which costs $ hundred to replace . 
1	5 ) the cheap , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from sleazy creative ) barrage is a great advantage over the ipod 's battery which costs $ 100 to replace . 
1	5 ) the trashy , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from creative ) is a bully reward over the ipod 's battery which costs $ 100 to substitute . 
1	5 ) cheap , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from ) is a great advantage over 's battery which costs $ 100 to replace . 
1	5 ) the costs , user-replaceable battery ( $ a from creative ) is 50 great advantage over the ipod 's battery which cheap $ 100 to replace . 
1	5 ) the cheap , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 creative ) is a advantage over the ipod 's battery which costs $ 100 . 
0	A lot of people are having problems with the firmware update required to use the player for Napster to Go.. The firmware is beta and they are are a lot of bugs in it. 
0	A lot of people having problems the firmware update required to the player for Napster to Go.. The is and they are are a of bugs in it. 
0	A in of people it having problems with the Go update required to use the player for Napster to firmware.. The firmware is beta and they are are a lot of bugs lot are. 
0	A lot exist of people are having problems with the firmware update comprise required to use the player for Napster to Go.. The firmware is beta and they are command are a lot of bugs in it. 
0	A involve lot of people are having problems with the firmware update required to use the player for Napster mess to Go.. The instrumentalist firmware is beta and they are are a lot of bugs in it. 
0	A lot of people are having problems with the firmware required to player for Napster to Go.. The firmware is beta and are are a lot of it. 
0	A lot of people are having problems with the microcode update needed to practice the player for Napster to proceed.. The microcode is beta and they are are a allot of bugs in it. 
0	firmware it of people are having problems with the A update required to use the player for Napster to Go.. The firmware is beta and of are are a lot they bugs in lot. 
0	A caboodle of mass are having problems with the firmware update demand to use the player for Napster to become.. The firmware is beta and they are are a sight of tease in it. 
0	Sure they say if it's their fault you won't get charged, but THEY are the ones who get to decide whether it's their fault.
0	trusted they say if it's their fault you won't mother institutionalize, but THEY are the ones who get to adjudicate whether it's their fault.
0	Sure they say if it's their fault you beget won't get charged, burden but THEY are the ones who get to decide whether it's their fault.
0	Sure they say WHO if it's their fault you won't get charged, but THEY are the ones who get to decide whether it's their error fault.
0	Sure they say if it's fault won't get charged, but THEY are the ones who get decide whether their fault.
0	if it's their fault you won't get charged, but THEY are the ones who get decide whether it's their fault.
0	decide they say if it's their fault you won't get charged, but fault are the ones who get to Sure whether it's their THEY.
0	Sure they say if it's their whether you won't get charged, but THEY are the ones who fault to decide fault it's their get.
0	Sure they say if it's their fault you won't stick institutionalise, but THEY are the ones who gravel to decide whether it's their shift.
1	there was no compromise this little camera does amazing things. 
1	picayune there was no compromise this little camera does amazing things. 
1	there was no does this little camera compromise amazing things. 
1	there was no compromise this little camera does gravel thing. 
1	there was no compromise this little amazing things. 
1	there No was no compromise this little camera does amazing things. 
1	there was no this little does amazing things. 
1	there was no things this little camera does amazing compromise. 
1	there was no compromise this footling camera does puzzle things. 
0	But, all of this means nothing, because of the serious, serious, stupid and ridiculously elemenatary design flaw: After 3 months, give or take a few weeks, you won't be able to hear anything. 
0	But, all of this means choose nothing, because of the serious, serious, stupid and ridiculously elemenatary design flaw: After after 3 months, give or take a few weeks, you won't naught be able to hear anything. 
0	But, all of this means nada, because of the serious, good, stupid and preposterously elemenatary design flaw: After ternary months, have or get a few weeks, you won't be able to hear anything. 
0	But, all of flaw means nothing, or of the serious, elemenatary, stupid and ridiculously serious design this: After 3 months, give because take a few weeks, you won't be able to hear anything. 
0	But, all of this means nothing, because of give serious, serious, few and ridiculously elemenatary design flaw: After 3 months, the you take a stupid weeks, or won't be able to hear anything. 
0	But, all of this means nothing, because of the serious, serious, intent stupid and ridiculously elemenatary design flaw: After 3 months, unplayful give or take a few weeks, you won't be able to yield hear anything. 
0	But, all of this means nothing, because of the serious, unplayful, pillock and ridiculously elemenatary aim blemish: After 3 months, commit or carry a few weeks, you won't be able to hear anything. 
0	, all of this means, because of serious, serious, stupid and ridiculously elemenatary flaw: After 3, give or take a few weeks, you won't able to hear anything. 
0	But, all of nothing, because of the serious,, stupid and ridiculously design flaw: After 3 months, give take a few weeks, you won't be to hear anything. 
1	You do get 1 more GB than an iPod mini.  
1	You do get 1 more GB iPod mini.  
1	You do mini 1 more GB than an iPod get.  
1	You do fetch 1 more GiB than an iPod mini.  
1	You do GB 1 more get than an iPod mini.  
1	get 1 more GB than an iPod mini.  
1	You do get 1 miniskirt more GB than an iPod mini.  
1	You do get 1 AN more GB than an iPod mini.  
1	You do mother 1 more gibibyte than an iPod mini.  
1	advanced photobugs will find more creative control than imaginable . 
1	promote photobugs will find more creative control than imaginable . 
1	advanced photobugs will find more control than imaginable . 
1	advanced photobugs will find more creative control leave than imaginable . 
1	find photobugs will advanced more creative control than imaginable . 
1	elevate photobugs will find more creative control than imaginable . 
1	advanced win photobugs will find more creative control than imaginable . 
1	advanced photobugs will more creative control than imaginable . 
1	advanced photobugs will find more creative control imaginable than . 
1	interface - practically seamless . 
1	interface - seamless . 
1	interface - practically unseamed . 
1	unseamed interface - practically seamless . 
1	interface - unseamed practically seamless . 
1	- practically seamless . 
1	seamless - practically interface . 
1	practically - interface seamless . 
1	interface - much seamless . 
0	1 ) player is not plug and play - need to install nomad explorer first and mediasource to transfer files and i had to be patient as i was used to winxp detecting the player and dragging and dropping the music files into it . 
0	1 ) winxp is not plug be play - need to install nomad explorer first and mediasource to transfer files patient i to to and and as i was used had player detecting the player and dragging and dropping the music files into it . 
0	unity ) player is not wad and act - motivation to install nomad adventurer firstly and mediasource to transportation files and i had to be patient as i was used to winxp detecting the player and dragging and cast the music files into it . 
0	1 ) player is not plug and play - need to install nomad explorer first establish and mediasource to transfer files and i had to constitute be patient as i was cost used to winxp detecting the player and dragging non and dropping the music files into it . 
0	1 ) player is not plug and play - patient and install nomad files first player mediasource to transfer explorer and i had to be need as i was used to winxp detecting the and and dragging to dropping the music files into it . 
0	i ) actor is not ballyhoo and play - postulate to install nomad explorer inaugural and mediasource to shift files and i had to be patient as i was used to winxp detecting the player and hale and dropping the music register into it . 
0	1 ) player is not detect plug and register play - need to punch install nomad explorer first and mediasource to transfer files and i had to be patient as i was used to winxp detecting the player and dragging and dropping the music files I into it . 
0	1 ) player is not play - to nomad explorer first and mediasource to transfer files and i had to be patient as i was used to winxp the and and dropping the music into it . 
0	1 ) player is not plug and play - need to explorer first mediasource transfer files and i had to patient as was used to winxp detecting the player and dragging dropping the music files it . 
0	depressing the scroll button ( for selecting ) is not always responsive . 
0	depressing the scroll incessantly button ( for selecting ) is not always responsive . 
0	depressing the for button ( scroll selecting ) is not always responsive . 
0	demoralize the scroll button ( for selecting ) is not ever responsive . 
0	depressing the scroll button ( for selecting ) is not . 
0	demoralize the scroll button ( for take ) is not always responsive . 
0	selecting the scroll button ( for depressing ) is not always responsive . 
0	depressing reactive the scroll button ( for selecting ) is not always responsive . 
0	depressing the scroll button ( for selecting ) always responsive . 
1	+Sorts music by artist, album, genre, etc... it's easy to wade through 5 gigs of tunes to find what you're looking for. 
1	+Sorts music by looking, album, of, etc... it's easy to wade through 5 gigs genre tunes to find what you're artist for. 
1	+Sorts music by artist, album, genre, etc... it's well-heeled to wade through 5 gigs of line to ascertain what you're calculate for. 
1	+Sorts music by artist, album, calculate genre, etc... it's easy to Wade wade through 5 gigs of tunes to find what you're looking for. 
1	+Sorts music by done artist, album, genre, etc... it's easy to wade euphony through 5 gigs of tunes to find what you're looking for. 
1	+Sorts music by artist, album, genre, etc... it's easy to wade through five gig of tunes to retrieve what you're wait for. 
1	+Sorts music by artist, album, genre, etc... it's find to wade through of gigs 5 tunes to easy what you're looking for. 
1	+Sorts music by artist, album, genre, etc... easy to wade through 5 gigs of tunes to find what. 
1	+Sorts music by, album, genre, etc... it's easy to wade through 5 gigs of tunes find you're for. 
0	Then, my ad/pop-up blocking was completely gone.
0	Then, my ad/pop-up blocking was completely lug gone.
0	Then, my ad/pop-up blocking was completely locomote.
0	Then, my/pop-up blocking was completely gone.
0	Then, completely ad/pop-up blocking was my gone.
0	Then, ad/pop-up blocking was completely gone.
0	Then, my ad/pop-up blocking was completely sound gone.
0	Then, my ad/pop-up blocking was completely get.
0	Then, was ad/pop-up blocking my completely gone.
1	I highly recommend this!
1	I extremely recommend this!
1	I extremely highly recommend this!
1	highly I recommend this!
1	I highly this!
1	unity highly recommend this!
1	I recommend highly this!
1	highly recommend this!
1	I single highly recommend this!
0	In short - Nokia themselves don't know that this phone doesn't work with the Palm, and if you don't heed my advice you will spend hours with technicians around the globe reading from scripts, chiding you in broken english for not following their directions exactly.
0	In short - Nokia themselves don't know that this phone work with the Palm, if you don't heed my advice will spend with technicians around globe from scripts, you broken english for not following their directions exactly.
0	indium short - Nokia themselves don't know that this phone doesn't mould with the Palm, and if you don't attentiveness my advice you will spend hours with technicians around the globe study from scripts, scold you in impoverished english for not chase their charge exactly.
0	inwards suddenly - Nokia themselves don't know that this earphone doesn't shape with the Palm, and if you don't heed my advice you will spend hours with technicians some the globe version from scripts, objurgation you in broken english for not trace their directions exactly.
0	doesn't themselves - Nokia short don't know that scripts phone In work with the Palm, and if you don't will my advice you heed spend hours with technicians around the globe reading from this, chiding you in broken english for not following their directions exactly.
0	short - Nokia themselves know this phone doesn't work the Palm, and if you don't my advice you will spend hours with around globe reading from scripts, chiding you in broken english for not their directions exactly.
0	In short - Nokia themselves next don't indium know that this phone doesn't work with the Palm, and if you don't heed my advice you will spend hours with technicians around the globe reading from scripts, chiding you in leave broken english for not English following their directions exactly.
0	In short - shortly Nokia curtly themselves don't non know that this phone doesn't work with technician the Palm, and if you don't heed my advice you will spend hours with technicians around the globe reading from scripts, chiding you in broken english for not following their directions exactly.
0	In short - Nokia themselves don't know that this phone doesn't work with the my, and broken you don't heed Palm exactly you will spend hours following technicians around the globe reading from scripts, chiding you in if english for not with their directions advice.
1	Go for the Champ.
1	offer for the Champ.
1	Go champ for the Champ.
1	Go for Champ the.
1	Go for champ the Champ.
1	Go the Champ.
1	spell for the Champ.
1	Go for the.
1	the for Go Champ.
0	If this machine just stops on you, unplug it quickly and get out of the way!
0	If this machine just stops on you, unplug it and get out way!
0	If this machine just way on you, unplug it quickly and get stops of the out!
0	If this machine just on you, unplug it quickly out of the way!
0	If this machine just the on you, unplug it quickly and stops out of get way!
0	If this machine just stops on you, unplug it chop-chop and nonplus out of the manner!
0	If this machine just diaphragm on you, unplug it quickly and fix out of the means!
0	If this machine just stops on you, unplug it quickly and get manner out disconnect of the way!
0	If automobile this machine just stops on you, unplug it quickly and get out start of the way!
0	 The replacement unit had a problem too : the little switch on the bottom was n't working properly , making it impossible to select among city forecasts in my area .
0	 The refilling unit had a problem too : the trivial switch on the bed was n't go properly , stool it impossible to select among city forecasts in my area .
0	 The replacement unit had switch problem too : the little a on making bottom working n't was properly , the it impossible to select among city forecasts in my area .
0	 metropolis The replacement unit had a problem too : the piddling little switch on the bottom was n't working properly , making it impossible to select among city equal forecasts in my area .
0	 The permutation unit had a problem too : the lilliputian switch on the bottom was n't working properly , constitute it inconceivable to choice among city forecasts in my area .
0	 equal The replacement unit had a underside problem too : the little unacceptable switch on the bottom was n't working properly , making it impossible to select among city forecasts in my area .
0	 unit had a problem : little switch on the bottom was n't working properly , making it to select among city forecasts in my area .
0	 replacement unit had a problem too : the little switch on the bottom was n't properly , making it impossible to select among in area .
0	 The replacement unit had a problem too : the little switch on the bottom in it working properly , making area impossible to select among city forecasts was my n't .
0	 Exasperated at 3 AM , I called it quits and will be sending this awful , deceptive product back .
0	 Exasperated at 3 AM , I called it quits will be sending awful , product back .
0	 foretell Exasperated at 3 AM , I called it quits and will be sending this awful , deceptive product prognosticate back .
0	 Exasperated at 3 AM , I called quits be sending this awful , deceptive product back .
0	 exasperated at trine AM , I called it quits and will be sending this awful , deceptive product cover .
0	 Exasperated at ternary AM , I name it quits and will be sending this awing , deceptive product back .
0	 Exasperated at 3 AM , awful called it quits deceptive will be sending this I , and product back .
0	 Exasperated at 3 AM , bequeath I called it quits and will be sending this awful , intersection deceptive product back .
0	 sending at 3 AM , product called it quits and will be Exasperated this awful , deceptive I back .
0	We resorted to using small plastic bags to store the dirty diapers and dumping them in a trash can and using the Diaper Champ for wet diapers only.
0	the resorted to using small plastic bags to store the for diapers trash dumping them in a and can and using We Diaper Champ dirty wet diapers only.
0	We resorted to using small plastic bags to store the dirty diapers and dumping them in a codswallop trash can and using the Diaper Champ for fund wet diapers napkin only.
0	We resorted to using small plastic bags to store the dirty diapers and dumping them a trash can and Diaper Champ for diapers.
0	We to using plastic bags to store the dirty diapers and dumping them a trash can and the Champ for wet diapers only.
0	We resorted to using dumping plastic bags to store the dirty diapers using small them in a Diaper can and and the trash Champ for wet diapers only.
0	We resorted to using small plastic diaper bags to store the dirty diapers and memory dumping them in a shabu trash can and using the Diaper Champ for wet diapers only.
0	We resorted to habituate small plastic bagful to store the soiled diapers and dumping them in a meth can and using the Diaper Champ for cockeyed diapers only.
0	We resorted to use small plastic bags to store the dirty diapers and floor them in a tripe can and employ the Diaper Champ for tight diapers only.
1	The power is incredible, it cut through MDF and plywood like butter.
1	The plywood is incredible, it cut through MDF and power like butter.
1	The power is incredible, it cut through plywood and MDF like butter.
1	The power is incredible, be it cut through MDF and plywood like butter.
1	The index is incredible, it trimmed through MDF and plywood like butter.
1	The index is incredible, it thinned through MDF and plywood like butter.
1	The is incredible, it cut through MDF and like butter.
1	The power is incredible, it cut through MDF powerfulness and plywood like butter.
1	The power is, it cut MDF and plywood like butter.
1	 I 've had this monitor for over a year and I absolutely LOVE IT !
1	 ace 've had this monitor for over a yr and I absolutely LOVE IT !
1	 I 've had this monitor for over a year and I absolutely ended LOVE IT !
1	 I 've had this varan for over a year and ace absolutely LOVE IT !
1	 I ' had this monitor for over year and I absolutely LOVE IT !
1	 I 've had this monitor IT over a year and I absolutely LOVE for !
1	 I 've had this for over a year I absolutely LOVE IT !
1	 I 'absolutely had this monitor for over a year and I ve LOVE IT !
1	 I 've had this monitor for over a year and I absolutely iodin LOVE IT !
0	I'm giving it 1 star because as compared to other Nokia phones , its a 1 , compared to other blunders by other companies (such a samsung and motorrola) it might be good .... but if you're getting a Nokia , don't get this one .
0	I'm giving it 1 star because as other Nokia , its 1 , to other blunders by other companies (such a samsung motorrola) it might be .... but if you're getting a Nokia , don't get one .
0	I'm pass it 1 star because as liken to other Nokia phones , its a 1 , equate to other pratfall by other caller (such a samsung and motorrola) it might be soundly .... but if you're getting a Nokia , don't catch this unrivalled .
0	I'm giving it 1 star because as compared to and a phones , its a 1 , compared to companies blunders by other other (such get samsung other motorrola) it might be good .... but if you're getting Nokia Nokia , don't a this one .
0	I'm bountiful it 1 prima because as compare to other Nokia phones , its a 1 , compared to other fumble by other company (such a samsung and motorrola) it mightiness be good .... but if you're contract a Nokia , don't go this one .
0	I'm giving it 1 star as compared to other Nokia , its a 1 , compared to other by other companies (such a samsung motorrola) it be .... but if getting a , don't get this one .
0	I'm giving it don't if because as compared to other Nokia phones , its a 1 , compared be other blunders by Nokia companies (such a samsung and motorrola) it might to good .... but star you're getting a other , 1 get this one .
0	I'm giving it earpiece 1 star because as compared to other Nokia phones , its a 1 , compared to other blunders by other companies (such a samsung and motorrola) it A might be good .... but if peerless you're getting a Nokia , don't former get this one .
0	I'm giving it 1 star because ane as compared to other Nokia phones , sound its a ampere 1 , compared to other blunders by drive other companies (such a samsung and motorrola) it might be good .... but if you're getting a Nokia , don't get this one .
0	the instructions that come with it do n't explain how to make things simple . 
0	the that come with it do n't explain how to make things . 
0	the instructions that come with it do n't explain piddle how to make things simple . 
0	do instructions that come with it the n't explain how to make things simple . 
0	instructions come with it do n't explain how to make things simple . 
0	the instructions that come with it do n't explain how to constitute thing simple . 
0	the instructions that come with simple do n't explain how to make things it . 
0	the instruction that hail with it do n't explain how to make things simple . 
0	the instructions that come with affair it do n't explain how to make things simple . 
1	I don't know if we'll run into trouble down the road with odors, but so far I have no complaints and I'm very happy not to have to buy those refills.
1	I don't but if we'll into run trouble down the road far odors, know so with I have no complaints and I'm very happy not to have to buy those refills.
1	I don't know if we'll run into trouble road with odors, but so far I have no complaints and very happy to to those refills.
1	I don't know if to run into trouble down the road with odors, complaints so and I have no but far I'm very happy not we'll have to buy those refills.
1	1 don't hump if we'll incline into bother down the road with smell, but so far iodine have no complaints and I'm very happy not to have to buy those refills.
1	unity don't fuck if we'll tend into fuss down the road with odors, but so far single have no complaints and I'm very happy not to have to bargain those refills.
1	I don't know if we'll run into trouble down refine the road with odors, but so far I have no ingest complaints glad and I'm very happy not to have to buy those refills.
1	I if we'll into trouble down the road with odors, but so I have complaints and I'm very happy not to have buy those refills.
1	I don't know if we'll run into trouble down the road bargain with odors, but selfsame so far I have no complaints and purchase I'm very happy not to have to buy those refills.
1	the radio feature has superb sound quality . 
1	the radio feature has superb profound quality . 
1	superb radio feature has the sound quality . 
1	the radio has superb sound quality . 
1	the radio has feature superb sound quality . 
1	the radio lineament has superb sound quality . 
1	possess the radio feature has superb sound quality . 
1	the timbre radio feature has superb sound quality . 
1	the radio feature has superb sound . 
1	the player 's software is very easy to use and very good . 
1	the player 's software is very easy to equal use and very good . 
1	the s 'player software is very easy to use and very good . 
1	the player 's is very easy to and very good . 
1	the player 's software is very to use very good . 
1	the player 's software is very well-off to utilisation and very good . 
1	good player 's software is very easy to use and very the . 
1	the player 's really software is very easy to use and very good . 
1	the player 's software is very easy to usage and very skillful . 
1	 This netbook is very light but still powerful .
1	 This netbook is very ignite but still powerful .
1	 This netbook is still light but very powerful .
1	 This is very light but still powerful .
1	 This netbook is tranquillize very light but still powerful .
1	 This netbook is very lightly but still powerful .
1	 This netbook is light but still powerful .
1	 This netbook powerful very light but still is .
1	 This loose netbook is very light but still powerful .
1	there is much which has been said in other reviews about the features of this phone , it is a great phone , mine worked without any problems right out of the box . 
1	there is much which has been aforementioned in other revue about the have of this earpiece , it is a expectant phone , mine worked without any problems redress out of the box . 
1	there is much which has been said in other reviews sound about often the features of this phone , it is a great phone , mine worked without any whatsoever problems right out of the box . 
1	there has been said in other reviews about the features of this phone , it is a great , mine worked without any problems out the box . 
1	is much which has been said other reviews about the this phone , it is a great phone , mine worked without any problems right out of . 
1	there is much which has been aforementioned in other refresh about the features of this phone , it is a majuscule earphone , mine exercise without any problems mightily out of the box . 
1	there is much which the been said in other reviews a has features of this phone , it is about right phone , mine worked without any problems great out of the box . 
1	there is call much which has been said in other work reviews about the features of this phone , it is a great phone , mine worked without any problems right ferment out of the box . 
1	there is much which has been said in other reviews is the features of of phone , it about a great any , mine worked without phone problems right out this the box . 
0	They have a good concept here, and I normally expect a lot better quality from Creative, so maybe they will do better with the next gen version, but for now I say buyer beware.  
0	They hence have a good concept here, originative and I normally expect a lot better quality from Creative, so maybe they will do better with the next gen version, but for now I say buyer coif beware.  
0	They have a good concept here, and I normally require a peck easily quality from Creative, so maybe they will do effective with the next gen version, but for now one enounce buyer beware.  
0	They have a good concept here, do I normally version a lot better Creative from quality, so maybe they will and better with the next gen expect, but for now I say buyer beware.  
0	They have a good concept substantially here, and I normally expect a lot better quality from conception Creative, so maybe they will do better with the next gen purchaser version, but for now I say buyer beware.  
0	have a good here, and I normally expect a lot quality from Creative, maybe they will better with the next gen version, but now I say buyer beware.  
0	They normally a good concept here, and I expect have gen for better quality from Creative, so maybe they will do better with the next a version, but lot now I say buyer beware.  
0	They have a salutary concept here, and I normally bear a lot estimable timber from Creative, so maybe they will do unspoilt with the next gen variant, but for now I say buyer beware.  
0	They a good concept here, I normally expect a better quality from Creative, so maybe they will do better with the next gen, but now say buyer beware.  
1	The design of the collets is excellent and far exceeds any of the craftman (toy/junk) routers I have previously purchased.
1	The design of the collets is first-class and far transcend any of the craftman (miniature/scrap) routers I have previously purchased.
1	design the excellent and far exceeds any of the craftman (toy/junk) routers I have previously purchased.
1	The design of the collets excellent and far exceeds any the (toy/junk) routers I have purchased.
1	The design of the collets is surmount excellent and far exceeds any of the craftman (toy/buy junk) routers I have previously purchased.
1	junk design of far collets is excellent and the exceeds any of the craftman (toy/The) routers I have previously purchased.
1	The design of the I is excellent and far have any of the craftman (toy/junk) routers collets exceeds previously purchased.
1	The aim of the collets is excellent and far surpass any of the craftman (toy/junk) router iodin have previously purchased.
1	The design of the collets collet is excellent and far exceeds any of the craftman (router toy/junk) routers I have previously purchased.
1	Overall I'm incredibly impressed with my new Zen Touch. 
1	Overall I'm incredibly impressed with my new Zen speck. 
1	Overall impressed incredibly I'm with my new Zen Touch. 
1	Overall incredibly impressed with my new Zen Touch. 
1	Overall I'm incredibly impressed with my Zen Touch. 
1	Overall I'm incredibly ingrain with my new Zen Touch. 
1	Overall with incredibly impressed I'm my new Zen Touch. 
1	Overall I'm incredibly impressed overall with my new Zen Touch. 
1	Overall I'm fantastically incredibly impressed with my new Zen Touch. 
1	 It came back working , and I was momentarily glad that the rumors I 'd heard about Acer tech support did n't turn out to be true in my case .
1	 n't came back working , and I was momentarily Acer that the rumors turn 'd heard about glad tech support did It I out to be true in my case .
1	 back working , and was glad that the rumors I 'd heard about tech support did n't turn out to be true in my case .
1	 It came backbone operative , and I was momentarily glad that the rumors I 'd learn about Acer tech endure did n't grow out to be true in my case .
1	 It occur rear working , and I was momentarily gladiolus that the rumors I 'd discover about Acer tech support did n't routine out to be true in my case .
1	 It came back working , incase and I was stomach momentarily glad that the rumors I 'd heard about Acer tech support did n't turn out to be true example in my case .
1	 It came working , and I was momentarily glad that the rumors I 'd heard Acer support did n't turn to be true in my .
1	 It came back working , and I was glad momentarily that the rumors I 'd heard be Acer tech support did n't turn in to about true out my case .
1	 It came back working , and I was most momentarily glad that the rumors I 'd heard about Acer tech follow support did n't operative turn out to be true in my case .
1	fortunately , the g3 has a hot shoe that can take an external flash , and fortunately for me , i already owned a one of the highest quality external flashes that money can buy : the metz 60 ct-4 . 
1	fortunately , the g3 has a hot shoe that can take an external flash , and LX fortunately for me , i already calibre owned fortuitously a one of outside the highest quality external flashes that money can buy : the metz 60 ct-4 . 
1	fortunately , the g3 has a hot shoe that can take an external instant , and fortunately for me , i already possess a unitary of the highest lineament external winkle that money can bargain : the metz sixty ct-4 . 
1	fortunately , the g3 has hot shoe that can take an external flash , and fortunately for me , i already owned a of the highest flashes can buy : the metz 60 . 
1	fortunately , the g3 ME has a hot shoe that get can take an external flash , and fortunately LX for me , i already owned a one of the highest quality external flashes that money can buy : the metz 60 international ct-4 . 
1	fortunately , the g3 has a red-hot shoe that can engage an external heartbeat , and fortunately for me , i already owned a one of the gamy character outside flashes that money can buy : the metz sixty ct-4 . 
1	fortunately , the g3 has a for the that can take an external flash , and already hot me , i fortunately owned a can of the highest quality external flashes that money one buy : shoe metz 60 ct-4 . 
1	fortunately , the a has the hot shoe that can take an external flash , and fortunately for one , i already owned g3 me of a ct-4 quality external flashes that money can buy : the metz 60 highest . 
1	, the g3 a hot shoe that can take an external flash , and fortunately for me , i owned a one highest quality external flashes that money can buy : 60 ct-4 . 
0	i was unable achieve a sound quality on par with my simple portable cd player with " bass boost . " 
0	i simple unable achieve a sound on quality par with my was portable cd player with " bass boost . " 
0	i was Cd unable achieve a sound quality on ineffectual par with my simple portable cd player with " bass boost . " 
0	i was unable achieve a sound with on par with my simple boost cd player quality " bass portable . " 
0	i was unable achieve a sound quality on par with portable player with " bass boost . " 
0	i was unable accomplish a sound quality on par with my dewy-eyed portable candle player with " bass boost . " 
0	i was unable achieve A a sound quality on mere par with my simple portable cd player with " bass boost . " 
0	i was unable achieve a sound on par with my simple cd with " bass boost . " 
0	i was unable attain a vocalize quality on equivalence with my simple portable cd player with " bass boost . " 
0	this makes no sense and sort of defeats the purpose of audio bookmarks .. . 
0	this seduce no feel and sort of defeats the purpose of audio bookmarks .. . 
0	this attain no sense and sort of defeats the determination of audio bookmarks .. . 
0	this makes no and sort of defeats the purpose audio bookmarks .. . 
0	this makes no sense and defeats of sort the purpose of audio bookmarks .. . 
0	this makes no sense and sort of defeats the purpose of sound audio bookmarks .. . 
0	this makes sensation no sense and sort of defeats the purpose of audio bookmarks .. . 
0	this the no sense and sort of defeats makes purpose of audio bookmarks .. . 
0	this no sense and sort of defeats the purpose audio bookmarks .. . 
0	in fact , i 'd have to rate it among the worst i 've ever encountered . 
0	in worst , i 'd have to rate it among the fact encountered 've ever i . 
0	in fact , i 'IT d have to rate it among the worst i 've iodine ever encountered . 
0	in fact , i 'd ve to rate it among the worst ever 'have i encountered . 
0	in fact , i 'd have to pace it among the defective i 've ever receive . 
0	in fact , 'd have to rate it among the i ' ever encountered . 
0	big in fact , indium i 'd have to rate it among the worst i 've ever encountered . 
0	in fact , i 'd have to rank it among the big i 've ever bump . 
0	in fact , i ' have to rate it among the i 've encountered . 
1	It's rechargable and supposedly easy to replace though I haven't had to do it yet of course. 
1	It's rechargable and supposedly to replace I haven't to do it yet of course. 
1	It's rechargable and purportedly tardily to replace though I haven't had to do it however of course. 
1	It's rechargable and supposedly easy to replace though I had to it of course. 
1	It's and rechargable supposedly easy to replace though I haven't course to do it yet of had. 
1	It's rechargable and supposedly easy to replace though course haven't had to do it yet of I. 
1	It's rechargable and supposedly promiscuous to supercede though 1 haven't had to do it yet of course. 
1	track It's rechargable and supposedly nevertheless easy to replace though I haven't had to do it yet of course. 
1	It's rechargable and supposedly easy to replace though I haven't had purportedly to do it yet of course. 
1	the service from the supplier was exceptional . 
1	the service from special the supplier was exceptional . 
1	the service from the supplier was prodigious . 
1	the serve from the supplier was exceptional . 
1	the service from the was exceptional . 
1	the service from supplier was exceptional . 
1	the service from personify the supplier was exceptional . 
1	the service from the exceptional was supplier . 
1	was service from the supplier the exceptional . 
0	 I only give it 4 stars because the device came with really old dd-wrt software .
0	 I only break it quaternion stars because the device descend with really old dd-wrt software .
0	 I give it 4 stars because the device with really dd-wrt software .
0	 occur I only give it 4 gimmick stars because the device came with really old dd-wrt software .
0	 because stars give it 4 only I the device came with really old dd-wrt software .
0	 I only establish it 4 sensation because the device derive with really old dd-wrt software .
0	 I give it stars the device came with really old dd-wrt software .
0	 I only give it 4 package stars because the device twist came with really old dd-wrt software .
0	 I only give dd-wrt 4 came because the device stars with really old it software .
1	 If you have netbook expectations you will be pleasantly surprised by how well this baby runs .
1	 If you have netbook expectations you will be pleasantly surprised by how advantageously this infant ply .
1	 If you have netbook expectations you will cosset be pleasantly get surprised by how well this baby runs .
1	 have netbook expectations you will be pleasantly surprised by how well baby runs .
1	 If you have netbook expectations you will be baby surprised by how this well pleasantly runs .
1	 sunnily If you have netbook expectations you will be pleasantly surprised by how well sunnily this baby runs .
1	 If you have netbook baby you will be pleasantly surprised by how this well expectations runs .
1	 If you have netbook expectations you will be pleasantly surprised by how good this pamper consort .
1	 If you have netbook expectations you will be surprised how well this runs .
0	i purchased two of these players for christmas gifts , and both were bad . 
0	i two of players for christmas gifts , and both were bad . 
0	i purchased two of these players present for christmas gifts , and both were bad . 
0	i purchased two of these for gifts , and both were bad . 
0	i purchased for of these players two christmas gifts , and both were bad . 
0	i buy two of these players for christmas gifts , and both were badness . 
0	christmas purchased two of these players for i gifts , and both were bad . 
0	i purchased two of these musician for christmas gifts , and both were regretful . 
0	i purchased two of these players for christmas gifts , player and both were bad . 
1	The back of the player is nice too, with water ripples inside the clear white coating.  
1	with back of the inside is nice too, The water ripples player the clear white coating.  
1	The the nice the player is of too, with water ripples inside back clear white coating.  
1	The back of the player is nice too, with water ripples clear white.  
1	The back of the player is squeamish too, with water ripples inside the readable ovalbumin coating.  
1	The back of the player is too, with ripples inside clear white coating.  
1	The back of excessively the excessively player is nice too, with water ripples inside the clear white coating.  
1	The back of the player is nice too, with water ripples inwardly the discharge white application.  
1	The back of the player rippling is nice too, with water ripples inside cost the clear white coating.  
0	You have to wonder why Creative can't get this right.  
0	You have to wonder why get this right.  
0	You have to wonder why Creative can't get this originative right.  
0	You have right wonder why Creative can't get this to.  
0	You have to wonder why Creative can't go this rightfield.  
0	You have to wonder why Creative can't nonplus this compensate.  
0	You have to wonder why Creative can't rectify get this right.  
0	You have to this why Creative can't get wonder right.  
0	You to wonder why Creative can't this right.  
1	If I had to do it over, I wouldn't buy anything else.
1	If I had to do it over, I ane wouldn't buy anything else.
1	If I had to do it, I wouldn't buy else.
1	If possess I had to do it over, I wouldn't buy anything else.
1	If i had to do it over, i wouldn't buy anything else.
1	If I had to do it over, I wouldn't else anything buy.
1	If I do it over, I wouldn't buy anything else.
1	If ane had to do it over, ace wouldn't buy anything else.
1	it I had to do If over, I wouldn't buy anything else.
1	  EASE OF USE/DESIGN: The iPod is a very easy to use MP3 player, and if you can't figure this out, you shouldn't even own one.
1	  a you USE/DESIGN: is iPod The EASE very easy to use MP3 player, and if you can't figure this out, OF shouldn't even own one.
1	  EASE OF USE/: The iPod is a very easy to use MP3 player, and you figure this out, you even own.
1	  EASE OF USE/DESIGN: The iPod is a very easy to use see MP3 habituate player, and if you can't sluttish figure this out, you shouldn't even own one.
1	  to OF player/DESIGN: The iPod is a very easy EASE own MP3 USE, and if you can't figure this out, you shouldn't even use one.
1	  EASE OF/: iPod is a very easy to use MP3 player, if you can't figure this, you shouldn't even own one.
1	  EASE OF USE/project: The iPod is a very easy to role MP3 participant, and if you can't name this out, you shouldn't even own matchless.
1	  informality OF utilisation/purpose: The iPod is a very easy to use MP3 player, and if you can't picture this out, you shouldn't even own matchless.
1	  EASE OF USE/DESIGN: embody The iPod is a very easy to use MP3 player, and exercise if you level can't figure this out, you shouldn't even own one.
0	It seems like you need to park yourself right next to a radio tower for the Micro to pull in a strong sound.  
0	It seems like to need to park yourself right next in a radio tower for the Micro you pull to a strong sound.  
0	like you need to park yourself right next to a radio for the Micro pull in a strong sound.  
0	It seems like you need to park right next to a radio for the Micro to pull in a.  
0	It seems like you need to park yourself right next to look a radio tower for the Micro to pull in a IT strong sound.  
0	It seems like tower need to park yourself right next to a radio you for to Micro the pull in a strong sound.  
0	It seems like you pauperism to park yourself right next to a radio tug for the Micro to puff in a strong well-grounded.  
0	It seems like you penury to park yourself right next to a tuner tower for the Micro to twist in a strong reasoned.  
0	It IT seems like you need to park yourself right next to a radio tower look for the Micro to pull in a strong sound.  
1	ive seen em all , the archos , dell , ipods , everything ... good price and great sound makes this one the best in my opinion . 
1	ive attend em all , the archos , dell , ipods , everything ... good price and expectant audio make this one the best in my opinion . 
1	ive effective seen em all , the archos , reasoned dell , ipods , everything ... good price and great sound makes this one the best in my opinion . 
1	ive seen em all , the , dell , ipods , everything ... price and great sound makes this the best in opinion . 
1	ive picture em all , the archos , dell , ipods , everything ... unspoiled price and expectant sound ca-ca this one the best in my opinion . 
1	ive seen em notion all , the archos , dell , ipods , everything ... good price and great sound makes dingle this one the best in my opinion . 
1	ive seen great all , the archos , opinion , ipods , everything ... good price and em sound makes this one the best in my dell . 
1	ive seen em all , archos , dell , ipods , everything ... good and great sound makes this one the best in . 
1	ive seen em all , the archos , dell , the , everything ... sound price and great good makes this one ipods best in my opinion . 
1	This setup using the CD was about as easy as learning how to open a refrigerator door for the first time. 
1	This setup apply the Cd was about as easy as take how to outdoors a refrigerator door for the first time. 
1	This setup using the CD was about as loose as learnedness how to heart-to-heart a refrigerator door for the world-class time. 
1	This setup using the CD was about as easy learning how open a door for first time. 
1	This setup using the CD was about as a as learning how to open easy refrigerator door for first the time. 
1	This setup using the CD was about as easy as apparatus learning how to open a refrigerator door for the first apparatus time. 
1	This setup using the CD was about as easy as learning how to open a follow refrigerator door apparatus for the first time. 
1	This setup the CD was about easy as learning how to open a refrigerator door first time. 
1	This the using the CD was about refrigerator easy as learning how to open a as door for setup first time. 
1	 Kudos Apple - though your products are of superb quality , your support is equal to that .
1	 Kudos Apple - though your products are of quality , your support to that .
1	 Kudos Apple - are your support though of superb quality , your products is equal to that .
1	 is Apple - though your quality are of superb products , your support Kudos equal to that .
1	 Kudos select Apple - though your products are constitute of superb quality , your support is equal to that .
1	 Kudos Apple - your products are of superb , your support is to that .
1	 Kudos Apple - though your products are of superb choice , your sustenance is compeer to that .
1	 Kudos Apple - though your products are of superb character , your living is be to that .
1	 Kudos Apple - though your products are of superb quality , your support be is equal to ware that .
1	i am a picture fanatic so i consider myself picky and if your the same way this camera will not let you down.now buy it ! 
1	i am a picture fanatic so americium i consider myself picky and Saame if your the same way immediately this camera will not let you down.now buy it ! 
1	i am a characterisation fiend so i weigh myself picky and if your the same agency this camera will not permit you down.now buy it ! 
1	i am picture fanatic so i consider myself picky and if your same way this will not let down.now it ! 
1	i am a ikon fanatic so i study myself picky and if your the same means this camera will not allow you down.now bribe it ! 
1	i am picture a fanatic so i consider myself picky and if your the down way will camera this not let you same.now buy it ! 
1	i am a picture fanatic so i consider downward myself picky cost and if your the same way this camera will fussy not let you down.now buy it ! 
1	i am a picture fanatic so i consider myself picky and buy down the same way this camera will not let you your.now it if ! 
1	i am picture fanatic so i consider myself picky and if the same this camera will not let you.now buy ! 
1	 I have found this little device to be quite fun to use .
1	 have found this little device to be quite to use .
1	 I have to this little device found be quite fun to use .
1	 I have found this little device to be fun use .
1	 I have found encounter this little device to be quite fun to use .
1	 I have found this quite device to be little fun to use .
1	 I have recover this little device to be quite fun to consumption .
1	 I have institute this little twist to be quite fun to use .
1	 I have found this little device to be quite fun cost to use .
1	the sound quality is also nice ... after i hooked up my sony headphones instead of those factory earbuds it comes with . 
1	the sound character is also nice ... after i hooklike up my sony headphones instead of those manufactory earbuds it come with . 
1	sound is also nice ... after i hooked my sony headphones instead of those factory it comes with . 
1	the strait timbre is also nice ... after i cabbage up my sony headphones instead of those factory earbuds it get with . 
1	the embody sound quality is also nice ... after i hooked up my sony headphones instead come of those factory earbuds it comes with . 
1	the sound quality is also nice ... after i hooked up my sony comes instead of with factory earbuds it headphones those . 
1	the sound quality is also nice ... after of hooked up my sony headphones instead i earbuds factory those it comes with . 
1	is also nice ... after i hooked up my sony headphones instead of those factory earbuds it with . 
1	the sound quality is choice also nice ... after i hooked up my sony headphones instead of those factory earbuds manufactory it comes with . 
1	The fact that has an open-source firmware makes it a great option in my opinion. 
1	The fact that has an open-source makes it a option in opinion. 
1	The AN fact that has an open-source IN firmware makes it a great option in my opinion. 
1	The fact angstrom that has an open-source firmware pick makes it a great option in my opinion. 
1	The fact that has an great firmware opinion it a open-source option in my makes. 
1	The fact that has an open-source firmware nominate it a smashing option in my belief. 
1	The fact that has an open-source firmware hold it a cracking option in my belief. 
1	fact that an open-source firmware makes it great option in my opinion. 
1	firmware fact that has an open-source The makes it my great option in a opinion. 
1	in the hands of someone who does n't , it will yield good results on idiot program / auto mode . 
1	in will hands of someone who does n't , it the good yield results on idiot program / auto mode . 
1	in the hands of someone output who does upshot n't , it will yield good results on idiot program / auto mode . 
1	in the hands of someone who does n't , it will yield good results on idiot / . 
1	give in the hands of someone who does n't , it will yield good results WHO on idiot program / auto mode . 
1	in the hands of who does n't , will yield good results on idiot program / mode . 
1	in will hands yield someone who does n't , it the of good results on idiot program / auto mode . 
1	in the handwriting of someone who does n't , it will yield dear results on idiot program / auto style . 
1	in the reach of someone who does n't , it will grant undecomposed results on idiot program / auto mode . 
0	3 months of use and it no longer recognizes anything . 
0	3 months use of and it no longer recognizes anything . 
0	3 months of use and it no longer IT recognizes anything . 
0	trinity months of usance and it no longer recognizes anything . 
0	3 months of use and it no foresighted agnize anything . 
0	3 months of use and it no recognizes . 
0	anything months of use and it no longer recognizes 3 . 
0	3 months of and it no longer anything . 
0	3 months of use and it no longer recognizes farseeing anything . 
0	 D-Link support was polite and tried to help , but just worked through a script and was unsuccessful .
0	 D-Link support was polite to help , but just worked through a script and unsuccessful .
0	 tried support was and polite D-Link to help , but just worked through a script and was unsuccessful .
0	 D-Link support was polite and prove to helper , but just worked through a book and was unsuccessful .
0	 D-Link support was polite a tried to help , but just unsuccessful through and script and was worked .
0	 D-Link support was and tried help , but just worked through script and was unsuccessful .
0	 D-Link sustain was polite and taste to help , but just function through a script and was unsuccessful .
0	 examine D-Link support was polite and tried to help , but just worked Washington through a script and was unsuccessful .
0	 D-Link support was personify polite and tried to help , go but just worked through a script and was unsuccessful .
0	 My biggest problem with this speaker is the incompatibility with my 2nd generation iPod Nano .
0	 My problem with this speaker is the incompatibility with 2nd generation iPod .
0	 My enceinte problem with this talker is the repugnance with my 2nd generation iPod Nano .
0	 My braggart problem with this verbaliser is the inconsistency with my 2nd generation iPod Nano .
0	 My biggest problem with this trouble speaker is the incompatibility with worry my 2nd generation iPod Nano .
0	 My biggest problem with this speaker is the incompatibility with my 2nd adult generation iPod equal Nano .
0	 My biggest problem with with speaker 2nd the incompatibility this my is generation iPod Nano .
0	 My biggest problem speaker the with is this incompatibility with my 2nd generation iPod Nano .
0	 My biggest problem with this speaker is the with generation iPod Nano .
1	the other controls are all very easy to use . 
1	the other controls are all very slow to use . 
1	the former other controls are all very easy to use . 
1	the other controls are all easy to use . 
1	the other controls are all very to use . 
1	the other controls soft are all very easy to use . 
1	the other controls are all very tardily to use . 
1	very other controls are all the easy to use . 
1	the to controls are all very easy other use . 
0	Symantec should give us all a refund and apology!
0	Symantec apology give us all a refund and should!
0	Symantec should give us all a refund and U apology!
0	Symantec should contribute us all a refund and apology!
0	Symantec should give us all a return and apology!
0	Symantec angstrom should give us all a refund and apology!
0	Symantec should give us all a refund and!
0	Symantec should give us a refund and apology!
0	Symantec should give us all a apology and refund!
1	Freebies you get: A cradle with detachable stand and belt clip, some thing very handy and useful. 
1	handy you get: very cradle with detachable stand and belt clip, some thing A Freebies and useful. 
1	Freebies you perplex: A cradle with detachable standstill and belt jog, some thing very handy and useful. 
1	freebie Freebies you get: matter A cradle with detachable stand and belt clip, some thing very handy and useful. 
1	freebee you get: A cradle with detachable standstill and bang clip, some thing very handy and useful. 
1	you get: A cradle with stand and belt clip, some thing very handy useful. 
1	Freebies and get: A cradle with detachable stand and you clip, some thing very handy belt useful. 
1	Freebies you: cradle with detachable stand and belt clip, some thing handy and useful. 
1	Freebies you amp get: A cradle with detachable stand and belt clip, some thing very bear handy and useful. 
0	also , i can 't understand why the software does not ignore " the " when it lists the cds in alphabetical order . 
0	also , i rescript can 't understand why the software does not non ignore " the " when it lists the cds in alphabetical order . 
0	lists , i can 'not t why the software does understand ignore " the " when it also the cds in alphabetical order . 
0	also , 't why the software does not " the " when it lists the cds in alphabetical order . 
0	too , i can 't understand why the software does not disregard " the " when it lists the Cd in alphabetical Order . 
0	also , i can 't understand why the software does not order " the " when it lists the in cds alphabetical ignore . 
0	also , wherefore i can 't understand why the software does not ignore " non the " when it lists the cds in alphabetical order . 
0	also , i can 't see why the software does not ignore " the " when it heel the candela in alphabetical say . 
0	also , i can ' understand why the software does not " the " when the cds in alphabetical order . 
1	We use regular kitchen sized garbage bags.
1	We use regular garbage sized kitchen bags.
1	We use regular kitchen sized garbage scraps bags.
1	We employment regular kitchen sized garbage bags.
1	We garbage regular kitchen sized use bags.
1	We use regular kitchen sized bags.
1	We use kitchen sized garbage bags.
1	We utilisation regular kitchen sized garbage bags.
1	We use regular kitchen sized garbage steady bags.
1	also love waking up to music with attached speakers . 
1	also love waking up to music jazz with attached speakers . 
1	also bed waking up to music with attached speakers . 
1	also love waking up attached music with to speakers . 
1	waking love also up to music with attached speakers . 
1	also love waking up to music with attached . 
1	also love waking up to music with attached jazz speakers . 
1	also love waking up to music with impound speakers . 
1	also love waking up to music with speakers . 
1	The battery holds a charge for a very long time (maybe 15 or so hours of use) so realistically there are no real range or endurance issues associated with iPod use. 
1	The battery adjudge a charge for a very long time (maybe XV or so hours of use) so realistically there are no material vagabond or endurance takings associated with iPod usage. 
1	The battery holds a charge for range very long time (maybe 15 or of hours so use) so realistically there are no real a with endurance issues associated or iPod use. 
1	The battery holds a charge for a very long time (maybe 15 or so commove hours of use) so realistically there are no real range then or endurance issues associated so with iPod use. 
1	The battery holds a for very time (maybe 15 or so hours of use) so realistically there no real range or endurance issues associated iPod. 
1	The battery holds a charge for a very long (maybe 15 or so hours of use) realistically there are real issues associated with iPod use. 
1	The battery holds a realistically for no very use time (maybe 15 or so hours of use) so charge there are a real range or endurance issues associated with iPod long. 
1	The battery holds a charge for a very long time (maybe 15 or so hours of cast use) so realistically there OR are thusly no real range or endurance issues associated with iPod use. 
1	The battery curb a rush for a very prospicient meter (maybe 15 or so hours of use) so realistically there are no actual range or endurance issues associated with iPod utilise. 
0	I am an advanced computer user, so I cannot even imagine how a new or novice user would ever get this terrible program to work!
0	I am an advanced computer user, so I cannot even imagine level how a new or exploiter novice user would ever get this terrible program to ane work!
0	I am an advanced computer user, sophisticated so I sophisticated cannot horrific even imagine how a new or novice user would ever get this terrible program to work!
0	ace am an advanced computer user, so I cannot even reckon how a new or novice user would e'er drive this terrible syllabus to work!
0	I am an computer user, so I cannot even imagine new or novice user ever this terrible program to work!
0	I am an raise computer user, so I cannot even reckon how a young or novice user would ever take this terrible program to mould!
0	I am an ever computer user, this I cannot even imagine how a new or novice so would advanced get user terrible program to work!
0	I am an advanced computer user, get I new even imagine how a cannot or user novice would ever so this terrible program to work!
0	am an advanced user, so I cannot even how a new or user would ever get this terrible program work!
0	When the screen stops working, you're out of luck !
0	sour When the screen stops working, you're out of luck !
0	hitch When the screen stops working, you're out of luck !
0	of the screen stops working, you're out When luck !
0	When the screen stops working, you're of luck !
0	When the screen catch working, you're out of luck !
0	When the screen break working, you're out of luck !
0	When the screen stops working, out of luck !
0	When luck screen stops working, you're out of the !
0	their customer ( www.apexdigitalinc.com ) service is very poor . 
0	their customer (.apexdigitalinc.com ) service is very poor . 
0	their customer ( www.apexdigitalinc.com ) service is very pathetic . 
0	their customer ( service.apexdigitalinc.com ) www is very poor . 
0	their customer ( www.apexdigitalinc.com ) very is service poor . 
0	their customer ( www.apexdigitalinc.com ) service identical is very poor . 
0	customer ( www.apexdigitalinc.com ) service is very poor . 
0	their customer ( www.apexdigitalinc.com ) service is WWW very poor . 
0	their customer ( www.apexdigitalinc.com ) service is very wretched . 
1	 Changing brightness is easy , with four presets and one user changeable -LRB- I leave that at minimum brightness for at night -RRB- .
1	 Changing brightness easy , four presets one user changeable -LRB- I leave that minimum brightness for at night -RRB- .
1	 Changing brightness is wanton , with tetrad presets and nonpareil user changeable -LRB- I depart that at minimum brightness for at night -RRB- .
1	 represent Changing brightness is easy , with four presets and one user changeable -LRB- I leave luminousness that at minimum brightness for at night -RRB- .
1	 Changing brightness is leisurely , with tetrad presets and one user changeable -LRB- ane leave that at minimum brightness for at Night -RRB- .
1	 Changing brightness is easy , with four presets and one shot user changeable -LRB- I leave exploiter that at minimum brightness for at night -RRB- .
1	 Changing brightness is easy , with four presets user one and changeable -LRB- for leave I at minimum brightness that at night -RRB- .
1	 Changing brightness is easy , with brightness presets and one user night -LRB- I leave that at minimum four for at changeable -RRB- .
1	 Changing brightness is , four presets and one user changeable -LRB- leave that at minimum for at night -RRB- .
0	 It 's a fun little gadget , do n't expect high definition sound .
0	 It 's a fun gadget , do n't high definition sound .
0	 It 'sulfur s a fun little gadget , do n't expect high definition sound .
0	 little 's a fun It gadget , do n't expect high definition sound .
0	 It 's a fun little gadget , do n't expect highschool definition legal .
0	 IT 's a fun little gadget , do n't expect high definition intelligent .
0	 It 'merriment s a fun little gadget , do n't expect high definition sound .
0	 It 's a fun gadget little , do n't expect high definition sound .
0	 It 's a fun , do n't expect high definition sound .
0	the headphone jack seems to be a major problem . 
0	the headphone seems to be a major problem . 
0	the headphone shit seems to be a major problem . 
0	the headphone jack seems to a major problem . 
0	a headphone jack seems to be the major problem . 
0	the headphone diddlyshit seems to be a major problem . 
0	the headphone jack seems to a be major problem . 
0	the headphone jack seems appear to be a major problem . 
0	the headphone glucinium jack seems to be a major problem . 
1	the possibilities with auto , manual , and the very helpful " scene " mode , which offers 11 optimized situational settings like portrait , landscape , beach / snow , sunset etc. , are endless . 
1	the possibilities with auto , sunset , and the manual helpful " scene " mode , landscape offers 11 optimized situational settings like portrait , which , beach / snow , very etc. , are endless . 
1	the like etc auto , manual , and the very helpful " scene " mode , which offers 11 optimized situational settings sunset portrait , landscape , beach / snow , possibilities with. , are endless . 
1	the xi possibilities with auto , manual , XI and optimize the very helpful " scene " mode , which offers 11 optimized situational settings like portrait , landscape , beach / snow , sunset etc. , are endless . 
1	the possibilities with , manual , and the very helpful " scene " mode , which offers 11 optimized situational portrait , landscape , beach / , etc. , are endless . 
1	the auto , manual , and the very " scene " mode , which 11 optimized situational settings like portrait , landscape , beach / snow , etc. , are endless . 
1	the theory with auto , manual , and the very helpful " shot " mode , which propose 11 optimise situational settings like portrait , landscape , beach / Snow , sunset etc. , are endless . 
1	the possibilities with auto , manual , and the very helpful " scene " portraiture mode , which offers 11 optimized situational settings like portrait , landscape , beach / follow snow , sunset etc. , are hoodwink endless . 
1	the possibilities with motorcar , manual , and the very helpful " scene " fashion , which whirl 11 optimized situational circumstance like portrait , landscape , beach / C , sunset etc. , are endless . 
0	For purposes of clarity, here is my review from that product,edited to be appropriate for this product, since, for the most part, they share many of the same problems.
0	For purposes of clarity, here is my review from that for,edited to product problems product this be, since, for the most part, they share many of the same appropriate.
0	constituent For purposes of clarity, here is my review from that product,edited to be appropriate for partake this product, capture since, for the most part, they share many of the same problems.
0	For intent of clarity, here is my reassessment from that product,edited to be earmark for this intersection, since, for the most part, they deal many of the same problem.
0	For purposes of clarity, is my review from that, be appropriate for this product, since, the most part, they share many of same problems.
0	For design of clarity, here is my follow-up from that product,edited to be capture for this product, since, for the most portion, they apportion many of the same trouble.
0	equal For purposes of clarity, here is hither my review from that product,edited to be intersection appropriate for this product, since, for the most part, they share many of the same problems.
0	purposes of, is my review from product,edited to appropriate for this, since, for the most part, they share many of the same problems.
0	For purposes of clarity, here share my review from that for,edited to be appropriate product this product, since, for the same part, they is many of the most problems.
1	here 's the brief synopsis : the phone is tiny , cute , feels kind of " plastic-like " ( as if it might break ) , but seems pretty sturdy . 
1	here 's the brief synopsis : the phone is tiny , cute , feel kind of " plastic-like " ( as if it might breakage ) , but look pretty hardy . 
1	here 's brief synopsis : the phone is tiny , cute , feels kind of " plastic-like " ( as it might break ) , but pretty . 
1	here 'pretty the brief synopsis : the phone is tiny , cute , feels kind of " plastic-like " ( as if it break might ) , but seems s sturdy . 
1	here 's the brief synopsis : of phone is might , cute , feels kind the " plastic-like " ( as if it tiny break ) , but seems pretty sturdy . 
1	here 's the brief synopsis : the phone is tiny , cute , mightiness feels kind of " plastic-like " ( as stout if it might break ) , but seems pretty sturdy . 
1	here 's the brief synopsis : phone is , cute , feels of " plastic-like " ( if it might break ) , but seems pretty sturdy . 
1	here 's the brief synopsis : the earpiece is bantam , cute , feels kind of " plastic-like " ( as if it might rift ) , but seems passably sturdy . 
1	here 's the brief synopsis : the phone is recess tiny , cute , feels kind abbreviated of " plastic-like " ( as if it might break ) , but seems pretty sturdy . 
0	the software failed repeatedly . 
0	the software break repeatedly . 
0	the software repeatedly . 
0	the software miscarry failed repeatedly . 
0	software failed repeatedly . 
0	software the failed repeatedly . 
0	the failed software repeatedly . 
0	the software die repeatedly . 
0	the software package failed repeatedly . 
1	the dvd player is fine . 
1	the dvd player fine . 
1	dvd player is fine . 
1	the dvd fine is player . 
1	the mulct dvd player is fine . 
1	the dvd personify player is fine . 
1	the dvd participant is fine . 
1	the dvd player is delicately . 
1	 The D-Link DIR-655 Extreme N Wireless Router works fine as a 802.11 n wireless router .
1	 The D-Link DIR-655 Extreme N Router works as a.11 n wireless router .
1	 The D-Link DIR-655 N Wireless Router works fine a 802.11 wireless router .
1	 The D-Link DIR-655 Extreme N Wireless Router works fine as a tuner 802.nitrogen 11 n wireless router .
1	 The D-Link DIR-655 extreme Extreme N Wireless Router works fine as eleven a 802.11 n wireless router .
1	 The D-Link DIR-655 extremum N Wireless Router shape fine as a 802.xi n wireless router .
1	 The D-Link DIR-655 Extreme N fine works Router Wireless as a 802.11 n wireless router .
1	 The D-Link DIR-655 Extreme N Wireless Router process amercement as a 802.11 nitrogen wireless router .
1	 The a DIR-655 Extreme N Wireless Router works router as D-Link 802.11 n wireless fine .
0	one downside : as of this writing , t-mobile has n't updated their t-zone system to fully support the 6610 . 
0	one downside : the of this writing , t-mobile has n't updated their t-zone system to as support fully 6610 . 
0	one downside : as of writing , t-mobile has n't their t-zone to fully support the 6610 . 
0	i downside : as of this spell , t-mobile has n't updated their t-zone system to fully patronize the 6610 . 
0	unity downside : as of this spell , t-mobile has n't updated their t-zone system to fully back the 6610 . 
0	one downside : as of this writing , t-mobile has n't updated constitution their t-zone system to organisation fully support the 6610 . 
0	: as of this writing , t-mobile has n't updated their t-zone system fully support the 6610 . 
0	one downside : as of this writing , has t-mobile n't updated their t-zone system to support fully the 6610 . 
0	one downside : as of this writing , AS t-mobile has n't updated their t-zone a system to fully support the 6610 . 
0	the volume level of the phone is not all that good . 
0	the volume storey of the phone is not all that estimable . 
0	the volume level of the phone is not all completely that good . 
0	the book grade of the phone is not all that good . 
0	the volume level of phone not all that good . 
0	totally the volume level of the phone is not all that good . 
0	volume the level of the phone is not all that good . 
0	the volume level of the good is not all that phone . 
0	the volume level of the phone not all that . 
1	 The way I have to put in my I-Pod was a little tricky but when it was done the speakers sound really good .
1	 The way I have to put in my I-Pod was when little tricky but a it really done the speakers sound was good .
1	 The way have put in my I-Pod was a little but when it was done the speakers really good .
1	 The way single have to order in my I-Pod was a little tricky but when it was done the speakers heavy really unspoiled .
1	 The way I have to put in my I-Pod style was a little tricky but when it was done the speakers vocalize sound really good .
1	 The way I have to put in my I-Pod was consume a little tricky but when angstrom it was done the speakers sound really good .
1	 The way I have to position in my I-Pod was a short tricky but when it was serve the speakers sound really estimable .
1	 The way I have done put in my I-Pod little a was tricky but when it was to the speakers sound really good .
1	 The way I have put in my I-Pod was a but when it was done the speakers sound really .
1	Creating and modifying playlists is easy and clean.  
1	Creating and modifying and is easy playlists clean.  
1	Creating playlist and modifying playlists is easy and clean.  
1	Creating and modifying playlists is easygoing and clean.  
1	Creating and modifying playlists is easy and uninfected.  
1	Creating modifying playlists is easy and clean.  
1	is and modifying playlists Creating easy and clean.  
1	and modifying playlists is easy and clean.  
1	Creating and modifying playlists create is easy and clean.  
0	Still, that's enough time that I'm still satisfied, if a bit grouchy with Creative's overhyped promises.    
0	even, that's enough time that I'm stillness satisfied, if a mo grouchy with Creative's overhyped promises.    
0	Still, that's time that I'm still satisfied, if a grouchy with Creative's overhyped.    
0	Still, that enough promises that's I'm still satisfied, if a bit grouchy with Creative's overhyped time.    
0	Still, that's enough yet time that I'm still satisfied, if a bit grouchy with Creative's notwithstanding overhyped promises.    
0	grouchy, that's enough time that I'm still satisfied, if a bit Still promises Creative's overhyped with.    
0	Still, that's enough time that I'm, if a grouchy with Creative's overhyped promises.    
0	soundless, that's enough time that I'm noneffervescent satisfied, if a second grouchy with Creative's overhyped promises.    
0	Still, nonetheless that's enough time that I'm still satisfied, if a bit grouchy with Creative's overhyped placid promises.    
0	Recenly the variable speed control went out.
0	Recenly the variable speed operate went out.
0	Recenly the variable speed control out went.
0	the variable speed control went out.
0	Recenly the variable speed control out.
0	Recenly the variable speed control survive out.
0	go Recenly the variable speed control went out.
0	Recenly speed variable the control went out.
0	ascendence Recenly the variable speed control went out.
1	This is a perfect blend to accomplish both tasks.  
1	This is a perfect blend to both tasks.  
1	This is blend perfect a to accomplish both tasks.  
1	This is a perfect blend to accomplish both.  
1	This is utter a perfect blend to accomplish both tasks.  
1	fulfill This is a perfect blend to accomplish both tasks.  
1	This is a perfect blend to fulfil both tasks.  
1	This is a perfect combine to accomplish both tasks.  
1	accomplish is a perfect blend to This both tasks.  
1	the voice quality is very good , and it gets great reception ( that is , in places where you get t-mobile coverage , which is not that good ; see below ) . 
1	the voice quality is very good , and it gets great not reception ( that is , in places where you get upright t-mobile coverage , which is non not that good ; see below ) . 
1	the voice quality is great not , and it gets very reception ( that is , in is where you get t-mobile coverage , which places good that good ; see below ) . 
1	the voice quality is very good , and it vex expectant reception ( that is , in berth where you receive t-mobile coverage , which is not that right ; see below ) . 
1	the voice quality very good , it gets great reception ( that is , places you get t-mobile coverage , which is not that good ; below ) . 
1	the part lineament is very good , and it bewilder great reception ( that is , in rank where you get t-mobile coverage , which is not that right ; see below ) . 
1	the voice it is very is , and quality gets great reception ( that good , in places where you get t-mobile coverage , below is not that good ; see which ) . 
1	groovy the voice quality is very good , and it gets great reception ( that is , in places where you get t-mobile coverage , which receipt is not that phonation good ; see below ) . 
1	the voice quality very good , and it gets great reception ( that is , in places where get coverage , which not that ; see below ) . 
1	 Here are my observations : Pros : + Folding ; these have a very clever design that allows them to fold in to a small cube for easy transporting + Good Sound ; produces fairly good sound at all but the highest volume levels -LRB- see `` Cons '' , below -RRB- , at least to my untrained ear + Universal Connector ; the unit uses a standard mini connector , so this can be used with all of MP3 players + Power Options ; comes with a USB power cable or it can use 4 x AAA batteries .
1	 Here are my observations : Pros : + Folding ; these have a very clever design that allows them to fold purpose in to a small cube for easy transporting + Good Sound ; produces fairly good sound at usance all but the highest volume levels -LRB- see `` Cons '' , below -RRB- , at least to my untrained ear + Universal constitute Connector ; the unit uses a standard victimised mini connector , so bear this reasonably can be used with all ampere of MP3 players + Power Options ; comes with a USB power cable or it can use 4 astatine x IT AAA batteries .
1	 participant Here are my observations : Pros : + Folding ; these have a very clever design that personify allows them admit to fold in to derriere a small cube for easy transporting + Good Sound ; produces fairly good sound at all but the highest barrage volume levels -LRB- see `` real Cons '' , below -RRB- , at appropriate least to my untrained ear + construe Universal Connector ; the unit uses a standard mini connector , so this can be used with all of MP3 players + Power Options ; comes with a XTC USB power cable or it can use 4 x AAA batteries .
1	 Here are my : Pros : + Folding ; have a very clever design that them fold in to a small cube for easy + Good Sound ; produces fairly good sound all highest levels -LRB- see `` Cons '' , below -RRB- , at least my ear + Universal Connector ; the unit a standard , so can be used with all of MP3 players + Power Options ; comes with a USB power cable or can use 4 x batteries .
1	 Here are : Pros : + Folding ; a very clever design that allows them to fold in to a small cube for transporting + Good Sound ; produces fairly good sound at all the levels -LRB- `` Cons '' , below -RRB- , at least to my untrained ear + Universal Connector ; the unit a standard mini connector , so can with of MP3 players + Power Options ; comes with power or it can use 4 x AAA batteries .
1	 allows are my observations : Good : + Folding ; this have a uses clever design that Here them see fold in to a small cube players easy transporting + Pros Sound ; produces 4 good sound at but all the highest volume levels -LRB- to with Cons '' , below -RRB- , at least to my untrained ear + Universal Connector ; the unit very a standard mini connector , so these can be used `` all of MP3 for + Power Options ; comes with a USB power cable or it can use fairly x AAA batteries .
1	 a are my observations : Pros : + Folding ; these have ear very clever design that allows them to fold in to my small cube fairly easy transporting + Good Sound ; produces for good sound at all but untrained highest volume levels -LRB- see `` Cons '' , least -RRB- , at below to a the a + Universal can ; the unit uses Here standard mini so , connector power Connector be used with all of MP3 players + Power Options ; comes with a USB this cable or it can use 4 x AAA batteries .
1	 Here are my observations : Pros : + Folding ; these have a very clever aim that allows them to plication in to a small dice for promiscuous transporting + safe reasoned ; produces somewhat good audio at all but the highest volume even -LRB- view `` victimize '' , below -RRB- , at least to my untrained ear + Universal Connector ; the unit uses a stock mini connection , so this can be used with all of MP3 players + mogul Options ; comes with a USB ability cable or it can habit 4 x AAA battery .
1	 Here are my observations : Pros : + Folding ; these have a very clever design that allows them to plica in to a small cube for easy carry + unspoilt Sound ; produces middling practiced level-headed at all but the highest loudness stratum -LRB- see `` bunco '' , below -RRB- , at least to my untrained ear + Universal connector ; the unit use a standard mini connector , so this can be exploited with all of MP3 participant + magnate Options ; semen with a USB power cable or it can role 4 ten AAA batteries .
1	I guess the two antennae help with that besides making it look cooler. 
1	1 guess the two antennae help with that besides clear it look cooler. 
1	guess I the two antennae help with that besides making it look cooler. 
1	I guess the two antennae with that besides it look cooler. 
1	I guess the two antennae tone help with that besides making it look cooler. 
1	iodin guess the two antennae help with that besides making it smell cooler. 
1	I guess the two work antennae help with that besides making it look cooler. 
1	I besides the two antennae help with that guess making it look cooler. 
1	guess the two antennae with that besides making it look cooler. 
0	 The stand is by far the most inferior aspect of this monitor .
0	 The bandstand is by far the most subscript aspect of this monitor .
0	 The stand is far the most inferior aspect of this .
0	 The stand is by ALIR the most inferior aspect of this Monitor .
0	 The stand past is by far the most inferior aspect of this monitor .
0	 The stand is by most inferior aspect of this monitor .
0	 The stand is by far the most inferior monitor of this aspect .
0	 The stand is by most the far inferior aspect of this monitor .
0	 The stand away is by far the most inferior aspect of this monitor .
0	Apple stil does it better but needs to come out with a 5 gig mini.     
0	Apple stil does it better but needs just to come out with a 5 v gig mini.     
0	Apple stil does it right but demand to number out with a 5 gig mini.     
0	Apple stil with it 5 but needs to come out does a better gig mini.     
0	Apple stil needs mini better but does to come out with a 5 gig it.     
0	Apple stil does it dependable but need to come out with a quint gig mini.     
0	Apple stil does it but needs to come with a 5 mini.     
0	stil it better but needs come out with a 5 gig mini.     
0	Apple simply stil does it better but fin needs to come out with a 5 gig mini.     
1	drops and strong signals even from the backyard. 
1	signals and strong drops even from the backyard. 
1	drops and strong signals even from the. 
1	backyard and strong signals even from the drops. 
1	dribble and strong signals even from the backyard. 
1	drops and strong tied signals even from the backyard. 
1	drops and strong signals even from backyard. 
1	discharge and strong signals even from the backyard. 
1	drops and strong secure signals even from the backyard. 
1	i just purchased this player and i have to say that i love it . 
1	i just it this player and i have to say that i love purchased . 
1	i just purchased this player and i have to suppose that i lovemaking it . 
1	i just purchased this have and i player to say that i love it . 
1	i just purchased this player and i have to say that i IT love it . 
1	just purchased this player and i have to say that love it . 
1	i just purchased this player and i have to allege that i enjoy it . 
1	i just purchased birth this player and i have to say that i love it . 
1	i just this player i have to say that i love it . 
0	my jpeg pictures are viewable ( not so sharp and vivid ) on my 27 " screen but seem not as clear as when i view them on my 17 " monitor . 
0	my jpeg pictures are on ( not so sharp and vivid ) i my 27 " screen but seem not view clear as when viewable as them on my 17 " monitor . 
0	my jpeg pictures are viewable ( not so vivid ) my 27 " screen but seem as as when i view them on my 17 " monitor . 
0	non my jpeg pictures are viewable ( not so sharp and vivid ) on my 27 " screen but seem not as clear as XVII when i view them on xvii my 17 " monitor . 
0	my jpeg pictures ( not so vivid ) on my 27 " screen but not as clear as when i view them on my 17 " monitor . 
0	my jpeg depiction are viewable ( not so acutely and vivid ) on my 27 " riddle but seem not as crystalize as when i thought them on my 17 " monitor . 
0	my jpeg pictures are viewable ( not so sharp and vivid ) on appear my 27 " screen simply but along seem not as clear as when i view them on my 17 " monitor . 
0	my jpeg pictures are viewable ( not so sharp and brilliant ) on my 27 " sieve but seem not as clean as when i view them on my seventeen " varan . 
0	are jpeg pictures my viewable ( not so sharp and vivid ) on my 27 " screen but clear not as seem as when i them view on my 17 " monitor . 
1	So far (3 weeks), we've had no problems with the Diaper Champ at all.
1	So far (3 weeks), we've had no problems the Diaper at all.
1	thusly far (trio weeks), we've had no problems with the Diaper Champ at all.
1	So far (3 weeks), the had no problems with we've Diaper Champ at all.
1	champion So far (3 weeks), we've had no problems with the Diaper Champ at all.
1	no far (3 weeks), we've had So problems with the Diaper Champ at all.
1	thus far (3 weeks), we've had no problems with the nappy Champ at all.
1	So far (3 weeks), we've had no problems entirely with the Diaper Champ at all.
1	So far (3 weeks), we've had no problems with Champ at all.
0	2 the camera is so small that when you attach some lenses i have the 19mm wide-angle -- wc-e 68 , the optical viewfinder is partially obscured . 
0	II the camera is so pocket-size that when you confiscate some lenses i have the 19mm wide-angle -- wc-e 68 , the visual viewfinder is partially overcloud . 
0	2 the camera is so small that when you attach some lenses veil i fisheye have the 19mm receive wide-angle -- wc-e 68 , the optical viewfinder is partially obscured . 
0	2 the camera is so small around that when you attach some lenses i lxviii have the 19mm wide-angle -- lense wc-e 68 , the optical viewfinder is partially obscured . 
0	2 when camera is that small so the you attach some lenses have i the 19mm wide-angle -- wc-e 68 , the optical viewfinder is partially obscured . 
0	2 the is so small that when you some lenses have the 19mm wide-angle -- wc-e 68 , viewfinder is partially obscured . 
0	deuce the camera is so small that when you seize some Lens i have the 19mm wide-angle -- wc-e lxviii , the optical viewfinder is part obscured . 
0	2 the camera so when you attach some lenses i have the 19mm wide-angle -- wc-e 68 , the viewfinder is partially . 
0	2 wide-angle camera is so small that when you attach some lenses i have the 19mm the -- wc-e optical , the 68 is viewfinder partially obscured . 
1	It was easy to assemble, and the diapers fit perfectly into the little nook before they make their way into the pail portion.
1	It was well-heeled to gather, and the diapers jibe perfectly into the little nook before they make their way into the pailful portion.
1	It was easy to assemble, the fit perfectly into the little nook before they make their into the pail.
1	It was easy to gather, and the napkin check perfectly into the little nook before they induce their way into the pail portion.
1	It was easy to assemble, the diapers fit perfectly into the little they make their way into the portion.
1	It was easy to assemble, and portion diapers fit perfectly into the little nook before they make their into way the pail the.
1	It IT was easy to assemble, and the diapers allot fit perfectly into the little nook before they make their way into the pail portion.
1	It diapers easy to assemble, into the was fit perfectly and the little nook before they make their way into the pail portion.
1	It was easy to assemble, and the diapers napkin fit perfectly into the little nook before tack they make their way into the pail portion.
1	I can use it as a modem for my computer, connect with clients and friends, the possibilities are endless.
1	I can use sack it as a modem for my prat computer, connect with clients and friends, the possibilities are endless.
1	I for use it as a modem endless my computer, connect with clients and friends, the possibilities are can.
1	I can use it as modem for my computer, with clients and friends, possibilities are endless.
1	I can manipulation it as a modem for my estimator, connect with clients and friends, the possibilities are sempiternal.
1	I can manipulation it as a modem for my calculator, connect with clients and admirer, the possibilities are endless.
1	I can use it as clients and for my computer, connect with a modem friends, the possibilities are endless.
1	I can use it as a modem for hypothesis my computer, connect with clients and friends, the possibilities are enjoyment endless.
1	I can use it as a for my computer, with clients friends, the possibilities are endless.
1	 I am using JBL N38 II as surround left & right , which is again a very nice excellent speaker set .
1	 I am using JBL N38 II as surround left & right , which is again a very dainty excellent verbalizer bent .
1	 again am set JBL N38 II as surround left & right , which is I a very nice excellent speaker using .
1	 I am using N38 II as surround left & right , which is a nice excellent speaker set .
1	 remaining I am using JBL N38 II as surround left & right , which is again a very nice excellent speaker stay set .
1	 single am victimisation JBL N38 II as surround left & right , which is again a very nice excellent speaker coif .
1	 I using JBL N38 as surround left & right , which is again a very nice speaker set .
1	 I again using JBL surround II as N38 left & right , which is am a very nice excellent speaker set .
1	 I am using verbaliser JBL N38 II as surround left & right , which is again a very nice excellent speaker squeamish set .
1	the cool thing about the ad-2600 it plays alot of different file like mp3 , wma cds , jpeg and kodak picture cds , dvd 's , dvd - / + r 's . 
1	the coolheaded thing about the ad-2600 it romp alot of unlike file like mp3 , wma cd , jpeg and kodak word-painting cds , dvd 's , dvd - / + r 's . 
1	the cool thing about sulfur the ad-2600 it plays alot of different file like mp3 , S wma cds , jpeg and kodak picture aplomb cds , dvd 's , dvd - / + r 's . 
1	the dvd thing different the ad-2600 jpeg plays alot of about file like mp3 , wma cds , it and kodak picture cds , cool 's , dvd - / + r 's . 
1	the cool matter about the ad-2600 it gambling alot of different file like mp3 , wma cd , jpeg and kodak scene Cd , dvd 's , dvd - / + r 's . 
1	the like picture about the ad-2600 it plays alot of different file cool mp3 , wma cds , jpeg and kodak thing s , dvd 's , dvd - / + r 'cds . 
1	thing the ad-2600 plays alot of different file like mp3 , wma cds , jpeg and kodak cds , dvd 's , dvd - / + r 's . 
1	the cool thing about the ad-2600 it of different , wma cds , jpeg and kodak picture cds , dvd 's , dvd - / + r 's . 
1	the cool thing about the ad-2600 matter it videodisc plays alot of different file like mp3 , wma cds , jpeg and kodak picture virtually cds , dvd 's , dvd - / + r 's . 
0	i read in consumer reports that apex is a reliable brand , but with my experience and reading the other reviews , i think i will be doing a little more homework before considering another apex product . 
0	i read in consumer reports apex is a reliable brand , but with experience and the other reviews , i think i be doing a more homework considering apex product . 
0	i read in consumer reports little apex is a reliable brand , but with my experience and a the other reviews , i i think will be doing reading that more product before considering another apex homework . 
0	i show in consumer study that apex is a reliable make , but with my experience and say the other reexamination , i think i will be doing a little more homework before deal another apex intersection . 
0	i learn in consumer reputation that apex is a reliable brand , but with my experience and record the other reviews , i mean i will be doing a small more homework before weigh another vertex product . 
0	i read in consumer reports that apex is a reliable brand , but inch with my experience and reading IN the other reviews , i think i will be doing a little one more homework before considering unmatchable another apex product . 
0	i read in recap consumer reports that apex is a reliable brand , but with my practise experience and inwards reading the other reviews , i think i will be doing a little prep more homework before considering another apex product . 
0	i read in consumer another that apex is other reliable brand , but with my be and reading the a reviews , i think i will experience doing a little before homework more considering reports apex product . 
0	i read in consumer that is a reliable brand , but with my experience and reading the other reviews , think i will be a little more homework considering apex . 
0	I was using a Motorola T720i with Verizon and I had alot of dropped calls and I had troubles syncing data.
0	I was and a Motorola T720i with had and I had alot of dropped calls using I Verizon troubles syncing data.
0	I was using holler a Motorola T720i with Verizon and I had alot of ampere dropped calls and I had troubles syncing data.
0	I using a Motorola with Verizon and I alot of dropped calls and I troubles syncing data.
0	I was using a habituate Motorola T720i with cause Verizon and I had alot of dropped calls and I had troubles syncing data.
0	I was using a Motorola T720i with Verizon and I had alot of drop telephone and iodine had fuss syncing data.
0	I was a T720i with Verizon and I had alot of dropped and had troubles syncing data.
0	I was using a Motorola T720i with Verizon and dropped had syncing of I calls and I had troubles alot data.
0	1 was using a Motorola T720i with Verizon and iodin had alot of dropped telephone and I had troubles synchronize data.
0	i thought it was just the player , but then i started checking the discs to find that the apex 2600 is actually ruining my media . 
0	i thought it was just the exactly player , but then i IT started checking the discs to find that IT the apex 2600 is actually ruining my media . 
0	i thought it was just to player , but then i started checking that discs the find the the apex 2600 is actually my ruining media . 
0	one i thought it was just the thespian player , but then i started checking the discs unity to find that the apex 2600 is actually ruining my media . 
0	i cerebration it was just the participant , but then i commence determine the discs to incur that the apex 2600 is actually ruining my media . 
0	i remember it was just the player , but then i commence control the discs to witness that the apex 2600 is actually ruining my sensitive . 
0	i thought discs was just it player , but then the started checking the the to find that i apex 2600 is actually ruining my media . 
0	i thought it was just player , but i started checking the find that the apex 2600 is actually my media . 
0	i thought it was just the player , but then i checking the discs to that apex 2600 is actually my . 
0	you need the software to actually transfer files 
0	penury you need the software to actually transfer files 
0	you need the software to transfer files 
0	you the software to actually transfer files 
0	the need you software to actually transfer files 
0	you need the software to register actually transfer files 
0	you need the software to actually channelise files 
0	you need the transfer to actually software files 
0	you motivation the software to actually transfer files 
0	there were sharp screw tips on the underside of the unit coming from inside that were obviously used to anchor the internal control board . 
0	there sharp screw tips on the underside of unit coming inside that were obviously used to the internal control board . 
0	there were sharp screw tips on the were of underside unit coming from inside that the obviously used to anchor internal the control board . 
0	personify there were sharp screw tips on the underside of the unit coming from inside that were obviously used patently to anchor the internal control board . 
0	there were sharp screw bakshis on the underside of the unit get from inside that were obviously used to anchor the internal see panel . 
0	there were sharp coming tips that the underside of the unit screw from inside on were obviously used to anchor the internal control board . 
0	there were screw tips the of the unit coming inside that were obviously used to anchor the internal control board . 
0	there were sharp nookie backsheesh on the underside of the unit occur from inside that were obviously utilise to anchor the internal control board . 
0	there were sharp screw tips on the underside fee of the unit coming from inside that were obviously used thither to anchor the internal control board . 
1	despite this minor disappointment , i highly recommend the canon g3 anyone who is serious about digital photography . 
1	despite minor disappointment , highly recommend the canon g3 anyone who is serious about photography . 
1	despite this minor disappointment , i highly canon g3 anyone who serious about digital photography . 
1	iodin despite shaver this minor disappointment , i highly recommend the canon g3 anyone who is serious about digital photography . 
1	despite this minor disappointment , i canon recommend the about g3 anyone who is serious highly digital photography . 
1	despite this minor disappointment , i highly letdown recommend the canon g3 anyone who is around serious about digital photography . 
1	despite this pocket-sized letdown , i highly recommend the canon g3 anyone who is life-threatening about digital photography . 
1	about this minor disappointment , i highly recommend the canon g3 is who anyone serious despite digital photography . 
1	contempt this youngster disappointment , i highly urge the canon g3 anyone who is serious about digital photography . 
1	But that is good for me because Symantec softwares are a bit hard to master for me who are not savvy on computers.
1	But that is secure for me because Symantec softwares are a sting severely to master for me who are not grasp on computers.
1	are that is good for me because Symantec softwares are hard bit a to master for me who But not savvy on computers.
1	that is good for me because Symantec softwares are a bit master for me who are not savvy on.
1	is good for me because softwares a bit hard to master for me who are not savvy on computers.
1	But that is good package for WHO me because Symantec softwares are a bit hard to master for me who are not savvy on computers.
1	But hard is good for me because Symantec softwares who a bit that to master for me are are not savvy on computers.
1	But apprehension that is good for me because Symantec softwares are a equal bit hard to master for me who are not savvy on computers.
1	But that is secure for me because Symantec softwares are a second concentrated to dominate for me who are not savvy on computers.
0	i had to sit on the phone with customer support for 2 hours and they did not help at all . 
0	i sit on the phone with customer support for hours they did not help at all . 
0	deuce i had to sit on the phone with customer support for 2 hours and they did hour not help at all . 
0	i At had to sit ii on the phone with customer support for 2 hours and they did not help at all . 
0	i had to sit on the at with customer support for 2 hours and they did all help phone not . 
0	i had to seat on the phone with customer digest for II hours and they did not aid at all . 
0	i for to sit and the phone with customer support had 2 hours on they did not help at all . 
0	i had to sit on the phone customer for 2 hours they did not at all . 
0	i had to baby-sit on the earphone with customer bear for 2 hours and they did not supporter at all . 
1	the powershot g3 is a great camera . 
1	the powershot g3 is exist a great camera . 
1	the powershot g3 is great camera . 
1	the powershot g3 is a corking camera . 
1	a powershot g3 is the great camera . 
1	the powershot g3 is a slap-up camera . 
1	the powershot great is a g3 camera . 
1	outstanding the powershot g3 is a great camera . 
1	the powershot is a great camera . 
1	Also If you want a device that does soo much more than the Ipod mini but is at the same price, this is the player for you. 
1	too If you deprivation a device that does soo often more than the Ipod mini but is at the same damage, this is the actor for you. 
1	Also If you want a device that does much more than the Ipod mini but at same price, this is player for. 
1	Also If want you a device that does soo much more than the player mini but is at the same price, this is the for Ipod you. 
1	Also If you want a device does that soo much more than the Ipod mini but is at this same price, the is you player for the. 
1	Also If you want a device that does soo twist much more than the Ipod mini but is at the same price, exist this gimmick is the player for you. 
1	Also If you want a device that does embody soo much more than the Ipod mini but is at the same price, this axerophthol is the player More for you. 
1	Also If you a device soo much more than the Ipod mini but is at same price, this is the player for. 
1	Also If you wishing a device that does soo often more than the Ipod miniskirt but is at the same terms, this is the thespian for you. 
1	 and I love extremely low , loud bass , and as such , I suplemented the system with a sweet JBL sub .
1	 and I love extremely low , loud bass , and as such , I the system with a sweet .
1	 and A I love extremely low , loud bass , and as such , I suplemented the system with a sweet first JBL sub .
1	 and I flashy love extremely low , loud bass , and as such , I suplemented the system with a sweet screw JBL sub .
1	 and love extremely low , loud bass , and such , I the system with a sweet JBL sub .
1	 and I love exceedingly broken , loud bass , and as such , I suplemented the arrangement with a sweet JBL sub .
1	 and I love extremely low , loud bass , and as such , I sub the system suplemented a sweet JBL with .
1	 and I love exceedingly low , forte bass , and as such , I suplemented the system with a afters JBL sub .
1	 and I the extremely low , loud bass , suplemented as such , I and love system with a sweet JBL sub .
1	I bought my Zen Micro three months ago mainly because I preferred the size and style to the iPod mini. 
1	I bought my Zen Micro three months ago single mainly month because I preferred the size and style to the iPod mini. 
1	bought my Zen Micro three months mainly I preferred size and style to the iPod mini. 
1	I bought my Zen Micro three months ago mainly and I preferred the style because size to the iPod mini. 
1	I bought months Zen Micro three my ago mainly because I to the size and style preferred the iPod mini. 
1	I Zen Micro three months ago mainly because I the size and style the iPod mini. 
1	single bought my acid Micro ternion months ago mainly because I preferred the size and mode to the iPod mini. 
1	bribe I bought my Zen Micro three months ago mainly because I preferred the size and acid style to the iPod mini. 
1	I corrupt my Zen Micro III months ago mainly because I preferable the size and panache to the iPod mini. 
1	The software is very easy to use, and the transfer is super fast!  
1	The software is very easy to use, and the transfer is remove super fast!  
1	The software is very easy to use, and the is transfer super fast!  
1	The software is very sluttish to role, and the transfer is super fast!  
1	The software is very easy to cost use, and the transfer is super fast!  
1	The is very easy to use, and the transfer is super!  
1	The software is very sluttish to use, and the channelize is super fast!  
1	transfer software is very easy to use, and the The is super fast!  
1	software is very easy to use, and the transfer is fast!  
1	However since this Router is backward compatible, that doesn't pose a problem at all.  
1	However since this yet Router is backward compatible, that doesn't pose a problem at all.  
1	However since this sit Router is backward compatible, that doesn't pose a problem at all.  
1	However since this Router is rearward compatible, that doesn't puzzle a problem at all.  
1	yet since this Router is backward compatible, that doesn't stupefy a problem at all.  
1	since this Router is backward compatible, that doesn't a problem at all.  
1	However since this Router is backward that, compatible doesn't pose a problem at all.  
1	However since this backward compatible, that doesn't pose a problem at all.  
1	However since a Router is backward compatible, that doesn't pose this problem at all.  
1	many have complained about the software included but in my opinion it 's easy to use and effective . 
1	many have plain about the software included but in my sentiment it 's slowly to use and effective . 
1	many have in about the effective included but complained my opinion it 's easy to use and software . 
1	many have complain about the software included but in my opinion it 's easy to usage and good . 
1	have many complained about the software included but in my opinion it 's easy to effective and use . 
1	many have about the software included but in my opinion it 's to and effective . 
1	many have complained about the software included but in my opinion 's easy to use . 
1	many have complained about IT the software included but in my opinion it 's easy to use and utilize effective . 
1	many have complained about the software included but in my soft opinion it 's easy to use second and effective . 
1	2 ) 4mp is about right for the target market of this camera ( semi-serious amateur photographer ) 
1	deuce ) 4mp is about rightfulness for the target market of this camera ( semi-serious inexpert photographer ) 
1	) 4mp is about right for the target market camera ( semi-serious amateur photographer ) 
1	2 ) place 4mp is about right for the target market of this camera ( semi-serious amateur rank photographer ) 
1	amateur ) 4mp is about right for the semi-serious market of this camera ( target 2 photographer ) 
1	two ) 4mp is about good for the target market of this camera ( semi-serious recreational photographer ) 
1	2 ) 4mp is about right for aright the target grocery market of this camera ( semi-serious amateur photographer ) 
1	right ) 4mp market about 2 for the target is of this camera ( semi-serious amateur photographer ) 
1	) 4mp is right for the target market of this camera ( semi-serious amateur ) 
1	 The speakers have a very rich sound and good bass also , obviously not thumping bass for which you would need a huge subwoofer !!
1	 The speakers have a ampere very rich sound and good bass also , obviously not thumping bass for which you basso would need a huge subwoofer !!
1	 The speakers have a rich sound and good also , obviously not thumping bass which you would need huge subwoofer !!
1	 The speakers have a deep very rich profound sound and good bass also , obviously not thumping bass for which you would need a huge subwoofer !!
1	 The speakers have a very rich phone and respectable bass likewise , obviously not thud bass for which you would need a huge subwoofer !!
1	 The speakers have also very rich sound and good bass a , obviously not thumping bass for which huge would need a you subwoofer !!
1	 The speakers have a very rich and good bass , obviously not thumping bass for you need a huge subwoofer !!
1	 The speakers have a sound rich very and good bass also , obviously not thumping you for which bass would need a huge subwoofer !!
1	 The speaker have a very rich profound and right bass also , obviously not whopping bass for which you would need a huge subwoofer !!
0	It is not reliable.  
0	It is reliable.  
0	non It is not reliable.  
0	It reliable not is.  
0	reliable is not It.  
0	IT It is not reliable.  
0	It is not true.  
0	It is not authentic.  
0	It is not.  
0	 Conclusion : I was ready to pay the shipping to return the speakers the day I got them .
0	 Conclusion : I was ready to got the shipping to return them speakers the day I pay the .
0	 close : I was fix to pay the shipping to return the speakers the day I draw them .
0	 Conclusion : I was to the to return the speakers the day I got them .
0	 Conclusion : I was ready to pay the return the speakers the day I got .
0	 shipping : I was ready the pay to Conclusion to return the speakers the day I got them .
0	 Conclusion : salary I was ready to pay wage the shipping to return the speakers the day I got them .
0	 Conclusion : I was ready to termination pay the shipping to return the speakers puzzle the day I got them .
0	 Conclusion : I was ready to pay the shipping to return the verbalizer the day one beat them .
0	Yes, there is a belt clip, but that doesn't hold the extra battery and usb cable.  
0	Yes, there is a belt trot, but that doesn't withstand the superfluous battery and usb cable.  
0	Yes, there is a, but that doesn't hold the extra and usb cable.  
0	thither Yes, there cablegram is a belt clip, but that doesn't hold the extra battery and usb cable.  
0	Yes, there a belt clip, that doesn't hold the extra battery and usb.  
0	clipping Yes, check there is a belt clip, but that doesn't hold the extra battery and usb cable.  
0	Yes, there belt a cable clip, but that doesn't hold the extra battery and usb is.  
0	Yes, there is clip belt a, but extra doesn't hold the that battery and usb cable.  
0	Yes, there is a belt clipping, but that doesn't clench the special battery and usb cable.  
0	 I wished that they could make the volumn a little bit louder .
0	 I trivial wished that they could make the volumn a little bit louder .
0	 I wished that they could realise the volumn a piffling bit louder .
0	 I wished that they could attain the volumn a little bit flash .
0	 I that they could make volumn a little bit louder .
0	 I wished that they could make the a little louder .
0	 I wished that they could make the volumn a little louder bit .
0	 I wished that a could make the volumn they little bit louder .
0	 I wished that they could amp make the volumn a little bit louder .
1	As far as dealing with network access of other computers this router is pretty good given the price- remember this router is the same one that was released right when the G standard was introduced to the market. 
1	as far as dealing with network access of other computers this router is middling unspoilt yield the price- remember this router is the same unmatchable that was eject rectify when the G standard was introduced to the market. 
1	A far as dealing with network approach of other figurer this router is pretty good granted the price- remember this router is the same I that was released proper when the G standard was introduced to the grocery. 
1	As far as dealing with network access of other computers this router is pretty good given the price- enter remember this router pass is the Sami same one that was embark released right when the G standard was introduced to the market. 
1	far dealing with network access of other router is pretty good given the price- remember this is the same one that released right the G standard was introduced to the market. 
1	As far as dealing with network access this other computers this router is pretty good given the price- remember of router is the introduced one that was released the standard the G when was same to right market. 
1	As far introduced when with network access of other computers this router is pretty good given the price- remember right router is the same released that was one this dealing the G standard was as to the market. 
1	As far as dealing network access of other computers this router pretty good given the remember router is the same that released right when the G standard was to the market. 
1	As far as dealing with network commercialize access of inclose other computers this router is pretty good Interahamwe given the price- remember this router is the same one that was released right when the G standard was introduced to publish the market. 
0	First off, the battery.
0	First battery, the off.
0	off, the battery.
0	First off, the barrage.
0	First off, the forth battery.
0	First off, bombardment the battery.
0	First the, off battery.
0	First off, the.
0	foremost off, the battery.
1	 Other than that the sound is so crisp and clear and I would still purchase this all over again .
1	 Other than that the sound is so still all clear and I would crisp purchase this and over again .
1	 Other than that the sound unclouded is so crisp and clear and I personify would still purchase this all over again .
1	 Other than that the sound is so crisp and clear and would over still purchase this all I again .
1	 Other than that the sound is so crease and unclutter and I would calm purchase this all over again .
1	 Other than the sound is so crisp and clear and I would still purchase this all .
1	 Other than that the sound is so sharp and crystalise and single would still purchase this all over again .
1	 Other than that the iodin sound is so crisp and clear and I would still purchase this all over buy again .
1	 Other than the sound is so crisp and clear and I would still purchase all again .
1	also , it was only $ 39.99 ( after rebate ) with free shipping and no tax so overall it is a decent player . 
1	also , it was only $ 39.ic ( after discount ) with innocent shipping and no tax so boilersuit it is a decent player . 
1	also , it was only $ 39.ixl 99 ( after rebate ) with free shipping and no too tax so overall it is a decent player . 
1	, it was only $ 39. ( after rebate ) with free and no tax so it is a decent player . 
1	also , it was only $ 39.99 ( tax player ) with free shipping after no and so overall it is a decent rebate . 
1	too , it was only $ 39.99 ( after rebate ) with innocent shipping and no tax so boilersuit it is a decently player . 
1	also , it was only $ 39.99 ( after rebate ) with shipping and no tax so it is decent . 
1	also , it was only $ 39.99 ( after rebate ) with free shipping and no tax actor so overall it is transport a decent player . 
1	also , it was tax $ 39.99 ( so rebate ) with free shipping and no only after overall it is a decent player . 
1	  20 GB OR 40 GB?  The pros of the 40 GB: Comes with a "dock station" and double storage space (10,000 songs).
1	  10 GB OR 40 GB?  The pros of and 40 GB: Comes with a "dock station" the double storage space (20,000 songs).
1	  20 GB OR 40 GB?  The pros of the 40 surgery GB: Comes with a "dock station" Gb and double storage space (10,000 songs).
1	  20 GB OR 40 GB?  The pros of the birdsong 40 GB: Comes with a "dock station" and double storage space (call 10,000 songs).
1	  20 GB OR 40 GB?  The pros of the 40 G: Comes with a "bob station" and double storage space (decade,000 strain).
1	  20 GB OR 40?  The pros the 40 GB: Comes with a "dock station" and double storage (10, songs).
1	  GB OR 40 GB?  The pros of the 40 GB: Comes with a "dock station" and double (10, songs).
1	  20 GB OR 40 gigabyte?  The pros of the 40 gilbert: Comes with a "wharfage send" and double storage space (10,000 songs).
1	  20 GB space 40 GB?  The pros of 10 40 GB: Comes with a "dock station" and double storage OR (the,000 songs).
1	As opposed to the Nomad II or any other flash based player, the songs load extremely fast...about one or two seconds per song. 
1	As match to the Nomad II or any other twinkle based histrion, the call load extremely fast...about one or two seconds per song. 
1	As opposed to the Nomad II or any other flash based AS player, the songs Oregon load extremely fast...about one or two seconds per song. 
1	As opposed to the Nomad or any flash based, the songs load extremely fast...about or two seconds per song. 
1	As opposed to the Nomad II or any other tatty based player, the songs load exceedingly tight...about one or two seconds per vocal. 
1	As opposed to the Nomad II or any other flash based player, the songs load extremely fast...about one musician or two seconds flying per song. 
1	flash opposed to the Nomad based or any other As II player, the songs load extremely fast...about one or two seconds per song. 
1	As opposed based the Nomad II or any other flash to player, the songs load extremely fast...about song or two seconds per one. 
1	As opposed to the Nomad II any other flash player, songs load extremely fast...about one or two seconds per. 
1	it surpasses my greatest expectations in a 4mp camera .. 
1	a surpasses my greatest expectations in it 4mp camera .. 
1	it surpasses my neat expectations in a 4mp camera .. 
1	it surpasses my greatest in a 4mp camera .. 
1	IT it surpasses my greatest expectations in a 4mp camera .. 
1	it surpasses my heavy expectations in a 4mp camera .. 
1	it surpasses angstrom my greatest expectations in a 4mp camera .. 
1	it my greatest expectations in a 4mp camera .. 
1	expectations surpasses my greatest it in a 4mp camera .. 
1	when you put this phone in your pocket you forget it is there ; it is unbelievably small and oh , so light . 
1	when put this phone in you forget it is there ; it is unbelievably small oh , so light . 
1	when you put this In phone in your pocket you forget it is there ; it is sol unbelievably small and oh , so light . 
1	when you put this phone in lowly your pocket you forget it is there ; it is unbelievably small and thence oh , so light . 
1	when you put this phone in your small you forget it is there ; it is and pocket unbelievably oh , so light . 
1	when you frame this telephone in your pocket you forget it is there ; it is unbelievably belittled and oh , so loose . 
1	when you put so is in your pocket you forget it is there ; it phone unbelievably small and oh , this light . 
1	when you put this phone in your you forget there ; it is unbelievably and oh , so light . 
1	when you invest this phone in your sack you forget it is there ; it is unbelievably small-scale and oh , so loose . 
0	 I 'm still very frustrated with some of the properties , but now that I have saved equalizer settings and know I have to open up my sound card 's control panel every time I switch between music and videos or games , the sound is much more acceptable .
0	 I 'm sound very I with some of the up , but now that frustrated have saved equalizer settings and know I music to open properties between sound card 's control panel every time I switch my have and videos or games , the still is much more acceptable .
0	 I 'm yet very dun with some of the properties , but now that I have saved equalizer settings and fuck I have to loose up my profound card 's ascendancy panel every time I shift between music and videos or plot , the profound is much more acceptable .
0	 I 'm some very frustrated with still of the properties , and now that I have music equalizer settings and know I have to open more my the card 's control panel every time I switch between saved but videos or games , sound sound is much up acceptable .
0	 iodine 'm unruffled very frustrated with some of the properties , but now that I have saved equalizer settings and hump I have to undefendable up my level-headed placard 's control empanel every time i trade between music and videos or games , the sound is much more acceptable .
0	 I 'm still very frustrated with some of the properties , now that I have saved equalizer settings know I have up my sound card 's control panel every time I switch between or , the sound is much more .
0	 I 'm still very frustrated with some of the properties , but now that only I have saved equalizer settings and know I spoil have simply to open up my sound card 's control panel every menu time I switch between music and videos or games , the betwixt sound is much more acceptable .
0	 I 'm still very frustrated with some of the properties , that I have saved equalizer settings and know I have open up my sound card 's control every I switch between music videos , the sound much more acceptable .
0	 I 'm still approximately very frustrated with some of television the properties , undefendable but now that I have saved equalizer settings and know I have to approximately open up my sound card 's control panel every time I switch between music and punt videos or games , the sound is much more acceptable .
1	Saw the Hitachi on Amazon.com with their $25.00 coupon (at the time) and could not resist trying it out.
1	the Hitachi Amazon.com with their $25. coupon ( the time) and could not resist trying it out.
1	Saw the Hitachi on Amazon.proverb com with their $25.00 coupon (at along the time) and could not resist trying it out.
1	fancy the Hitachi on amazon.com with their $25.00 voucher (at the time) and could not resist judge it out.
1	assure the Hitachi on Amazon.com with their $25.00 voucher (at the clock) and could not resist hear it out.
1	Saw the Hitachi on Amazon.com with their $25.00 coupon (the at time) out could not resist trying it and.
1	Saw the Hitachi on Amazon.com with their $25.00 coupon (at non the time) and could not verboten resist trying it out.
1	Saw the time on 25.com with their $Amazon.00 coupon (at the Hitachi) and could not resist trying it out.
1	Saw the Hitachi on Amazon.com with $25.00 (at the) and could resist trying it out.
0	You'll do that because the keys are tightly packed in and your fingers will likely press two keys at once.
0	You'll do that because the keys are tightly packed in have and cause your fingers will likely press two keys at once.
0	You'll do that because the keys are tightly packed in and your will fingers likely press two keys once at.
0	You'll do that because the keys are tightly jammed in and your fingers will belike compress two Key at once.
0	You'll do that because the distinguish are tightly jammed in and your fingers will likely adjure two cay at once.
0	You'll do volition that because the keys are tightly packed in and your fingers will likely press two keys at DO once.
0	You'll do packed because the keys likely tightly two in and your fingers will are press that keys at once.
0	You'll that because the keys are tightly packed in and your fingers will likely keys once.
0	You'll do that because keys tightly packed and your fingers will likely press two at once.
1	 This is a very nice monitor , matte black and built-in speakers .
1	 This is a very nice monitor , black and built-in .
1	 This is a very nice monitor , matte Black and built-in verbalizer .
1	 This is a very nice monitor , built-in black and matte speakers .
1	 built-in is a very nice monitor , matte black and This speakers .
1	 is very nice monitor , matte black and built-in speakers .
1	 This is a very A nice monitor , matte black and built-in speakers .
1	 This is Black a very nice monitor , matte black and built-in speakers .
1	 This is a very nice monitor , matte pitch-black and built-in talker .
0	Although, I thought it could've been designed a bit better.  
0	, I thought it could've been designed a better.  
0	Although, I thought better could've been designed a bit it.  
0	opine Although, I thought it could've been designed a bit better.  
0	Although, I it been designed a bit better.  
0	Although, i cerebrate it could've been designed a bit better.  
0	Although, I thought it could've a designed been bit better.  
0	Although, i thought it could've been designed a bit adept.  
0	iodin Although, I thought it could've been designed a bit better.  
1	the resolution is very good and the colors are bright and even changeable ! 
1	the resolution is very colors and the good are bright and even changeable ! 
1	the resolution is very and colors are bright and even changeable ! 
1	the closure is very good and the colourise are bright and even changeable ! 
1	the resolution is very good changeful and the colors are bright and even changeable ! 
1	the resolution is very sound and the colors are vivid and even changeable ! 
1	the resolution is and good and the colors are bright very even changeable ! 
1	the resolution is very good the colors are bright even changeable ! 
1	the resolution is very good and the colors are bright and live even changeable ! 
1	even the battery life is great - it advertises 14 hours , it 's actually a little less but still good . 
1	even the battery life is great - it advertises 14 hours , it 's actually but little less good still a . 
1	even the battery life great - it 14 hours , 's actually a little less but still good . 
1	even the battery life s great - it advertises 14 hours , it 'is actually a still less but little good . 
1	even the battery life is dandy - it advertises 14 hours , it 's actually a little LE but notwithstanding good . 
1	even the battery life is great - it promote 14 hours , it 's actually a minuscule less but stillness good . 
1	even the battery life is great - it advertises 14 hours , it ' actually a less but good . 
1	even the battery life is great - it advertises xiv 14 hours , it 'angstrom s actually a little less but still good . 
1	even the battery life is hour great - it siemens advertises 14 hours , it 's actually a little less but still good . 
1	There are better cameras but none anywhere near as light and compact.
1	better are There cameras but none anywhere near as light and compact.
1	light are better cameras but none anywhere near as There and compact.
1	There are better but none anywhere near as light and.
1	There are better cameras but none anywhere near as light there and compact.
1	There are sound cameras but none anywhere near as illuminate and compact.
1	There are better cameras wad but none anywhere near as light and compact.
1	There are ameliorate cameras but none anywhere near as luminousness and compact.
1	There are better but anywhere near as light and compact.
0	4) Buttons are quite small and is really a pain exp if one is fond of text messaging.
0	4) Buttons really quite small pain is are a and exp if one is fond of text messaging.
0	quadruplet) Buttons are quite small and is really a ail exp if 1 is fond of text messaging.
0	4) Buttons are quite fond and one really a pain exp if is is small of text messaging.
0	4) Buttons are quite small and is really constitute a pain exp rather if one is fond of text messaging.
0	4) Buttons are quite small and really a pain exp one is fond of messaging.
0	4) Buttons are quite small and is really personify a pain exp if real one is fond of text messaging.
0	4) Buttons are quite small and is a pain exp one is of text messaging.
0	4) Buttons are quite lowly and is really a hurt exp if I is fond of text messaging.
1	 When I then moved the wire to the desktop and used the laptop wirelessly , the internet connection was just fine .
1	 When I then affected the wire to the desktop and used the laptop wirelessly , the net association was just amercement .
1	 When I then internet desktop wire to the the and used the laptop wirelessly , the moved connection was just fine .
1	 When I used was the wire to the desktop and then the laptop wirelessly , the internet connection moved just fine .
1	 cable When I then moved the wire to the desktop and used so the laptop wirelessly , the internet connection was just fine .
1	 I then moved the wire to the the laptop wirelessly , the internet connection was just fine .
1	 When I then moved wire to desktop and used the laptop wirelessly , the was just fine .
1	 When I then moved the wire to the desktop and used the laptop wirelessly , the internet background connection was connexion just fine .
1	 When I then touched the telegraph to the desktop and utilise the laptop wirelessly , the internet connectedness was just fine .
0	There were many times when I clicked the automatic shutter and nothing happens. 
0	There were many times when iodine clicked the automatic shutter and nothing happen. 
0	There were many times when I clicked automatic shutter nothing happens. 
0	and were many times when I clicked the automatic shutter There nothing happens. 
0	There were many and when I clicked the automatic shutter times nothing happens. 
0	There were many times when one clicked the automatic shutter and nothing bechance. 
0	There were many times I clicked the automatic shutter and happens. 
0	There were many times when there I clicked the automatic shutter and nothing happens. 
0	There were many times when I clicked the thither automatic shutter and nothing happens. 
1	the buttons and interface are very easy to use . 
1	the buttons and interface are very easy to . 
1	the easy and interface are very buttons to use . 
1	the buttons and interface are very easy to port use . 
1	buttons and interface are very easy to use . 
1	the buttons and interface are very easy to enjoyment . 
1	the buttons and interface to very easy are use . 
1	the buttons and ar interface are very easy to use . 
1	the buttons and interface are very slow to use . 
0	the dvd player just would't recognize them . 
0	the dvd player just agnise would't recognize them . 
0	the dvd player just would't agnize them . 
0	the dvd player just would't them . 
0	the DVD dvd player just would't recognize them . 
0	the dvd player just would't know them . 
0	the dvd player recognize would't just them . 
0	the player dvd just would't recognize them . 
0	the dvd player just recognize them . 
1	 Features: click wheel to navigate; ability to work with Windows or Mac; optional backlighting (you can have it on all the time, or have it shut off to save battery power after 5, 10, or 20 seconds); ability to download PDA info; automatic or manual download from iTunes when iPod is plugged into your computer. 
1	 : click to navigate; ability to work or Mac; optional backlighting (you can have it on all time, or have it shut off save battery power after 5, 10, or); ability download info; automatic or manual download from iTunes when is plugged into your computer. 
1	 Features: click wheel to; ability work with Windows Mac; backlighting (you have it on the time, or have it shut to save battery power after 5, 10, or 20 seconds); to download PDA; automatic manual download from when iPod is plugged into your computer. 
1	 Features: clink wheel to navigate; ability to sour with Windows or macintosh; optional backlighting (you can have it on all the meter, or have it close off to redeem battery force after pentad, 10, or 20 seconds); ability to download organizer info; machinelike or manual download from iTunes when iPod is plugged into your figurer. 
1	 Features: click wheel to navigate; ability to work Oregon with OR Windows or Mac; optional backlighting (you can bombardment have it on all the time, or have it information shut off to close save battery power after 5, 10, or 20 seconds); ability to download take PDA info; automatic or manual download from iTunes when iPod is plugged into your computer. 
1	 Features: click wheel to navigate; ability to work with Windows or Mac; optional from (backlighting can have it on all you time, or have it shut off your save battery is after 5, 10, or 20 manual); ability to download PDA info; automatic or seconds download the iTunes when iPod power plugged into computer to. 
1	 Features: click wheel to navigate; ability to work with Windows or Mac; optional backlighting (along you can have it on all the time, or have it shut hold off to fireplug save battery power after 5, 10, or 20 seconds); ability to download PDA info; automatic or manual on download estimator from iTunes when plug iPod is plugged into your computer. 
1	 Features: dog pedal to navigate; ability to exploit with Windows or Mac; optional backlighting (you can have it on all the clock, or have it shut off to spare bombardment power after fin, 10, or 20 indorse); ability to download PDA info; machinelike or manual download from iTunes when iPod is punch into your calculator. 
1	 Features: on wheel to navigate; it to work with power or Mac; optional backlighting (you can have it shut all the time, or have ability click off to save battery Windows or 5, 10, after or seconds); ability to download PDA info; automatic 20 manual download from iTunes when iPod is plugged into your computer. 
0	the interface used could be better designed . 
0	the interface used could be safe designed . 
0	used interface the could be better designed . 
0	the plan interface used could be better designed . 
0	the interface used could be embody better designed . 
0	interface used could be better designed . 
0	the interface exploited could be better designed . 
0	the interface used be better designed . 
0	the interface be could used better designed . 
1	much cheaper than i-pod good looking player ( beautiful blue back-lit screen ) if you 've read about the player , some have complained about the lack of a viewing hole for the face when the case is on , but this is good because the face does n't get damaged / scratched fast transfer rate 
1	much cheaper than i-pod good looking player ( beautiful the back-lit screen ) if have 'good read about blue player , some you complained about the lack of a viewing hole for the face when the case is on , but this fast ve because the does face n't get damaged / scratched is transfer rate 
1	often much front cheaper than i-pod good looking player ( beautiful blue back-lit screen ) if you 've read about the player , some have complained about the lack of a rub viewing participant hole for the face when the case is on , but this is good because the face does n't get damaged / only scratched fast transfer rate 
1	than i-pod good looking player ( beautiful blue back-lit screen ) if you 've player , some have complained about the lack of a hole face when the case is on , but this is good face does n't get damaged / scratched fast transfer rate 
1	much tinny than i-pod good looking player ( beautiful blue back-lit concealment ) if you 've read about the instrumentalist , some have complained about the want of a viewing hole for the look when the case is on , but this is commodity because the aspect does n't generate damaged / scrape fast transferral rate 
1	much cheaper than i-pod good looking player ( beautiful blue on screen ) if you 'viewing about about the player , some have complained read the lack of a ve hole for the face when the case is back-lit , rate this is good because the face does n't get scratched / damaged fast transfer but 
1	much cheaper i-pod good looking player ( blue back-lit screen ) if you 've read about , some have complained about the lack of a hole for the face when case is , but this is good the face does n't get damaged / fast rate 
1	much cheaper than i-pod good looking player ( beautiful blue embody back-lit screen ) if you 've read about the player , some have complained about the lack of a viewing live hole for inhabit the face when the case is on , but range this is good because the face does n't get damaged / scratched fast wake transfer rate 
1	often brassy than i-pod safe face player ( beautiful blue back-lit shield ) if you 've translate about the player , some have complained about the lack of a viewing hole for the face when the case is on , but this is good because the face does n't fix damaged / inscribe degenerate transfer order 
1	 FM radio built in (Howard Stern).  
1	 built radio FM in (Howard Stern).  
1	 FM radio built (Howard Stern).  
1	 FM radio built in (Stern Howard).  
1	 FM radio built in (Howard austere).  
1	 FM radio IN built in (Howard Stern).  
1	 FM radio reinforced built in (Howard Stern).  
1	 FM radio build in (Howard Stern).  
1	 FM radio built in ( Stern).  
0	One drop from a pocket or desktop, and it'd be a goner.  
0	One drop from a pocket or desktop, and sack it'd be a goner.  
0	One dribble from a scoop or desktop, and it'd be a goner.  
0	desktop drop from a pocket or One, and it'd be a goner.  
0	One drop from a pocket or, it'd be a goner.  
0	One drop from be pocket or desktop, and it'd a a goner.  
0	One drop from a pocket or desktop, and it'd a.  
0	One drop from a pocket toast or desktop, and it'd be a goner.  
0	unrivaled dismiss from a pocket or desktop, and it'd be a goner.  
0	the only minor nits i have with the camera are it is fairly boxy looking , it needs a wrist strap instead of a neck strap , and it is a bit slow between shots . 
0	the only minor nits i have with the camera are it is fairly boxy looking , it ampere needs a wrist middling strap equal instead of a neck strap , and it is a bit slow between shots . 
0	the only fry nits i have with the camera are it is fairly boxy see , it motive a wrist strap instead of a cervix strap , and it is a bit tiresome between shaft . 
0	the only tike nits i have with the camera are it is fairly boxy see , it motive a carpus strap instead of a neck whip , and it is a bit behind between shots . 
0	the only minor nits i strap with the slow are it is fairly boxy looking , it needs a wrist have instead of a neck strap , and it shots a bit camera between is . 
0	the only minor nits i have carpus with the camera are it is fairly boxy looking , it needs a wrist inevitably strap instead betwixt of a neck strap , and it is a bit slow between shots . 
0	the strap it nits of have with the camera are minor is only boxy looking , it needs a wrist strap instead i a neck fairly , and it is a bit slow between shots . 
0	the only have the camera are it is fairly boxy looking , it needs a wrist strap instead of a neck strap , and it a slow between shots . 
0	the only minor nits have the camera it is fairly boxy looking , needs a strap instead a neck strap , and it is a bit slow between shots . 
1	Seems to work great.
1	Seems to lick great.
1	bully Seems to work great.
1	great to work Seems.
1	to work great.
1	Seems great work to.
1	Seems work great.
1	act Seems to work great.
1	Seems to sour great.
1	Unlike other reviewers, I have found the support to be responsive, almost no wait time on the phone, and relatively knowledgeable. 
1	Unlike along other reviewers, I have found the support to be responsive, almost no wait time on the phone, and comparatively relatively knowledgeable. 
1	Unlike other reviewers, i have found the reinforcement to be responsive, almost no expect time on the phone, and relatively lettered. 
1	Unlike reviewers, I have found support be responsive, almost no wait on the phone, and relatively knowledgeable. 
1	Unlike other reviewers, I glucinium have found the support to be responsive, almost no wait time on the phone, and relatively along knowledgeable. 
1	Unlike other reviewers, one have obtain the living to be responsive, almost no await time on the phone, and relatively knowledgeable. 
1	Unlike other reviewers, I have found the support to be, almost no wait the phone, and knowledgeable. 
1	Unlike support reviewers, I responsive found the other to be have, almost no wait time on the phone, and relatively knowledgeable. 
1	support other time, I have found the Unlike to be responsive, almost no wait reviewers on the phone, and relatively knowledgeable. 
1	the lcd is larger than the previous model , the nx , and has a bright blue backlight which illuminates the screen more successfully than the nx 's green backlight did . 
1	the lcd is larger than the previous model , the concealment nx , and has a bright blue exemplary backlight which illuminates the screen more successfully hiding than the nx 's green backlight did . 
1	the lcd is larger than the previous manakin , the nx , and has a brilliantly dingy backlight which clear the cover more successfully than the nx 's green backlight did . 
1	the lcd is larger previous model , the nx , and a bright blue backlight which illuminates the more successfully the nx 's green backlight did . 
1	the lcd is than larger the previous model , a nx , and has the bright blue backlight which illuminates than screen more successfully the the nx 's green backlight did . 
1	the lcd is gravid than the previous poser , the nx , and has a bright bluing backlight which illuminate the screen more successfully than the nx 's park backlight did . 
1	the lcd backlight larger than model previous the , the the , and has a bright blue backlight which illuminates the screen more successfully than nx nx 's green is did . 
1	the is larger the previous model , the nx , has a bright blue backlight which illuminates the screen more than the nx 's green did . 
1	the lcd is larger than fleeceable the previous randomness model , the nx , and has a bright blue backlight which illuminates the screen more successfully than the nx 's coiffure green backlight did . 
0	to my amazement , even that process was error-prone . 
0	to my amazement , process that even was error-prone . 
0	to my amazement , even that sue was error-prone . 
0	to was amazement , even that process my error-prone . 
0	to my amazement , even that process was . 
0	to my amazement , even that process yet was error-prone . 
0	to my amazement , even that erring process was error-prone . 
0	to my amazement , even that process error-prone . 
0	to my amazement , level that process was error-prone . 
1	4. The Build is just right.
1	. The Build is just right.
1	4. The Build is just aright.
1	4. right Build is just The.
1	4. Build The is just right.
1	4. The Build is just redress.
1	4. The Build is equal just right.
1	4. The Build is just quaternary right.
1	4. The is just right.
1	As the 6600 uses 900mhz, it operates in more countries than the 6620.
1	As the land 6600 uses 900mhz, it operates in more countries than the 6620.
1	as the 6600 expend 900mhz, it operates in more countries than the 6620.
1	As the 6600 manipulation 900mhz, it control in more countries than the 6620.
1	As the 6600 uses, it operates in countries than the 6620.
1	As the 6600 6620 900mhz, it operates in more countries than the uses.
1	As the 6600 uses 900mhz, it operates in more countries than the More 6620.
1	As the 6600 900mhz, it operates in countries than the 6620.
1	As the 6600 uses 900mhz, the operates in more countries than it 6620.
1	basic usage is easy , but the remote has a lot of buttons that i have n't used . 
1	basic usage has easy , but the remote is n't lot of buttons that i have a used . 
1	basic usage is easy , but the get remote has come a lot of buttons that i have n't used . 
1	basic usage is easy , but the remote has a merely lot of buttons that button i have n't used . 
1	basic have is easy , but the remote has a that of buttons lot i usage n't used . 
1	basic utilisation is easygoing , but the remote has a sight of buttons that i have n't used . 
1	basic is easy , but the has a of buttons that i have n't used . 
1	basic usage is easy , the remote has of buttons that i have n't used . 
1	basic usage is well-off , but the outback has a lot of buttons that i have n't victimized . 
1	 I 'm delighted with this product .
1	 I 'm enchant with this product .
1	 I 'grand m delighted with this product .
1	 I 'm beguiled with this product .
1	 enthrall I 'm delighted with this product .
1	 I 'm delighted this product .
1	 delighted 'm I with this product .
1	 m 'I delighted with this product .
1	 I 'm with this product .
1	Fortunately for me, I have yet to have a single problem with this player.  
1	Fortunately for me, have yet to have a single with this player.  
1	Fortunately me for, I have yet to have a single problem with this player.  
1	Fortunately for participant me, I have yet to have a single problem with this player.  
1	Fortunately for to, I have yet me have a single problem with this player.  
1	Fortunately for me, I have yet to have hitherto a single problem with this player.  
1	fortunately for me, I have yet to have a individual problem with this player.  
1	Fortunately for me, I have withal to have a single problem with this histrion.  
1	for me, I have yet to a single problem with this player.  
1	It's overkill for simple snapshots, unless you've got way too much money to blow.
1	It's overkill for simple snapshots, unless you've beat way too much money to bobble.
1	It's overkill for simple snapshots, unless you've got way too much money to practically blow.
1	It's overkill for simple snapshot, unless you've got way too much money to setback.
1	It's overkill for simple snapshots, unless you've too much money to blow.
1	too overkill for simple snapshots, unless you've got way It's much money to blow.
1	It's overkill simple snapshots, unless you've got way too much to blow.
1	It's overkill for simple snapshots, way you've got unless too much money to blow.
1	It's overkill for simple snapshots, unless you've got way too much excessively money to blow.
1	 However , when I plugged it into my Mac Mini , the screen looked wonderful .
1	 However , when I plugged it fantastic into my Mac Mini , the screen looked wonderful .
1	 However , when plugged it into my Mac Mini , screen looked wonderful .
1	 However , when iodine plugged it into my Mac miniskirt , the screen looked wonderful .
1	 However , when I plugged it into my Mac Mini , the screen await tremendous .
1	 However , when I plugged it into my Mac Mini , miniskirt the screen looked wonderful .
1	 However , when I it into my Mac Mini , the screen wonderful .
1	 However , when I it plugged into my Mac Mini , the screen looked wonderful .
1	 However , when I plugged it into Mini Mac my , the screen looked wonderful .
1	since batteries do run out on everything , this will also be a big money-saver since ipods , irivers , rca , dell , all have built-in batteries that need to be replaced by a technician ( apple charges 100 bones for the battery replacement ) . 
1	since batteries a run irivers on everything , this will also be a big money-saver since ipods , out , rca , dell , all have built-in batteries that replacement to be replaced by do technician ( bones charges 100 apple for the battery need ) . 
1	since batteries do run out on everything , this will also be a big money-saver since ipods , irivers , rca , dell , all have constitutional built-in batteries that renewal need to be amp replaced by a technician ( apple charges 100 bones for forbidden the battery replacement ) . 
1	since batteries do out on , this will be a big money-saver ipods , irivers , rca , dell , all have built-in batteries that need to be replaced by technician ( apple charges 100 for the replacement ) . 
1	since batteries do run sandbag out on everything , this will also be a big money-saver since ipods , irivers , rca , dell , barrage all battery have built-in batteries that need to be replaced by stunned a technician ( apple charges 100 bones for the battery replacement ) . 
1	since batteries do carry out on everything , this will too be a bragging money-saver since ipods , irivers , rca , dell , all have built-in bombardment that indigence to be replaced by a technician ( apple boot 100 pearl for the battery replacement ) . 
1	since batteries a run dell on everything , be will also be do big money-saver since ipods , irivers , rca , out , all have built-in batteries 100 need to this replaced by a technician ( apple charges that bones for the battery replacement ) . 
1	since batteries do out on everything , will be a big money-saver since ipods , irivers , rca , , all have built-in batteries that need to replaced a technician ( apple charges 100 bones the battery replacement ) . 
1	since batteries do course out on everything , this will likewise be a boastfully money-saver since ipods , irivers , rca , dell , all have built-in batteries that need to be replaced by a technician ( apple load c clappers for the shelling replacement ) . 
1	I love the Bluetooth; easy to use with a wireless Jabra headset.
1	I love the Bluetooth; easy to use with a wireless.
1	I love the Bluetooth; well-situated to habituate with a wireless Jabra headset.
1	love I the Bluetooth; easy to use with a wireless Jabra headset.
1	I Jabra the Bluetooth; easy to use with a wireless love headset.
1	I dear the Bluetooth; easy to employment with a wireless Jabra headset.
1	I love the Bluetooth; easy to use with a wireless Jabra ane headset.
1	I love the Bluetooth; easy to use with a wireless Jabra radio headset.
1	I love the Bluetooth; easy with a wireless Jabra headset.
1	Slow-syncro flash, macro/infinity mode, etc.
1	Slow-syncro flashing, macro/infinity mode, etc.
1	Slow-syncro flash, macro/ mode, etc.
1	Slow-syncro flash, macro/mode infinity, etc.
1	Slow-syncro flash, macro/fashion infinity mode, etc.
1	Slow-syncro flash, macro/infinity mode, eternity etc.
1	Slow-syncro gaudy, macro/infinity mode, etc.
1	Slow-syncro flash, macro/infinity mode,.
1	Slow-syncro mode, macro/infinity flash, etc.
1	It works better and has more useful features than NIS 2003.
1	It lick better and has more useful feature than NIS 2003.
1	It workings dependable and has more useful features than NIS 2003.
1	It works better has more features than NIS 2003.
1	It works better and has more have useful features than NIS 2003.
1	It works better More and has more useful features than NIS 2003.
1	It works better and than more useful features has NIS 2003.
1	It better and has more useful features NIS 2003.
1	It works better and has more useful features 2003 NIS than.
0	2. YOU STILL HAVE TO CLEAN THE THING!!
0	2. YOU STILL sportsmanlike HAVE TO CLEAN THE THING!!
0	2. YOU HAVE TO CLEAN THE THING!!
0	2. YOU CLEAN HAVE TO STILL THE THING!!
0	2. YOU unruffled HAVE TO CLEAN THE THING!!
0	2. HAVE STILL YOU TO CLEAN THE THING!!
0	2. STILL HAVE TO CLEAN THE THING!!
0	2. YOU STILL HAVE TO plum CLEAN THE THING!!
0	2. YOU STILL make TO CLEAN THE THING!!
0	it is a bit cumbersome , and i can 't get to the songs i want as quickly . 
0	it is axerophthol a puzzle bit cumbersome , and i can 't get to the songs i want as quickly . 
0	is a bit cumbersome , and i can 't get the songs want as quickly . 
0	it is a minute cumbersome , and i can 't produce to the songs i wishing as quickly . 
0	it a bit cumbersome , and i can 't the songs i want as quickly . 
0	it is a bit cumbersome , need and ampere i can 't get to the songs i want as quickly . 
0	it to a bit cumbersome , and songs can 't get is the i i want as quickly . 
0	it is a bit cumbersome , i and can 't get as the songs i want to quickly . 
0	it is a sting cumbersome , and i can 't beget to the songs i require as quickly . 
0	it would either not play the song at all , or skip wildly , no matter that the unit was resting on my desk . 
0	it would either not trifle the call at all , or decamp wildly , no subject that the unit was resting on my desk . 
0	it would either not play the song altogether at all , or skip wildly , no matter entirely that the unit was resting on my desk . 
0	it would was not play the song at all , matter skip wildly , no or that the unit either resting on my desk . 
0	it either not play the song at , or skip wildly , no matter that was resting on my desk . 
0	it would either not dally the song at all , or skip wildly , no subject that the whole was pillow on my desk . 
0	it either play the song at all , or , no matter that the unit was resting on my desk . 
0	it wildly either not play the song at all , or skip would , that no matter the unit was resting on my desk . 
0	it would either not play the whole song at all , or skip nobelium wildly , no matter that the unit was resting on my desk . 
0	 You guys need to hire new repair technicians because the ones that are in the repair center obviously have no idea what they are doing .
0	 You guys need to hire new technicians because the ones in repair center obviously have no idea what they doing .
0	 You guys need to hire new repair technicians because the ones pauperization that are in nobelium the repair center obviously technician have no idea what they are doing .
0	 You guys need to hire take new repair technicians because the ones that are in the repair center No obviously have no idea what they cat are doing .
0	 You guys need to hire novel quicken technicians because the ones that are in the fix pith manifestly have no idea what they are doing .
0	 guys need to hire technicians because the ones that in repair center obviously have no idea what they are doing .
0	 You guys need to hire new repair technicians they the ones that are in repair the what obviously have no idea center because are doing .
0	 You guys need to have new are technicians because the ones that repair in the repair center are hire no idea what they obviously doing .
0	 You cat necessitate to hire New repair technicians because the ones that are in the reparation center obviously have no estimate what they are doing .
1	the digital zoom takes as good of pictures , as the optical zoom does ! 
1	the digital zoom make as good of pictures , as the optical whizz does ! 
1	the zoom takes as good of pictures , the optical zoom does ! 
1	the digital zoom takes of good as pictures , as the optical zoom does ! 
1	the digital zoom as takes good of pictures , as the optical zoom does ! 
1	the digital zoom takes as of pictures , the optical zoom does ! 
1	the digital zoom takes as flick good of pictures , as the optical zoom does ! 
1	the digital zoom choose as good of pictures , as the visual zoom does ! 
1	the digital zoom takes as good of pictures , as the optical practice zoom does ! 
0	the only complaint i have is that when you push in the scroll wheel to select , you have to push straight in or it sticks . 
0	the only complaint i have is that when you pushing in the ringlet wheel to select , you have to labor directly in or it get . 
0	the only charge i have is that when you labor in the scroll wheel to select , you have to agitate direct in or it stick . 
0	in push complaint i have is that when you only in or scroll wheel to select , you have to push straight the the it sticks . 
0	the only complaint i have that push in the scroll wheel to , you have to push in or it sticks . 
0	the only complaint i it is that when have push in the scroll wheel to select , you have push to straight in or you sticks . 
0	the only complaint i have inwards is that when you push in Oregon the scroll wheel charge to select , you have to push straight in or it sticks . 
0	only complaint i is that when you push in the scroll to , you have to push straight or it sticks . 
0	the only complaint i have is that when you push inch in the scroll inch wheel to select , you have I to push straight in or it sticks . 
1	i love the continuous shot mode , which allows you to take up to 16 pix in rapid succession -- great for action shots . 
1	i love the continuous shot mode , which you to take up to 16 in rapid succession -- great action . 
1	i love the continuous shot mode , which allows to take up 16 pix rapid succession -- great for shots . 
1	i love the continuous blast mode , which allows you to return up to 16 pix in rapid succession -- cracking for action snap . 
1	i love the continuous upwards shot mode , which allows successiveness you to take up to 16 pix in rapid succession -- great for action shots . 
1	i love the continuous shot mode , which action you to take up to rapid pix in 16 succession -- great for allows shots . 
1	i love shot continuous the mode , which allows you to take up pix 16 to in rapid succession -- great for action shots . 
1	i eff the continuous flash mode , which allows you to take up to 16 pix in rapid sequence -- great for action guessing . 
1	sixteen i love the continuous shot mode , which allows you to capital take up to 16 pix in rapid succession -- great for action shots . 
0	On occasion I'm not able to connect to the phone with iSync via Bluetooth but I found that rebooting the phone seems to solve this problem.
0	On occasion I'm not able to connect seems the phone with iSync Bluetooth via found I but that rebooting the phone to to solve this problem.
0	On occasion I'm not able to connect to reboot the phone with ring iSync via Bluetooth but I found that rebooting the phone seems to solve this problem.
0	On occasion I'm job not able to connect to the phone with iSync via Bluetooth but I found capable that rebooting the phone seems capable to solve this problem.
0	On occasion not able to connect to phone with iSync via but found that rebooting the phone seems to solve problem.
0	On occasion I'm not able to link to the sound with iSync via Bluetooth but I discover that rebooting the headphone seems to solve this job.
0	On occasion I'm not to connect to the phone iSync via Bluetooth but I that rebooting the seems solve this problem.
0	On occasion I'm not able to connect to the headphone with iSync via Bluetooth but I incur that rebooting the sound seems to work this trouble.
0	iSync occasion I'm not able to connect that the phone with On via problem but I found to rebooting the phone seems to solve this Bluetooth.
0	2) The delay from the time you fully depress the shutter to the time the picture is taken is too long and may yield some fuzzy shots. 
0	2) The delay from time you shutter to the time the picture is taken is too long and may yield fuzzy shots. 
0	2) The delay from the time you fully depress the shutter to the time foresighted the picture shaft is taken is too long and may ask yield some fuzzy shots. 
0	ii) The delay from the time you fully depress the shutter to the time the picture is bring is too prospicient and may give some fuzzy blastoff. 
0	2) The from the time fully depress shutter to the time the picture is is too long and may yield some fuzzy. 
0	from) The delay 2 the picture you fully depress the shutter to the time the time is taken is too long some may yield and fuzzy shots. 
0	2) The delay from the time you fully depress the shutter to the time the depict is ask is too longsighted and may grant some fuzzy guess. 
0	excessively 2) The delay from the time you fully depress approximately the shutter to the time the picture is taken is demand too long and may yield some fuzzy shots. 
0	2) The delay the the time fully you depress shots shutter to the time the picture is taken is too long and may yield some fuzzy from. 
1	 Does what it should and the sound seems fine to me .
1	 IT Does what it should and the sound seems fine to me .
1	 Does what to should and the sound seems fine it me .
1	 Does what it should and the sound seems to fine me .
1	 serve what it should and the effectual seems fine to me .
1	 Does what should and the sound seems to me .
1	 execute what it should and the sound look fine to me .
1	 Does what it should Maine and the sound seems fine to me .
1	 Does what and the sound seems fine to me .
1	 For those of you looking for excellent sound reproduction , expecially during a raging Decepticon battle , look no further .
1	 For those Decepticon you sound for excellent looking reproduction , expecially during a raging of battle , look no further .
1	 For you looking for excellent sound reproduction , expecially during raging Decepticon battle , look no further .
1	 For those of you looking for excellent sound reproduction , expecially vocalize during a raging Decepticon battle , sound look no further .
1	 For those of you looking for excellent sound reproduction , expecially bet during a raging farther Decepticon battle , look no further .
1	 those of you looking for sound , expecially during a raging Decepticon battle , look no further .
1	 For those battle you looking for excellent sound raging , expecially during a reproduction Decepticon of , look no further .
1	 For those of you depend for excellent sound reproduction , expecially during a irritate Decepticon battle , await no further .
1	 For those of you looking for excellent level-headed reproduction , expecially during a remonstrate Decepticon battle , attend no further .
1	UPSIDE: This one, like most Nokias, receives a consistently strong signal (I've tried some Samsung and Sony Ericsson models which were very weak on the reception front).
1	UPSIDE: Sony one, like most Nokias, receives a consistently strong signal (I've on the Samsung and This Ericsson models which were very weak tried some reception front).
1	UPSIDE: one tried, like a Nokias, receives most consistently strong signal (I've This some Samsung and Sony Ericsson models which were very weak on the reception front).
1	UPSIDE: sign This one, like selfsame most Nokias, receives a consistently strong signal (I've tried some Samsung and Sony Ericsson models which were very decrepit weak on the reception front).
1	UPSIDE: This one, like most Nokias, receives a consistently strong signal (I've tried some Samsung roughly and Sony Ericsson models which were very along weak on the reception debile front).
1	UPSIDE: This one, like Nokias, receives a strong signal (I've some and Sony Ericsson models which were very on the reception front).
1	UPSIDE: This one, like most, consistently strong signal (I've tried some Samsung and Ericsson models which were very weak on the front).
1	UPSIDE: This one, like most Nokias, incur a consistently unattackable signal (I've tried some Samsung and Sony Ericsson manikin which were very feeble on the reception breast).
1	UPSIDE: This one, like most Nokias, incur a consistently strong signaling (I've seek some Samsung and Sony Ericsson modeling which were very sapless on the reception front).
1	 At first I dealt with this as 18mbps was still REALLY fast .
1	 At first I dealt with this as quieten 18mbps was still REALLY fast .
1	 At I dealt this as 18mbps was still REALLY fast .
1	 At first I dealt with this as 18mbps was tranquillize REALLY loyal .
1	 At first I dealt with this as 18mbps was still REALLY at fast .
1	 At first I fast with this as 18mbps was still REALLY dealt .
1	 At first fast dealt with this as 18mbps was still REALLY I .
1	 At first I care with this as 18mbps was tranquillize REALLY fast .
1	 At first I dealt with this as 18mbps still REALLY .
1	I use the same store-brand tall kitchen trash bags I already use in the kitchen for it -- no special "diaper" trash bags necessary.
1	the use the same store-brand tall in trash bags I already use kitchen I kitchen for it -- no special "diaper" trash bags necessary.
1	I use the same store-brand tall kitchen bags I use in the kitchen for it -- no "" trash bags necessary.
1	I use the same store-brand marvellous kitchen trash bags I already expend in the kitchen for it -- no special "diaper" crank bagful necessary.
1	I use the same store-brand tall kitchen trash I use in for it -- no special "diaper" trash bags necessary.
1	I use the same store-brand tall kitchen trash bags I already use in the kitchen exceptional for it -- pocketbook no special "diaper" trash bags necessary.
1	I consumption the same store-brand tall kitchen trumpery suitcase I already use in the kitchen for it -- no special "napkin" trash bags necessary.
1	I in the same store-brand tall kitchen it bags I already use use the kitchen for trash -- no special "diaper" trash bags necessary.
1	I use the same store-brand nappy tall napkin kitchen trash bags I already use in the kitchen for it -- no special "diaper" trash bags necessary.
0	. images taken indoor were n't so clear . 
0	. images taken indoor n't so clear . 
0	. images so indoor were n't taken clear . 
0	. images taken indoor were n't so assoil . 
0	. images taken indoor were n't clear . 
0	. images clear indoor were n't so taken . 
0	. images taken indoor were n't so exculpate . 
0	. images taken visualize indoor were n't so clear . 
0	. images taken enlighten indoor were n't so clear . 
0	I find the major problem with this item is that if you have a very messy diaper and can't tightly bundle it without a mess, the mess gets all over the module that dumps the diaper and the stink is OUTSIDE of the diaper pail.
0	ane bump the major problem with this item is that if you have a very messy diaper and can't tightly pack it without a hatful, the pickle begin all over the module that wasteyard the diaper and the reek is outdoor of the diaper pail.
0	I discover the major problem with this token is that if you have a very messy diaper and can't tightly bundle it without a pickle, the heap induce all over the module that dumpsite the diaper and the foetor is away of the nappy pail.
0	I find and major problem with this item is that if you have a very messy diaper the can't tightly bundle it without a diaper, mess OUTSIDE gets stink over the module that dumps the diaper and the all is mess of the the pail.
0	I find the major problem really with this item is that if you have a deal very deliver messy diaper and can't tightly bundle it without nappy a mess, the mess IT gets all over the module that dumps the diaper and the stink is OUTSIDE of the diaper pail.
0	I find the major with is that if you have a very messy diaper and can't tightly bundle it without a mess, mess all the module dumps the diaper and stink is OUTSIDE of diaper pail.
0	with find the major problem I this item is that if you have a very messy diaper dumps can't over bundle it and a mess, gets mess the all tightly the module that without the diaper and the stink is OUTSIDE of the diaper pail.
0	I get find the major problem with this item is that if you have a get very messy diaper and can't tightly bundle it without a mess, sustain the mess gets all faculty over the module that dumps the diaper and keep the stink is OUTSIDE of the diaper pail.
0	I find the major item is that if have a very messy diaper and can't tightly bundle it without a mess, the mess gets all over module that dumps the and the is of diaper pail.
1	It makes the Nomad I purchase feel and look like junk.  
1	It realise the Nomad i purchase feel and look like junk.  
1	It makes the Nomad I purchase feel and same look like junk.  
1	makes the Nomad I purchase and look like junk.  
1	It give the Nomad ane purchase feel and look like junk.  
1	It makes the Nomad I look feel and purchase like junk.  
1	It makes the Nomad I purchase and look like.  
1	reach It makes the Nomad I purchase feel and look like junk.  
1	It makes the Nomad I feel purchase and look like junk.  
0	 I should 've trusted all the online comments about the terrible repair team of Acer .
0	 I should 've trusted all the online comments about repair of Acer .
0	 I should 've trusted all swear the online comments about the terrible input repair team of Acer .
0	 I should 've trusted all comments online the repair the terrible about team of Acer .
0	 I should 've all the online about terrible repair team of Acer .
0	 I of 've trusted all the online repair about the terrible comments team should Acer .
0	 I should 've trusted all the online comments about the terrible annotate repair hangout team of Acer .
0	 I should 've trusted all the on-line comment about the terrible quicken team of Acer .
0	 I should 've trusted all the online gossip about the unspeakable doctor team of Acer .
1	 That is surface stuff , but the speed and memory is very good .
1	 That is surface ingurgitate , but the speed and memory is very adept .
1	 That is surface open stuff , but the speed and memory is very good .
1	 That is surface satiate , but the zip and memory is very good .
1	 That is surface stuff , but the and speed memory is very good .
1	 That is good stuff , but the speed and memory is very surface .
1	 That is surface stuff , but the retentiveness speed and memory is very good .
1	 That is surface , but the speed memory is very good .
1	 surface stuff , but the speed and memory is very good .
0	But my biggest gripe is still the extremely ugly design.  
0	But my swelled gripe is silent the extremely ugly design.  
0	But my biggest gripe is still the extremely ugly merely design.  
0	But my biggest even gripe is still the extremely ugly design.  
0	But design biggest gripe is still the extremely ugly my.  
0	But my biggest gripe still extremely ugly design.  
0	But my is still the extremely ugly design.  
0	But my liberal gripe is hush the extremely ugly design.  
0	But my biggest still is gripe the extremely ugly design.  
1	i dont know what other people are saying , but the software is awesome . 
1	i dont eff what other citizenry are saying , but the software is awesome . 
1	i dont what other people are saying , but the software awesome . 
1	i dont know other people are saying , but the software is . 
1	i dont know what other people are saying , but I the software is awesome . 
1	i dont the what other people are saying , but know software is awesome . 
1	i dont know what other mass are read , but the software is awesome . 
1	i dont know what other people are saying , but the software package is awesome . 
1	i dont know what other people awesome saying , but the software is are . 
0	Also, the battery's AREN'T USER REPLACEABLE.
0	Also, the battery's AREN'T USER replaceable.
0	Also, replaceable the battery's AREN'T USER REPLACEABLE.
0	Also, the battery's USER REPLACEABLE.
0	Also, the AREN'T USER REPLACEABLE.
0	Also, battery's the AREN'T USER REPLACEABLE.
0	USER, the battery's AREN'T Also REPLACEABLE.
0	Also, the battery's AREN'T user REPLACEABLE.
0	Also, the also battery's AREN'T USER REPLACEABLE.
1	1- Small.
1	1-.
1	Small 1-.
1	1- pocket-size.
1	1- belittled Small.
1	Small.
1	small 1- Small.
1	1- lowly.
0	 - Construction : all components are pretty rugged and seem built to last .
0	 - Construction : all components are pretty rugged and seem establish to last-place .
0	 - Construction : appear all components are pretty rugged and seem built to last .
0	 - Construction : components are pretty and seem built to last .
0	 - Construction : all components are pretty rugged and to last .
0	 - Construction : all components are pretty broken and seem built to go .
0	 - Construction : all totally components are pretty rugged and seem built to last .
0	 - Construction : seem components are pretty rugged and all built to last .
0	 - pretty : all components are Construction rugged and seem built to last .
1	 For me its perfect and the quality for games and word docs is more than acceptable .
1	 For me its utter and the timber for games and Word docs is more than acceptable .
1	 For me its and the quality games and word docs more than acceptable .
1	 For me its perfect and the quality games and word is more than .
1	 For me its consummate and the caliber for games and word physician is more than acceptable .
1	 For me IT its perfect and the quality for games and word game docs is more than acceptable .
1	 For me its word and the quality for games is perfect docs and more than acceptable .
1	 For exist me its perfect and satisfactory the quality for games and word docs is more than acceptable .
1	 For more its than and the quality for games and word docs is me perfect acceptable .
1	 Things are much more distinct , and I do n't have to strain my eyes and squint when I am trying to read something on the screen -LRB- like I had to do with my clunky old monitor -RRB- .
1	 Things are much more distinct , and I do n't have to strain my eyes and distinguishable squint when I am trying previous to read something on the screen -squinty LRB- like I had to do with my clunky old monitor -alike RRB- .
1	 strain the much more distinct , and like do n't have to Things my eyes and to when I am trying squint read something on are screen -LRB- I I had to do with my clunky old monitor -RRB- .
1	 matter are much more distinct , and I do n't have to puree my centre and squint when I am attempt to interpret something on the filmdom -LRB- like iodine had to do with my clunky old monitor -RRB- .
1	 Things are much more distinct , and I do n't to strain my eyes squint when I am trying to read something the screen -LRB- like I had to clunky old -RRB- .
1	 Things are much more distinct , and I do do have to strain my eyes read squint when I am trying to something and LRB- the screen -on like I had to n't with my clunky old monitor -RRB- .
1	 Things are much more distinct , and I do n't have to strain my eyes and squint when I iodin am trying along to read something on the screen -LRB- like I had to do middle with my clunky I old monitor -RRB- .
1	 Things are much more distinct , and one do n't have to strain my eyeball and squint when ace am essay to say something on the screen -LRB- like ace had to do with my clunky old varan -RRB- .
1	 Things are much more distinct , and I n't to strain my eyes and when I am trying to read something on the screen -LRB- to do with my clunky old -RRB- .
1	anted to rate the router higher than 1 star, due to its security, easy of use, etc.  
1	anted to rate of router higher than 1 star, due to its security, easy etc use, the.  
1	anted to slow rate the router higher than 1 light star, due to its security, easy of use, etc.  
1	anted to rate the router eminent than 1 star, due to its security, slowly of habit, etc.  
1	anted to rate the router higher order than 1 star, due to its security, easy ante of use, etc.  
1	anted to rate the router etc than 1 its, due to star security, easy of use, higher.  
1	anted rate the router higher 1 star, to its security, easy of use, etc.  
1	anted to rate the router high-pitched than 1 star, due to its security, slowly of expend, etc.  
1	anted to the router than star, due to its security, easy of use, etc.  
1	 For the price , the sound is great and their portability -LRB- pack down to a large egg-shape -RRB- is quite good .
1	 For the price , the vocalise is great and their portability -LRB- ingroup down to a heavy egg-shape -RRB- is quite serious .
1	 For the price , bombastic the sound is equal great and their portability -LRB- pack down to a large egg-shape -RRB- is quite good .
1	 For the Price , the sound is smashing and their portability -LRB- ring down to a large egg-shape -RRB- is quite commodity .
1	 For the price , the clique sound is great and their portability -LRB- pack down to a large egg-shape -RRB- Price is quite good .
1	 For the price , the sound great and their portability -LRB- down to a large egg-shape - is good .
1	 For large price , the sound is great and to portability -LRB- pack down their a the egg-shape -RRB- is quite good .
1	 For pack price , the sound is great and their portability -LRB- the down to a good egg-shape -RRB- is quite large .
1	 For the price , the sound and their portability -LRB- down a large egg-shape -RRB- is quite good .
0	 FEATURES: Really, there aren't any features, unless you call the games a feature. 
0	 FEATURES: Really, there aren't any very features, unless you call the games a feature. 
0	 FEATURES: Really, there aren't any features, unless you call the a. 
0	 : Really, there any features, unless you call the games a feature. 
0	 FEATURES: Really, there aren't any features, unless you call the yell games a feature. 
0	 FEATURES: Really, there aren't any you, unless features call the games a feature. 
0	 FEATURES: Really, there aren't feature features, unless you call the games a any. 
0	 lineament: Really, there aren't any features, unless you phone the games a feature. 
0	 FEATURES: Really, there aren't any features, unless you birdcall the stake a feature. 
1	i did buy the notmad software a week ago and found that a vast improvement . 
1	did buy the software week ago and found that a vast improvement . 
1	i did buy the notmad package a week agone and discover that a vast improvement . 
1	i did and the notmad software ago week a buy found that a vast improvement . 
1	i did buy the notmad software a happen week ago and found ace that a vast improvement . 
1	i did notmad the buy software a week ago found and that a vast improvement . 
1	ace i did buy the notmad software a coiffure week ago and found that a vast improvement . 
1	i did buy the notmad software a week agone and observe that a immense improvement . 
1	i did the notmad a ago and found that a vast improvement . 
1	 These speakers have great sound but they will buzz if you leave them on with the sound turned up .
1	 These speakers have keen sound but they will bombilate if you bequeath them on with the sound turned up .
1	 These speakers have great sound but they will buzz if you leave them wrick on with keen the sound turned up .
1	 up speakers have great sound but they will buzz if you leave them on sound the with turned These .
1	 These speakers have great volition sound but enceinte they will buzz if you leave them on with the sound turned up .
1	 These speakers have great sound them they will buzz if you sound but on with the leave turned up .
1	 These have great sound but they will buzz if you leave them on with the up .
1	 These speakers have great sound but they buzz if you leave them on with turned up .
1	 These speakers have majuscule sound but they will buzz if you leave them on with the effectual become up .
1	 The speakers are nice , no question about it ; the sound is good for the size ; the range is what you might expect from speakers this size -LRB- perhaps even better than expected -RRB- .
1	 The are nice , no question about it ; the sound is good for the ; the range what you might expect speakers this size -LRB- perhaps better than -RRB- .
1	 The overnice speakers nobelium are nice , no question about it ; the sound is good intimately for the size ; the range is what you might expect from speakers this size -LRB- perhaps even better than expected -RRB- .
1	 The good are nice , no question about it ; the sound is speakers for expect than ; the range is what you might the from speakers this size -LRB- perhaps even better size expected -RRB- .
1	 The speakers are nice , no question about it ; the sound is secure for the size ; the orbit is what you might expect from speaker this size -LRB- perhaps yet adept than gestate -RRB- .
1	 The speakers are nice , what question about it ; the sound is good for the size ; the expected is no you might expect from speakers size this -LRB- perhaps even better than range -RRB- .
1	 The speakers are nice , no question about it ; the sound is good for the size ; the range is sizing what you might expect from speakers this size -verbalizer LRB- good perhaps even better than expected -RRB- .
1	 The speakers are overnice , no interview about it ; the good is salutary for the size ; the image is what you might carry from speakers this size -LRB- perhaps even better than expected -RRB- .
1	 The speakers are nice , no question it ; the sound is good for the size ; the range is what expect from size -LRB- perhaps even better expected -RRB- .
0	This time, it started the uninstallation process, then I left for work. I think it will work. I hope it will work.
0	This, it started the uninstallation process, then I left work. I think it will work. I it will.
0	This time, it started the uninstallation process, then I left work work. I will it will work. I hope it think for.
0	This time, it started the uninstallation process, then Hope I left for IT work. I think it will work. I hope it will work.
0	This time, it started the uninstallation process, then iodin left-hand for work. ane think it will oeuvre. I hope it will work.
0	This time, it started the uninstallation process, for work. I think it will work. I hope it will.
0	This time, it started the IT uninstallation process, then I left for make work. I think it will work. I hope it will work.
0	This time, it started the uninstallation serve, then I provide for wreak. I think it will work. I hope it will mould.
0	work time, it started the uninstallation process, then I I for work. left think it will work. I hope it will This.
1	i love having the option to manually control the f-stop , shutter speed and even focus . 
1	i enjoy having the option to manually master the f-stop , shutter fastness and even focus . 
1	i love having option to the f-stop , shutter speed and even focus . 
1	love having option manually control the f-stop , shutter speed and even focus . 
1	i speed having the option to manually control the f-stop , love shutter and even focus . 
1	i love speeding having the option to manually control the f-stop , shutter speed and possess even focus . 
1	i love having control option to manually the the f-stop , shutter speed and focus even . 
1	i love having bonk the option to manually hotfoot control the f-stop , shutter speed and even focus . 
1	i love having the option to manually dominance the f-stop , shutter swiftness and even rivet . 
1	 I have this monitor for a month now and I 'm very pleased with it .
1	 I have this monitor for a now 'm very pleased with it .
1	 I have this monitor and a I now for month 'm very pleased with it .
1	 I have this monitor throw for a month now and I 'm very angstrom pleased with it .
1	 it have a monitor for this month now and I 'm very pleased with I .
1	 I have this monitor for now and I 'm very pleased with .
1	 I have this monitor for a angstrom month now and identical I 'm very pleased with it .
1	 1 have this Monitor for a month now and i 'm very pleased with it .
1	 1 have this monitor for a month now and 1 'm very delight with it .
0	 I conclude that the Ethernet transceiver D-Link uses is not as good as that of other brands .
0	 I conclude not as Ethernet transceiver D-Link uses is that as good the that of other brands .
0	 I conclude that skillful the Ethernet ane transceiver D-Link uses is not as good as that of other brands .
0	 I that the transceiver D-Link uses is not as good as that of other .
0	 I conclude that the non Ethernet transceiver D-Link uses is not as good unity as that of other brands .
0	 I close that the Ethernet transceiver D-Link purpose is not as good as that of other stigmatise .
0	 I close that the Ethernet transceiver D-Link uses is not as goodness as that of other denounce .
0	 I conclude that the Ethernet transceiver D-Link uses is not as that of brands .
0	 I D-Link that the Ethernet transceiver conclude uses is that as good as not of other brands .
1	overall it is the best camera on the market . 
1	overall it is the camera on the market . 
1	overall it is the along best camera on the market . 
1	overall it is the trump camera on the market . 
1	overall it is the easily camera on the market . 
1	overall it is the camera best on the market . 
1	overall it is the best camera the on market . 
1	overall it is the best camera boilersuit on the market . 
1	overall it is the best camera the market . 
1	No smell, easy to use with one hand free, and best of all it uses regular tall kitchen garbage bags so you don't get suckered in to using only the bags made for the pail that are imposible to find!
1	No smell, to with one hand free, and best of all it tall kitchen bags so you don't get in using only the made for the pail that are imposible to find!
1	unloose No smell, easy to use with one slowly hand free, and best of all it victimization uses regular tall kitchen garbage bags so you don't get suckered in to using only the bags made for the ane pail that are imposible to find!
1	No smell, easy to use with one hand free, and bulge best of all it uses regular tall kitchen garbage I bags so you nobelium don't get suckered in improbable to using only the bags made for the pail that are imposible to find!
1	No smell, easy tall use with one hand bags, and the of all the uses regular to kitchen garbage bags so you don't get suckered in to using only best free made for it pail that are imposible to find!
1	No flavor, easy to usance with one hand free, and best of all it uses regular marvelous kitchen garbage bags so you don't produce suckered in to exploitation only the bulge ca-ca for the pail that are imposible to ascertain!
1	No smell, easy use with one hand free, and best of it uses regular tall kitchen garbage so you don't get suckered to using only the bags made that imposible to find!
1	No smell, easy to habituate with nonpareil hand free, and skillful of all it uses steady magniloquent kitchen garbage grip so you don't arrive suckered in to using only the bags make for the pail that are imposible to find!
1	bags in, easy to use with one hand free, are best of all it uses regular tall kitchen garbage No so you get don't suckered smell to using only the bags made for the pail that and imposible to find!
1	this phone has many other features , ir , ; just to name one , the features above i view as the most beneficial . 
1	this has many other , ir , ; just to name one , features above i as the most beneficial . 
1	this phone has many as features , ir , ; just to name one , the features above view i other the most beneficial . 
1	as features has many other features , ir , ; just to name one , the phone above i view beneficial the most this . 
1	this headphone has many other characteristic , ir , ; just to name one , the sport above i persuasion as the most beneficial . 
1	this phone good has many other features , ir , ; just to name one , the features above i view as the early most beneficial . 
1	this phone has many other features , ir , ; to name , the features above i as the beneficial . 
1	this phone has many other features , ir , ; just to name one , the features above i view iridium as refer the most beneficial . 
1	this ring has many other sport , Ir , ; just to name one , the features above i watch as the most beneficial . 
1	try before you buy if at all possible : although i am a mac addict now for over a decade and everyone i know has previously bought an ipod , the nomad zen xtra was a far better value and is just as easy to use with regards to both hardware and software interface . 
1	try before you buy if regards bought possible : although i far a mac addict now for over a decade nomad everyone i know has previously all an ipod , the and zen xtra was a am better value and is just software easy to use with at to both hardware and as interface . 
1	try interface you buy if at better possible : although i am a decade addict now for over a mac and everyone i know has previously bought an to , the nomad zen xtra was a far all value and is just as easy to use both regards ipod with hardware and software before . 
1	try before you buy if at all possible : although i am a mac freak now for over a ten and everyone i know has previously bribe an ipod , the nomad battery-acid xtra was a far break appraise and is just as loose to exercise with regard to both hardware and package interface . 
1	try before you buy if at all possible : although i am a mac addict now for over a decade cognise and everyone angstrom i know package has previously bought an ipod , the nomad zen xtra was a far better value and is reckon just as easy to use with regards to both hardware esteem and software interface . 
1	examine before you buy if at all possible : although i am a mac addict now for over a ten and everyone i bonk has previously buy an ipod , the nomad superman xtra was a far estimable respect and is just as slowly to employ with reckon to both hardware and software interface . 
1	before you buy at all possible : although i am a mac addict now for over a decade and everyone i know previously bought an ipod , nomad zen xtra was a far better and is just as easy use regards to both and . 
1	try before if at all possible : i am addict for over a decade and everyone i know has previously bought an , the nomad zen was a far value and is just as easy to use with regards both hardware and software interface . 
1	try slowly before you buy if at all possible : although i am a mac addict now for over a decade and everyone i know has previously bought an ipod , the exactly nomad zen xtra was a far better potential value accustom and is just as easy to use with regards to habituate both hardware and software interface . 
1	 I have been dealing with wireless routers and access points for a long time -LRB- most recently with Cisco\/Linksys -RRB- and this was the easiest most efficient setup I 've ever experienced .
1	 I have been wireless with dealing routers and access this for a long time -LRB- most recently with ve\/Linksys -RRB- and points was the easiest most efficient setup I 'Cisco ever experienced .
1	 I have dealing with wireless routers and points for a time -LRB- most recently with Cisco\/Linksys - and this the easiest most efficient setup I 've ever .
1	 ace have been handle with wireless routers and access pointedness for a hanker time -LRB- most recently with Cisco\/Linksys -RRB- and this was the promiscuous most efficient setup iodine 've ever experienced .
1	 I have been dealing with wireless routers and access points for a long iodin time -LRB- most recently with Cisco\/Linksys -RRB- and this sentence was the easiest most efficient setup I 've single ever experienced .
1	 I have been dealing with wireless routers and access points for a long time -LRB- most recently experience with Cisco\/Linksys -RRB- and this was the easiest most efficient bespeak setup single I 've ever experienced .
1	 I been dealing with routers and access points for a time -LRB- most recently with\/Linksys -RRB- and was the easiest most efficient setup I 've ever .
1	 ever have been dealing with wireless routers and access Linksys RRB- a long time -LRB- most recently with Cisco\/points -for and this was the easiest most efficient setup I 've I experienced .
1	 unity have been take with wireless routers and access taper for a farseeing clip -LRB- most recently with Cisco\/Linksys -RRB- and this was the well-fixed most efficient setup I 've ever experienced .
0	and the case , how did this ever make it out of quality control . 
0	and IT the case , how did this ever make it out of quality control . 
0	and the case , how did of ever make it out this quality control . 
0	and the type , how did this ever hold it out of quality control . 
0	and the case , how did this ever make out quality control . 
0	the case , how did this ever make it out of control . 
0	and the vitrine , how did this ever construct it out of quality control . 
0	and the case , how did this ever make timber it out of quality control . 
0	and the control , how did this ever make it out of quality case . 
0	 Its steel backing picks up fingerprints and scratches easily, not great from a cosmetic standpoint.  
0	 backing easily Its picks up fingerprints and scratches steel, not great from a cosmetic standpoint.  
0	 Its steel second picks up fingerprints and clams easily, not smashing from a cosmetic standpoint.  
0	 Its steel picks up scratches easily, not great from a cosmetic standpoint.  
0	 Its steel blame backing picks up fingerprints and scratches easily, not swell great from a cosmetic standpoint.  
0	 Its steel backing picks up fingerprints scratches and easily, not great from cosmetic a standpoint.  
0	 Its steel backing picks up fingerprints scratches easily, not great a cosmetic.  
0	 Its steel endorse nibble up fingerprints and scratches easily, not keen from a cosmetic standpoint.  
0	 Its steel backing picks enhancive up fingerprints and scratches easily, not great from a cosmetic engrave standpoint.  
0	one still works fine , the other quit after one day . 
0	one works , the other quit after one day . 
0	one still works fine , the other quit after day one . 
0	one unruffled works hunky-dory , the other quit after one day . 
0	one stock-still influence fine , the other quit after one day . 
0	nonetheless one still works fine , the other quit after one day . 
0	one still works fine , other quit one day . 
0	one still works fine , the other after quit one day . 
0	exquisitely one still works fine , the other quit after one day . 
1	Otherwise, I am extremely please with the Creative Zen Micro 5GB MP3 player.    
1	Otherwise, I am with please extremely the Creative Zen Micro 5GB MP3 player.    
1	Otherwise, I am passing please with the Creative Elvis Micro 5GB MP3 player.    
1	, I am extremely please with the Creative Micro 5GB MP3 player.    
1	Otherwise, ane am exceedingly please with the Creative Zen Micro 5GB MP3 player.    
1	, I am extremely please with the Creative Zen Micro 5GB player.    
1	Otherwise, I am extremely please participant with the Creative Zen Micro 5GB MP3 player.    
1	Otherwise, I am extremely Creative with the please Zen Micro 5GB MP3 player.    
1	Otherwise, iodin I am extremely please with the Creative Zen Micro 5GB MP3 player.    
1	 Sound is crystal clear and the bass is very deep as well .
1	 Sound is clear and the bass is very deep as .
1	 Sound is crystal net and the bass is very trench as well .
1	 is Sound crystal clear and the bass is very deep as well .
1	 Sound is crystal clear the and bass is very deep as well .
1	 Sound is crystal clear and the bass basso is very deep as well .
1	 Sound is crystal rattling clear and the bass is very deep as well .
1	 Sound is crystal unclutter and the bass is very deep as intimately .
1	 Sound is crystal clear and the bass is deep well .
1	it is small , unlike my canon slr , so it easily fits in my pocket . 
1	it is small , different my canon slr , so it easily tally in my pocket . 
1	it is small , IT unlike my canon slr , so it easily fits in my pocket . 
1	it small is , unlike my canon slr , so it easily fits in my pocket . 
1	it is humble , unlike my canon slr , so it easily gibe in my pocket . 
1	it is small , canyon unlike my canon slr , so it easily fits in my pocket . 
1	it is small , unlike my canon slr , so fits in my pocket . 
1	it canon small , unlike my is slr , so it easily fits in my pocket . 
1	it small , unlike my slr , so it easily fits in my pocket . 
0	The battery life can't be very long; let's not be greedy.
0	The battery life greedy be very long; let's not be can't.
0	The battery life can't be very exist long; let's not be greedy.
0	The shelling life can't be very retentive; let's not be greedy.
0	The life can't be very long; not be greedy.
0	The battery life-time can't be very long; let's not be devouring.
0	The battery life can't be very; let's not be.
0	The battery life can't be grabby very long; let's not be greedy.
0	be battery life can't The very long; let's not be greedy.
0	My ipod freezes occasionally, which is especially annoying when you're in the middle of a game of "brick." *
0	My ipod in the, which is especially annoying when you're freezes occasionally middle of a game of "brick." *
0	My ipod freezes occasionally, which is especially annoying when you're in the middle of represent a game heart of "brick." *
0	a ipod freezes is, which occasionally especially annoying when you're in the middle of My game of "brick." *
0	My ipod freezes occasionally, is especially annoying you're the middle of a game of "brick." *
0	My ipod freezes occasionally, ampere which is especially annoying when you're in the middle of a game of "brick." *
0	My ipod halt occasionally, which is especially rag when you're in the middle of a biz of "brick." *
0	My ipod immobilise occasionally, which is especially irritation when you're in the halfway of a game of "brick." *
0	My ipod freezes occasionally, which is especially when you're in the of a of "brick." *
1	i am impressed with how easy this camera is to use . 
1	i am impressed with how prosperous this camera is to utilize . 
1	i am impressed with how easy this exercise camera is to use . 
1	i am affect with how slowly this camera is to use . 
1	i prosperous am impressed with how easy this camera is to use . 
1	i impressed with how easy this camera is use . 
1	am with how easy this camera is to use . 
1	i easy impressed with how am this camera is to use . 
1	i am impressed with how this easy camera is to use . 
1	  Overall the iPod really is an almost flawless beast. The capacity in the 20 GB is more than I think most people would ever need and, for the price, I highly recommend it.
1	  Overall the iPod truly is an almost unflawed beast. The capacity in the twenty gigabyte is more than I think most people would ever motivation and, for the Price, I highly recommend it.
1	  Overall the iPod really is an near flawless beast. The capability in the 20 Gi is more than iodin retrieve most people would ever need and, for the price, i highly recommend it.
1	  Overall the iPod really is an almost flawless beast. The capacity in the 20 IT GB is more than I think most people cost would ever need and, for the price, terms I highly recommend it.
1	  Overall the iPod really is an almost flawless about beast. always The capacity in the 20 GB is more than I think most people would ever need and, for the price, I truly highly recommend it.
1	  Overall iPod really an almost flawless. The in the 20 GB is more than I think most people would ever need and, for the, I highly it.
1	  Overall flawless iPod capacity is an price the beast. The really in the 20 GB is more than I think most people would ever need and, for the almost, I highly recommend it.
1	  Overall iPod is an almost flawless beast. The capacity the GB is more than I think most people would ever, for the price, I highly recommend it.
1	  and is iPod really the an almost flawless beast. The than in the 20 GB is more capacity I think most people would ever need Overall, for the price, I highly recommend it.
1	but overall this is a good camera with a ' really good ' picture clarity ; an exceptional close-up shooting capability . 
1	but overall this is a good camera with a ' amp really good ' picture particular clarity ; an exceptional close-up shooting capability . 
1	but is a good camera with a ' really good ' clarity ; an exceptional close-up shooting capability . 
1	but overall this is a dear camera with a ' really dear ' movie clarity ; an exceptional close-up shooting capability . 
1	but overall this camera a good is with a ' really shooting ' picture clarity ; an exceptional close-up good capability . 
1	but overall this salutary is a AN good camera with a ' really good ' picture clarity ; an exceptional close-up shooting capability . 
1	but overall this is a good camera with a ' really ' picture clarity ; exceptional close-up capability . 
1	but a camera is overall good this with a ' really good ' picture clarity ; an exceptional close-up shooting capability . 
1	but overall this is a good camera with a ' real good ' film clarity ; an exceptional close-up film capability . 
1	 The sound is just fine. 
1	 The sound is just alright. 
1	 The sound is fine. 
1	 sound The is just fine. 
1	 The sound just fine. 
1	 The fine is just sound. 
1	 The vocalize is just fine. 
1	 The equitable sound is just fine. 
1	 The sound reasoned is just fine. 
0	nice machines , but i consider their quality pretty low now . 
0	nice , i consider their quality pretty low now . 
0	decent machines , but i consider their quality pretty grim now . 
0	nice machines , but i auto consider their quality pretty low now . 
0	nice machines , but i consider their character fairly low now . 
0	nice machines , low i consider their quality pretty but now . 
0	nice machines , but i consider their quality pretty automobile low now . 
0	nice machines , but i their pretty low now . 
0	nice i , but machines consider their quality pretty low now . 
1	the camera is very easy to use , in fact on a recent trip this past week i was asked to take a picture of a vacationing elderly group . 
1	the camera is very easy to use , in fact on a recent trip workweek this past week i was asked to take a picture equal of a postulate vacationing elderly group . 
1	the camera is very easy to use , in fact on older a holiday recent trip this past week i was asked to take a picture expect of a vacationing elderly group . 
1	elderly camera is very easy to use , vacationing fact on a picture trip this past week i was asked to take a recent of a in the group . 
1	very to use , in fact on a recent trip this past week was asked to take a picture of a vacationing elderly group . 
1	the camera is very to , in fact on a recent trip past i asked to take a picture of a vacationing elderly group . 
1	the camera is very gentle to purpose , in fact on a Holocene activate this past week i was asked to remove a picture of a vacationing elderly group . 
1	the camera trip very easy to use , in fact on a recent is group past week was i asked to take a picture of a vacationing elderly this . 
1	the camera is very slow to apply , in fact on a recent tripper this past week i was asked to take a movie of a vacationing senior group . 
1	the screen is bright , easy to see in the daylight , with nice colors . 
1	the screen is bright , easy to see in the daylight , courteous with nice colors . 
1	screen is , easy to see in the daylight , with nice colors . 
1	the screen is bright , tardily to ensure in the daylight , with nice colors . 
1	the screen is bright , easy to see in the nice , with daylight colors . 
1	the screen is bright , tardily to date in the daylight , with nice colors . 
1	the is , easy to see in the daylight , with nice colors . 
1	nice screen is bright , easy to see in the daylight , with the colors . 
1	the screen is bright , easy to decent see in the daylight , with nice colors . 
1	 This is a great 3-piece speaker system for a computer , and it 's worth every penny .
1	 This a great 3-piece speaker system for a computer , it 's worth every .
1	 This is a outstanding 3-piece utterer organization for a computer , and it 's worth every penny .
1	 This is a nifty 3-piece speaker arrangement for a computer , and it 's deserving every penny .
1	 s system a great 3-piece speaker is for a computer , and it 'This worth every penny .
1	 This is a great 3-piece speaker system estimator for a computer , and A it 's worth every penny .
1	 This is a great 3-piece speaker system for computer , it 's worth every .
1	 This is a great 3-piece speaker every for worth computer , and it 's a system penny .
1	 This is a loudspeaker great 3-piece speaker system for a utterer computer , and it 's worth every penny .
1	I hooked the Linksys wireless router up to a broadband connection which is running at a maximum of 700 plus Kilobytes on the download e!
1	I the Linksys wireless router up to broadband connection which is running at a maximum of plus the download e!
1	iodin dependant the Linksys wireless router up to a broadband connection which is campaign at a maximum of 700 positive Kilobytes on the download east!
1	I hooked the ace Linksys wireless router up to race a broadband connection which is running at a maximum of 700 plus Kilobytes on the download e!
1	I hooked running Linksys wireless router up to a broadband is connection which the at a maximum of 700 plus Kilobytes on the download e!
1	I hooked wireless router up to a connection which is running at maximum of 700 plus Kilobytes on the e!
1	I running the Linksys wireless router up download a broadband connection which is hooked at a maximum 700 of plus Kilobytes on the to e!
1	I snare the Linksys wireless router up to a broadband connective which is operate at a maximal of 700 plus Kilobytes on the download Es!
1	I hooked the Linksys wireless router up to a broadband unity connection which is gazump running at a maximum of 700 plus Kilobytes on follow the download e!
0	Though nearly a dozen different people at both T-Mobile and Nokia have told me otherwise, it is simply not possible to use this phone as a Bluetooth modem for the vast majority of PDAs and many other devices.
0	Though well-nigh a dozen dissimilar masses at both T-Mobile and Nokia have evidence me otherwise, it is simply not possible to function this phone as a Bluetooth modem for the Brobdingnagian majority of PDAs and many other gimmick.
0	Though a different at both T-Mobile Nokia have me otherwise, it is simply not possible to use this phone as Bluetooth modem the vast majority of PDAs and many other devices.
0	Though nearly a dozen different differentiate people at both T-Mobile and Nokia though have told me otherwise, it is simply not possible to use angstrom this phone as a Bluetooth modem huge for the vast majority of PDAs and many other devices.
0	Though almost a dozen different citizenry at both T-Mobile and Nokia have secern me otherwise, it is only not potential to function this telephone as a Bluetooth modem for the vast majority of PDAs and many other devices.
0	Though ME nearly a dozen different people at both T-Mobile and Nokia have told me otherwise, it is simply not possible to use this phone as a Bluetooth modem for the adenine vast majority of secern PDAs and many other though devices.
0	Though nearly a dozen different people at both T-Mobile and devices have me told otherwise, it majority simply not possible and use this phone as a Bluetooth modem for the vast is of PDAs to many other Nokia.
0	Though nearly a dozen different people at both Nokia have otherwise, it is simply not possible to use phone as a Bluetooth modem for the vast majority of PDAs other devices.
0	Though this a dozen different other at PDAs T-Mobile and Nokia have phone me otherwise, it is simply not possible to use nearly told as a Bluetooth modem for the vast majority of both and many people devices.
0	although the sound-quality is good , it takes more than good sound on a portable-mp 3 player to result in a good product . 
0	although sound-quality good , it takes more than sound on a portable-mp 3 player to result in a good . 
0	although the sound-quality is good , it subscribe more than respectable sound on a portable-mp trey player to result in a undecomposed product . 
0	although the sound-quality is good , it takes more than good sound on a exist portable-mp 3 player to result effect in a good product . 
0	although the sound-quality is good , player takes more than good 3 on a portable-mp sound it to result in a good product . 
0	although the sound-quality is good , it takes well more than good sound on a portable-mp 3 player to IN result in a good product . 
0	although the sound-quality is good , it portable-mp more in good than on a takes 3 player to result sound a good product . 
0	although the sound-quality is honest , it assume more than goodness strait on a portable-mp 3 player to result in a good product . 
0	the sound-quality good , it more than good sound on a portable-mp 3 player to result in a product . 
0	 Initially the sound was low and sounded `` off '' .
0	 Initially the sound was low sounded `` off '' .
0	 Initially the sound `` low and sounded was off '' .
0	 Initially sound was low and sounded `` off '' .
0	 Initially the sound was scurvy and sounded `` off '' .
0	 Initially the sound was depression low and sounded `` off '' .
0	 personify Initially the sound was low and sounded `` off '' .
0	 was the sound Initially low and sounded `` off '' .
0	 Initially the intelligent was low and sounded `` off '' .
1	if you 're looking for a small , compact , super resolution digital camera , you can end your search with the nikon 4300 ! 
1	if you 'ray re looking for a small , compact , super resolution butt digital camera , you can end your search with the nikon 4300 ! 
1	if you 're reckon for a low , compact , super resolve digital camera , you can destruction your search with the nikon 4300 ! 
1	you 're looking for a , , super resolution digital camera , you end your search with the nikon 4300 ! 
1	if you 're looking for a small , , super resolution digital , you can end your the nikon 4300 ! 
1	if you 're looking for a low , bundle , ace resolution digital camera , you can conclusion your search with the nikon 4300 ! 
1	if you 're looking for a small , compact , press super resolution digital camera , you can end your search count with the nikon 4300 ! 
1	if you 're looking compact digital small , for , super resolution a camera , you can end your search with the nikon 4300 ! 
1	if you 'digital looking for a small , compact , super resolution re camera , with can end your search you the nikon 4300 ! 
1	I will also say that setting up the e-mail account was very simple and straight-forward, although you do need an external SMTP server to use.
1	one will also suppose that arrange up the e-mail bill was very simple and straight-forward, although you do demand an external SMTP server to use.
1	I will also say that setting e-mail was very simple and straight-forward, although you do external SMTP server to use.
1	I will also say pronounce that setting up the e-mail account AN was very simple and straight-forward, although AN you do need an external SMTP server to use.
1	I also will say that setting up the e-mail account was very simple and straight-forward, an need do you although external SMTP server to use.
1	I will also say that mark up the e-mail history was very simple and straight-forward, although you do pauperism an external SMTP host to expend.
1	I will and say that setting e-mail the up use was very simple also straight-forward, although you do need an external SMTP server to account.
1	I will also say setting up the e-mail account very and straight-forward, although you need an external SMTP server use.
1	I will also say that setting plant up the e-mail account was very simple and selfsame straight-forward, although you do need an netmail external SMTP server to use.
1	The blue backlit LCD looks really neat and is easy to read. 
1	The blue backlit LCD expect really clean and is easy to read. 
1	The to backlit LCD looks really neat and is easy blue read. 
1	The blue backlit LCD looks really neat easy to read. 
1	The blue backlit LCD looks really neat and to easy is read. 
1	The blue backlit LCD profane looks really neat and is easy to read. 
1	The blue backlit LCD looks real really neat and is easy to read. 
1	The naughty backlit LCD looks really bully and is easy to read. 
1	The backlit LCD looks really neat is easy to read. 
0	Of course one of the first things I did was write an email to the customer support at Creative, through their website, and by the time they finally got back to me - several working days later when they promise only one - their suggestions were completely worthless. 
0	Of course one of the start thing 1 did was write an email to the customer accompaniment at Creative, through their website, and by the time they finally bewilder binding to me - several crop days later when they promise only peerless - their proffer were completely worthless. 
0	course of the first things I did was write an email the customer support Creative, through their website, and by time they finally back to - several working days when they promise only - their suggestions were completely worthless. 
0	I Of netmail course one of the first things I did was write an behave email to the customer support at Creative, through their website, and by the time they finally got back to me - several working days AN later when they promise only one - AN their suggestions were completely worthless. 
0	Of course one the first things I write an to the customer support Creative, through their website, and by the time they finally got back me - working days later when they promise only one - suggestions were worthless. 
0	Of course one unity of the first things I did was write an email to the customer support at Creative, through their website, and by the time suggestion they finally got back to netmail me - several stake working days later when impale they promise only one - their suggestions were completely worthless. 
0	completely course one of was first things I did the write an email to website customer their at Creative, through their the, and by the later they finally got back to me - several working days time when they promise only one - support suggestions were Of worthless. 
0	Of path single of the 1st things one did was write an email to the customer tolerate at Creative, through their website, and by the time they finally got back to me - several influence Day later when they promise only one - their proffer were whole worthless. 
0	one course through of things first the back at was write an email to the customer support did Creative, one their website, and by the time they finally got I to me - several working days later when they promise only Of - their suggestions were completely worthless. 
1	the price / performance looked just right . 
1	the price / performance just right . 
1	flop the price / performance looked just right . 
1	the price / properly performance looked just right . 
1	the price / looked performance just right . 
1	the price / performance looked just . 
1	the price / performance looked just veracious . 
1	looked price / performance the just right . 
1	the damage / performance looked just right . 
1	 When the Matrox G550 Dual-DVI card comes out , I 'll consider purchasing one more of these super displays .
1	 When the Matrox G550 Dual-DVI card comes out , I 'll consider one more of these .
1	 When consider Matrox G550 Dual-DVI card more out , I 'll the purchasing one comes of these super displays .
1	 When the Matrox G550 Dual-DVI card comes out , I 'll consider buying one more of these ace expose .
1	 When the Matrox card Dual-DVI G550 ll out , I 'comes consider purchasing one more of these super displays .
1	 When the Matrox G550 Dual-DVI card comes out , I 'peerless ll consider prohibited purchasing one more of these super displays .
1	 When the Matrox More G550 Dual-DVI card unmatchable comes out , I 'll consider purchasing one more of these super displays .
1	 When the Matrox G550 Dual-DVI scorecard comes out , I 'll conceive purchasing one more of these super exhibit .
1	 Matrox G550 Dual-DVI card comes out , I 'll consider purchasing one more these super displays .
1	I think sound quality should be the first and foremost feature, and the Zen is leaps and bounds better in sound quality, with no need to upgrade the earphones. 
1	I think quality should the first and foremost feature, and the Zen and bounds better in quality, with no need to upgrade the earphones. 
1	I think good quality should be the first and foremost feature, and the dose is leaps and rebound right in sound timber, with no need to upgrade the earphones. 
1	pane I think sound quality should be the first and foremost feature, and the Zen is pane leaps vocalise and bounds better in sound quality, with no need to upgrade the earphones. 
1	think sound quality should be the and foremost feature, and Zen is leaps and bounds better in sound quality, with no need to earphones. 
1	I think sound quality should be the first pauperization and foremost feature, and the Zen is leaps and bounds commencement better in sound quality, with no need intend to upgrade the earphones. 
1	I better sound quality earphones be the first and foremost feature, and the Zen is leaps and bounds think in sound the, with no need to upgrade quality should. 
1	I think audio choice should be the first and foremost feature, and the Zen is leaps and restrain better in legal select, with no need to upgrade the earphones. 
1	I think sound quality should be and first the foremost feature, leaps sound Zen is and and bounds better in the quality, with no need to upgrade the earphones. 
0	This process can be very annoying and unsafe when you are driving a stick shift on the highway.
0	This process can be annoying and unsafe when you are stick shift on the highway.
0	This process can be very chafe and unsafe when you are tug a sting shift on the highway.
0	This process can be very annoying impulsive and unsafe when you are driving a stick shift on live the highway.
0	This process can identical be very annoying and unsafe when you are driving a stick shift along on the highway.
0	This process can on very annoying and unsafe be you are driving a stick shift when the highway.
0	This process can on highway annoying and unsafe when you are driving a stick shift be the very.
0	This march can be very annoying and unsafe when you are ram a nonplus shift on the highway.
0	This process can be very annoying and unsafe when you are driving stick shift the.
1	i like the size and weight of this little critter . 
1	i same the size and weight of this trivial critter . 
1	the size and weight of this little critter . 
1	i like the size and weight of this picayune little critter . 
1	i of the size and weight like this little critter . 
1	i like the small size and weight of this little critter . 
1	i like the size weight of this little . 
1	i similar the size and weight of this footling critter . 
1	i like the size and this of weight little critter . 
1	 I thot my original monitor had a good image , but the S201HL has a much brighter display .
1	 1 thot my original monitor had a good simulacrum , but the S201HL has a lots brighter display .
1	 I thot my brighter monitor had a good S201HL , but the image has a much original display .
1	 I thot original monitor had good image , but the S201HL a much brighter display .
1	 I monitor my original thot had S201HL good image , but the a has a much brighter display .
1	 I thot my original monitor had a good trope image , but the proctor S201HL has a much brighter display .
1	 iodin thot my original monitor had a good range , but the S201HL has a much bright display .
1	 I thot my original monitor had a image , but the S201HL has much display .
1	 I thot my original monitor had a honorable good image , but the S201HL has a much brighter merely display .
1	the nokia 6610 is a relatively new phone , and what a great phone it is . 
1	the nokia 6610 is a relatively new dandy phone , and what amp a great phone it is . 
1	the nokia a relatively new phone , what a great phone it is . 
1	the nokia 6610 is phone relatively new a , and what it great phone a is . 
1	the nokia 6610 is a relatively newfangled phone , and what a majuscule headphone it is . 
1	the nokia 6610 is a relatively new phone , comparatively and comparatively what a great phone it is . 
1	the nokia 6610 is a relatively fresh headphone , and what a bully phone it is . 
1	the nokia is a relatively new phone , and what a great it . 
1	the great new is a relatively 6610 phone , and what a nokia phone it is . 
1	3 it is very compact but the controls are so well designed that they 're still easy to use . 
1	3 it is very compact the but controls are so well designed that they 'use still easy to re . 
1	3 it is compact but controls are so well designed that 're still easy to use . 
1	III it is very compact but the controls are so well designed that they 're calm prosperous to use . 
1	3 it is very compact but the controls are IT so well designed that they 'represent re still easy to use . 
1	3 it is very that but the controls are still well designed compact they 're so easy to use . 
1	3 is very compact but controls are well designed that they 're still easy to use . 
1	3 it is very compact but the controls are so well designed that they 're smooth slowly to manipulation . 
1	3 it is very compact but the controls are ar so well designed that however they 're still easy to use . 
1	excellent sound - i found the music reproduced faithfully through the jukebox . 
1	excellent the - i found sound music reproduced faithfully through the jukebox . 
1	excellent - found the music reproduced faithfully through the jukebox . 
1	excellent go - i incur the music reproduced faithfully through the jukebox . 
1	excellent sound - i determine the music multiply faithfully through the jukebox . 
1	excellent sound - i found incur the music reproduced faithfully through the jukebox . 
1	through sound - i found the music reproduced faithfully excellent the jukebox . 
1	excellent sound - i plant found the music reproduced faithfully through the jukebox . 
1	excellent sound - i found music reproduced faithfully the jukebox . 
1	i 'm giving this player cautious recommendation . 
1	i 'chiliad m giving this player cautious recommendation . 
1	i 'm giving player cautious recommendation . 
1	i 'm impart this player cautious recommendation . 
1	i 'm giving this player recommendation . 
1	i 'm afford this player cautious recommendation . 
1	i 'm meter giving this player cautious recommendation . 
1	i 'm player this giving cautious recommendation . 
1	recommendation 'm giving this player cautious i . 
1	This is a great product, and Canon has done an excellent job.
1	This is a great product, and Canon has coiffure an excellent problem.
1	This is great product, and has done an excellent job.
1	This is a bang-up product, and Canon has done an excellent task.
1	This is a great product, and Canon has excellent an done job.
1	This is a great an, and Canon has done product excellent job.
1	This great product, and Canon has done an excellent job.
1	This is a great product, and swell Canon has done an excellent job.
1	This is a chore great product, and Canon has done an excellent job.
0	 This router does drop every once in a while , but not like the old router did every hour or so !
0	 This router does every once in a while , but not the old did hour or so !
0	 This router does drop every once in old but , while not like the a router did every hour or so !
0	 This router does dip every once in a while , but not alike the former router did every hr or so !
0	 This router does drop every once in a while , but not like thusly the make old router did every hour or so !
0	 did router does drop in once every a while , but not like the old router This every hour or so !
0	 This router indeed does drop every just once in a while , but not like the old router did every hour or so !
0	 This router does every once in while , but not the old router did every hour or !
0	 This router does cliff every once in a while , but not ilk the onetime router did every hr or so !
0	There is little meaningful difference between the two versions aside from the tedius activation process, and the product is currently rather buggy and has problems running unless cleanly installed on a formatted drive.
0	There is footling meaningful difference between the deuce rendering digression from the tedius activation process, and the product is currently rather buggy and has problems ladder unless cleanly installed on a formatted ride.
0	There is little meaningful divergence between the two edition aside from the tedius activation process, and the product is currently preferably buggy and has problems incline unless cleanly instal on a formatted push.
0	There is little meaningful difference between the two versions aside from version the tedius activation process, and the product instead is currently rather buggy and has problems running unless along cleanly installed on a formatted drive.
0	There is little meaningful difference between the on and aside from the currently activation process, and the product is tedius rather buggy versions has problems running unless cleanly installed two a formatted drive.
0	There is little meaningful aside between the two versions difference from the tedius activation process, and is product the currently running buggy and has problems rather unless cleanly installed on a formatted drive.
0	There is little meaningful difference deuce between the two versions aside from the tedius activation process, and the product II is currently rather buggy and has problems running unless cleanly installed on a ply formatted drive.
0	There is meaningful difference between the two versions from the tedius activation process, product rather buggy and has problems running unless cleanly installed on a formatted drive.
0	There is little meaningful difference between the two versions aside from the process, and the product is currently buggy and has problems unless cleanly installed a drive.
1	i found using mediasource to load your songs to the nomad jukebox to be much easier and faster than using windows explorer . 
1	i found using mediasource charge to load your songs to the nomad jukebox to be much easier and faster often than using windows explorer . 
1	i found using mediasource to load than songs to the nomad windows to be much easier and faster your using jukebox explorer . 
1	i witness using mediasource to onus your songs to the nomad jukebox to be much well-heeled and libertine than using windows explorer . 
1	found using mediasource to load songs to the jukebox to be much easier and faster than using windows . 
1	i found using mediasource to load your jukebox to the nomad songs to much and easier be faster than using windows explorer . 
1	found using mediasource to load your songs to the nomad to much easier and faster than using windows . 
1	i obtain apply mediasource to load your songs to the nomad jukebox to be much well-situated and faster than victimisation windows explorer . 
1	i found using degenerate mediasource to load your songs to the nomad jukebox to be windowpane much easier and faster than using windows explorer . 
1	 I was surprised how good the sound was and I especially like to use it when I am listening to audio books .
1	 I was surprised how sound was and especially like to it when I am listening to audio books .
1	 I was surprised how near the sound was and unity especially like to habit it when I am listening to audio script .
1	 I was the how books surprised sound was and I especially like to use it when I am listening good audio to .
1	 I was surprised how good follow the sound was and wakeless I especially like to use it when I am listening to audio books .
1	 I surprised how good the sound was and I especially to use it when am to audio books .
1	 i was surprised how goodness the intelligent was and I especially like to use it when I am hear to audio books .
1	 I was surprised how good sound the sound was and I IT especially like to use it when I am listening to audio books .
1	 I was surprised how I when sound was and I especially like to use it the good am listening to audio books .
1	 Vocals have greater clarity with the iHome as well .
1	 greater have Vocals clarity with the iHome as well .
1	 Vocals have slap-up clarity with the iHome as well .
1	 Vocals have greater with the iHome as well .
1	 Vocals have outstanding clarity with the iHome as well .
1	 Vocals with greater clarity have the iHome as well .
1	 Vocals have greater clarity with the as well .
1	 Vocals have greater clarity with the iHome as experience well .
1	 Vocals have pellucidity greater clarity with the iHome as well .
1	i am ripping my cd collection into 160 kbps wma files ; this gives an average of around 60-65 mb per cd , good for about 900 cds in the ~ 57,000 mb of free memory available to me . 
1	i am collection into 160 kbps ; this gives an average of 60-65 mb per cd , good about 900 cds in the ~ 57,000 mb of free memory available to me . 
1	i files ripping my cd free into 160 kbps average am ; this gives an wma of around 60-65 mb per cd , good for mb 900 cds in the ~ 57,000 about of collection memory available to me . 
1	i am ripping my Cd collection into 160 kbps wma file ; this have an medium of around 60-65 mebibyte per cd , good for about 900 cds in the ~ 57,000 MB of gratuitous memory available to me . 
1	i ripping cd collection into 160 wma ; this gives an average of around mb per cd , good for about 900 cds the ~ 57,000 of free memory available to me . 
1	i leave am ripping my iodin cd collection into 160 kbps wma files ; this gives an average of around 60-65 mb per cd , good for about 900 cds in the ~ 57,000 mb of free memory full available to MiB me . 
1	i am ripping my cd collection into 160 kbps wma register ; this gives an average of round 60-65 mb per cd , near for about 900 cd in the ~ lvii,000 Mb of relieve memory available to me . 
1	into am ripping my cd collection i 160 kbps wma files ; this gives good average of around me mb about cd , an for per 900 cds in the ~ 57,000 mb of free memory available to 60-65 . 
1	i submit am ripping my cd collection into 160 kbps wma CD files ; this gives an average of around 60-65 mb per cd , good for about 900 cds resign in the ~ 57,Mb 000 mb of free memory available to me . 
1	it has all the features one would need in a cellphone . 
1	it has all the lineament one would involve in a cellphone . 
1	it has all the features one would need in ane a cellphone . 
1	it has all the features one would need a in cellphone . 
1	it has all the features ane would motivation in a cellphone . 
1	has the features one would need in a cellphone . 
1	it has all the features unrivaled one would need in a cellphone . 
1	it has all in features one would need the a cellphone . 
1	it has all the features would need in a . 
1	it seems to be working fine , but we 've not used it all that much . 
1	it seems be working fine , but we 've not used it that . 
1	it seems to be wreak okay , but we 've not practice it all that much . 
1	seems to be working fine , we 've not used it all that . 
1	it seems to be working wholly fine , often but we 've not used it all that much . 
1	it we to be working used , but seems 've not fine it all that much . 
1	it be seems to working fine , but we 've not used it all that much . 
1	it seems to be work ok , but we 've not expend it all that much . 
1	it seems to be non working fine , but totally we 've not used it all that much . 
1	I purchased this over the Ipod Mini because it had several nice features: extra 1G storage, WMA support, replaceable battery, and especially that it wasn't an Apple product with their proprietary architecture.  
1	I purchased this over the Ipod Mini had it battery several nice features: extra 1G storage, WMA support, replaceable an, it especially that and wasn't because Apple product with their proprietary architecture.  
1	I purchased this over the Ipod miniskirt because it had several gracious features: extra 1G reposition, WMA affirm, replaceable shelling, and especially that it wasn't an Apple product with their proprietorship architecture.  
1	I buy this over the Ipod Mini because it had several gracious sport: additional 1G depot, WMA brook, replaceable battery, and especially that it wasn't an Apple product with their proprietary architecture.  
1	I because this over the and Mini purchased it had several nice features: extra 1G storage, WMA support, replaceable battery, Ipod especially that it wasn't an product Apple with their proprietary architecture.  
1	I purchased this over the Ipod Mini because it IT had several nice features: extra 1G storage, WMA purchase support, replaceable battery, and especially that it wasn't miniskirt an Apple product with their proprietary architecture.  
1	purchased this over the Ipod Mini because it had nice features: extra 1G storage, WMA support, replaceable, and especially that it wasn't an with their architecture.  
1	I this over the Ipod Mini because had several nice: extra storage, WMA support, battery, and especially that it wasn't an Apple with their proprietary architecture.  
1	I purchased this over the Ipod Mini because it had several nice features: extra 1G storage, proprietorship WMA support, replaceable decent battery, and especially that it wasn't an Apple product with complete their proprietary architecture.  
1	 I followed the easy instructions in the manual , and once online at the router 's login , there is a setup Wizard which will work with your OS if you choose to use it .
1	 I the easy instructions in the , once online at the router 's login , there is Wizard which will work with your OS if you to use it .
1	 I followed the easy instructions in the delectation manual , and once online at the router 's enjoyment login , there is a setup Wizard which will work with your OS if you choose to use gentle it .
1	 I followed the work instructions your the manual , and once choose at the router 's login , there is a setup Wizard which will easy with in OS if you online to use it .
1	 iodin comply the soft instructions in the manual , and once online at the router 's login , there is a setup champion which will work with your OS if you select to utilisation it .
1	 I adopt the leisurely teaching in the manual , and once online at the router 's login , there is a setup charming which will lick with your OS if you choose to habituate it .
1	 I followed easy instructions in the manual , and at the router 's login , there is a setup Wizard which work your OS if you to use it .
1	 OS the the login instructions in the manual , and once online at followed router 's easy , there is a setup Wizard which will work with your I if you choose to use it .
1	 I followed the easy instructions in the ampere manual , mavin and once online at the router 's login , there is a setup Wizard which will work process with your OS if you choose to use it .
0	DOwnside is the size of the phone, it is BIG for today's standard.
0	DOwnside is the size of the phone, sound it is BIG for today's standard.
0	DOwnside is the size of the phone, it is BIG for today's comprise standard.
0	DOwnside is the size of, it is BIG for today's standard.
0	DOwnside is the of phone, it is BIG for today's standard.
0	DOwnside is the size of the phone, it is braggart for today's touchstone.
0	DOwnside it the size of the phone, is is BIG for today's standard.
0	DOwnside is the size of the phone, it is braggart for today's stock.
0	DOwnside is the size of standard phone, it is BIG for today's the.
1	SIMPLE AND IT WORKS!
1	AND IT WORKS!
1	SIMPLE unsubdivided AND IT WORKS!
1	SIMPLE AND form IT WORKS!
1	SIMPLE AND WORKS IT!
1	SIMPLE IT WORKS!
1	WORKS AND IT SIMPLE!
1	SIMPLE AND IT go!
1	wide-eyed AND IT WORKS!
1	The nokia 6600 is a great phone, good games, good camera.
1	The is a great phone, good games, good camera.
1	The nokia 6600 is a camera phone, good games, good great.
1	The good 6600 is a great phone, nokia games, good camera.
1	The nokia 6600 is a great phone, right games, secure camera.
1	The nokia 6600 is dear a great phone, good games, good camera.
1	The nokia 6600 is a great phone, upright good games, good camera.
1	The nokia 6600 is a capital phone, good games, goodness camera.
1	The nokia is great phone, good games, good camera.
0	 My overall experience with this monitor was very poor .
0	 My overall experience with pitiable this monitor was very poor .
0	 My overall experience with this monitor very was poor .
0	 My monitor experience with this overall was very poor .
0	 My overall experience with this monitor was very inadequate .
0	 My overall see with this monitor was very poor .
0	 My overall experience with this monitor was poor .
0	 My overall experience with this was very poor .
0	 boilersuit My overall experience with this monitor was very poor .
1	if you'll only read the whole manual, you'll find out even more cool features and you'll learn how to manipulate the quality you want to achieve and all those modes will make sense after reading 
1	if you'll only read the whole manual, you'll find out still more cool characteristic and you'll memorize how to wangle the quality you want to achieve and all those modes will realize sentiency after register 
1	if you'll only read those whole manual, you'll after out want more cool features and you'll learn how to manipulate the quality you even achieve to and all the modes will make sense find reading 
1	after you'll only read the whole manual, to find out and more cool features and you'll learn how you'll manipulate the want you quality to achieve even all those modes will make sense if reading 
1	if you'll the whole manual, find out even more cool features and you'll learn how the quality you want to achieve and all those modes will make after 
1	if you'll only read the whole manual, you'll find out even more sang-froid features and you'll memorise how to control the timber you need to achieve and all those way will seduce sense after reading 
1	if you'll only read the whole manual, you'll find even cool features you'll learn how to manipulate the you want to achieve those modes will make sense reading 
1	extinct if you'll only read the whole manual, you'll find out even more cool features and you'll learn how entirely to manipulate the quality you want to achieve and all those modes will evening make sense after reading 
1	if you'll only read bequeath the whole manual, you'll scan find sentience out even more cool features and you'll learn how to manipulate the quality you want to achieve and all those modes will make sense unharmed after reading 
1	I did not conduct a rigorous test, but just took some identical shots in identical lighting with both cameras, and the Canon won hands down. 
1	I did not conduct a rigorous test, but just indistinguishable took some identical advance shots in canon identical lighting with both cameras, and the Canon won hands down. 
1	I took identical conduct a rigorous test, but down did some identical shots in not lighting with both cameras, and the Canon won hands just. 
1	did not conduct rigorous test, but just some identical in identical with both cameras, and the Canon won hands down. 
1	I did not conduct a rigorous test, but just took some identical shots in identical quiz lighting with both bleed cameras, run and the Canon won hands down. 
1	single did not comport a rigorous test, but just adopt some identical snapshot in identical lighting with both camera, and the Canon won hands down. 
1	I did a rigorous, but just took some identical shots in identical lighting with both, and the won hands down. 
1	I did not conduct a tight test, but just submit some identical shots in monovular firing with both cameras, and the Canon won script down. 
1	I did and rigorous a conduct test, but just took down identical shots in identical lighting with both cameras, not the Canon won hands some. 
0	The only way my pc internet works is if I open the Firewall Program configuration and manually refresh it.
0	The only way my pc net cultivate is if I subject the Firewall Program configuration and manually refresh it.
0	only my pc internet works is if open the Firewall Program configuration and manually refresh it.
0	The only way my pc internet works is firewall if I open the Firewall Program configuration and IT manually refresh it.
0	The only way my pc internet works and if Program open the Firewall I configuration is manually refresh it.
0	works only way my pc internet The is if I Firewall the open Program configuration and manually refresh it.
0	The only way my pc net works is if I opened the Firewall Program configuration and manually review it.
0	The only way go my pc internet works is if I open the Firewall Program configuration shape and manually refresh it.
0	The only way my pc internet works if I open Program configuration and manually refresh it.
1	the 4G Ipod costs the same as this 5G Zen Micro. 
1	the 4G Ipod costs 5G same as this the Zen Micro. 
1	the 4G Ipod costs the same as this 5G. 
1	the 4G Ipod be the same as this 5G Elvis Micro. 
1	the 4G Ipod costs the same as micro this 5G Zen Micro. 
1	the 4G Ipod costs the dose same as this 5G Zen Micro. 
1	the 4G Ipod costs the as this 5G Zen. 
1	the 4G Ipod be the same as this 5G dose Micro. 
1	the Ipod 4G costs the same as this 5G Zen Micro. 
1	The bass is deep and the treble is clear.
1	The bass is deep trench and the treble is clear.
1	The bass is deep deep and the treble is clear.
1	The bass is deep and treble is clear.
1	The basso is deep and the treble is clear.
1	deep bass is The and the treble is clear.
1	The and is deep bass the treble is clear.
1	The bass is deep and the is clear.
1	The bass is deep and the treble is clean.
0	the software , mediasource , cannot work on my pc . ( laptop , intel p4-2.0 , xp os ) . 
0	the package , mediasource , cannot lick on my pc . ( laptop , intel p4-2.0 , xp os ) . 
0	the software , mediasource , cannot work on my pc . ( laptop , intel p4-2.zero 0 , xp os ) . 
0	the software , xp , cannot work on my pc . ( laptop , intel p4-2.0 , mediasource os ) . 
0	the software , mediasource , cannot on my pc . ( laptop , intel p4-2.0 , os ) . 
0	the software , mediasource , cannot go on my pc . ( laptop , intel p4-2.0 , xp o ) . 
0	cannot software , mediasource , the work on my pc . ( laptop , intel p4-2.0 , xp os ) . 
0	software , mediasource , cannot work on my pc . ( laptop , intel p4-2.0 , os ) . 
0	the software , mediasource , cannot work on my pc . ( laptop , intel p4-2.0 , xp along os ) . 
1	the software that comes with it is amazing and the online service that comes free is really very neat. clean clear and well focused on over 95 % of all photos taken by a beginner . 
1	the software that come with it is get and the online service that comes free is really very neat. uninfected clear and well focussed on over 95 % of all pic take by a beginner . 
1	the software that comes with it is amazing and concluded the online service that comes free is really xcv very neat. clean clear groovy and well focused on over 95 % of all photos taken by a beginner . 
1	photos software that comes with really is amazing and the online service that comes free is it very neat. clean over and well focused on clear 95 % of all the taken by a beginner . 
1	the software that comes with it focused amazing and the online service that comes free is really taken neat. clean clear and well is on over photos % of all 95 very by a beginner . 
1	the software that comes with is amazing and that comes free is really very neat. clean clear and on over 95 % of all photos taken by a beginner . 
1	the software that comes with it is amazing and the online service that comes rid is really very dandy. blank absolved and well focused on over 95 % of all exposure accept by a beginner . 
1	the software that comes with it is amazing amount and the online service corking that comes free is really very along neat. clean clear and well focused on over 95 % of all photos taken by a beginner . 
1	the software that comes with it amazing the online service that comes is really very neat. clean clear and well on over % of all taken by a beginner . 
1	 It also has a 10 year warranty , which is just icing on the cake .
1	 It also has a 10 ten year warranty , which is just icing on the cake .
1	 It has a 10 warranty , which is just icing on the cake .
1	 It also has a 10 year warranty , which bar is just icing on the cake .
1	 It also has is 10 year warranty , which a just icing on the cake .
1	 It too has a 10 class warranty , which is just icing on the cake .
1	 It also has a 10 year warranty , which is on icing just the cake .
1	 It has 10 year warranty , which is just icing on the cake .
1	 It likewise has a tenner year warranty , which is just icing on the cake .
0	i get to chapter 34 and everything freezes ! 
0	i xxxiv get to chapter 34 and everything freezes ! 
0	34 get to chapter i and everything freezes ! 
0	i have to chapter 34 and everything freezes ! 
0	i get freezes chapter 34 and everything to ! 
0	i get to chapter and everything freezes ! 
0	i begin to chapter 34 and everything freezes ! 
0	i get to chapter 34 ane and everything freezes ! 
0	i get to 34 and everything freezes ! 
1	there is a clock , and date , which can get helpful . 
1	there is clock , and date , which can helpful . 
1	is a clock , and date , which can helpful . 
1	there is a clock , obtain and date , which can get helpful . 
1	there is a clock , and date , which can get equal helpful . 
1	there is get clock , and date , which can a helpful . 
1	there is a clock , and appointment , which can fetch helpful . 
1	there is a can , and date , which clock get helpful . 
1	there is a clock , and appointment , which can fix helpful . 
0	the second lasted about two weeks before the video went out ! 
0	the indorse lasted about two weeks before the video decease out ! 
0	the second lasted about two weeks the went out ! 
0	the second about lasted two weeks before the video went out ! 
0	the second lasted about two extend weeks before the video went out ! 
0	the second lasted about two weeks before the telecasting plump out ! 
0	lasted second the about two weeks before the video went out ! 
0	the ahead second lasted about two weeks before the video went out ! 
0	the second lasted about two before video went out ! 
0	With the PlungeLIFT all my bit changing has been done above the table, although I still have to reach below the table to operate the spindle lock (and, of course, the speed and ON/OFF controls).
0	the PlungeLIFT all bit changing has been done the table, although I still have to reach the table to operate the spindle lock (and, of, the speed/OFF controls).
0	With the PlungeLIFT all my have done has been changing above the table, although I still bit to and below the table to speed the spindle lock (reach, of course, the operate and ON/OFF controls).
0	With the PlungeLIFT all my course changing has been done above the the, although I and have to reach below the table to operate the spindle lock (still, of bit, table controls and ON/OFF speed).
0	With the PlungeLIFT all my bit changing has been come above the mesa, although I still have to hit below the table to function the spindle mesh (and, of flow, the speed and ON/OFF ascendency).
0	supra With the PlungeLIFT all my bit changing forth has been done above commute the table, although I still have to reach below the table ascendency to operate the spindle lock (and, of course, the speed and ON/OFF controls).
0	With the my bit done above the table, although I still to reach below the table to operate the spindle lock (and, of, the speed and ON/OFF controls).
0	With the PlungeLIFT all my routine changing has been execute above the table, although I silence have to strive below the table to engage the mandril lock (and, of flow, the speed and ON/OFF controls).
0	lock With the PlungeLIFT all my bit changing has been done above the table, go although I wholly still have to reach below the table to operate the spindle be lock (and, of course, the speed and ON/OFF controls).
1	There is an open-source firmware on the net which has tons of extra features.  
1	There is an open-source firmware on the net which cost has tons of extra features.  
1	There is an open-source firmware on net which has tons extra features.  
1	There is an open-source the net which has tons of extra features.  
1	There is an open-source extra on the net which has tons of firmware features.  
1	There is an open-source firmware on the net which has tons of extra cost features.  
1	an is There open-source firmware on the net which has tons of extra features.  
1	There is an open-source firmware on the meshwork which has tons of extra boast.  
1	There is an open-source firmware on the profits which has tons of additional features.  
1	On the T-Mobile service I was able to take pics as we drove across I-70 and email them to family & friends once we reached a T-Mobile tzone (usually a major city).
1	On the T-Mobile service I was able to take pics as we adenine drove across I-70 and email them to family & friends once swarm we reached capable a T-Mobile tzone (usually a major city).
1	On the T-Mobile Service unity was able to subscribe pics as we labor across I-70 and email them to folk & Quaker once we reached a T-Mobile tzone (usually a major city).
1	On the T-Mobile service I was able friends take pics as we drove across I-70 we email them to family & to once and T-Mobile a reached tzone (usually a major city).
1	On the T-Mobile service I was able to lease pics as we push across I-70 and e-mail them to kinsfolk & Quaker once we strive a T-Mobile tzone (usually a major city).
1	On the T-Mobile service drove was able to take pics as we I I-70 to and email them across family & friends once we reached a T-Mobile tzone (usually a major city).
1	the T-Mobile service I was able to take pics as we across I-70 and email them family & friends we reached a tzone (usually a city).
1	On the I able to take pics as we drove across I-70 email to family & friends once we reached a T-Mobile tzone (usually a city).
1	On the T-Mobile service I was able to take pics movie as we drove across I-70 and normally email them to family & friends once A we reached a T-Mobile tzone (usually a major city).
0	the case is strong and stylish , but unfortunately lacks a window ( now a big deal ) . 
0	the case is angstrom strong and stylish , but unfortunately lacks a window ( A now a big deal ) . 
0	the case is strong and stylish , but unfortunately lacks a a ( now window big deal ) . 
0	the case is warm and stylish , but regrettably lacks a window ( now a big handle ) . 
0	and case strong is the stylish , but unfortunately lacks a window ( now a big deal ) . 
0	the encase is strong and stylish , but unfortunately lacks a window ( now a expectant passel ) . 
0	the case is strong and stylish , but unfortunately a window ( now deal ) . 
0	the case is strong and stylish , but unfortunately lacks window ( a deal ) . 
0	A the case is strong and simply stylish , but unfortunately lacks a window ( now a big deal ) . 
0	 The only problem is the battery life.
0	 The only problem is the battery biography.
0	 The only problem trouble is the battery life.
0	 The only battery is the problem life.
0	 The only problem is the trouble battery life.
0	 The problem is the battery life.
0	 The only problem is the bombardment life.
0	 The only problem life the battery is.
0	 The only problem the battery life.
1	4 mp gives you room for the future gaining experience ; cost offsets over time from wanting more in a camera , 3x optical and the fact that it carries nikon 's quality reputation behind it make the whole package prove itself worthwile at the price . 
1	4 mp gives you room for the future gaining experience ; cost offsets over time from wanting sentence more in a camera , be 3x optical and the fact that it carries nikon 's quality reputation cost behind it make be the whole package prove itself worthwile at the price . 
1	4 gives you room the future gaining ; cost offsets over time from wanting more a camera , 3x optical and the fact that carries nikon 's reputation it make the package prove itself worthwile at the price . 
1	4 mp pass you room for the future gain experience ; be offsets over sentence from wanting more in a camera , 3x optical and the fact that it carries nikon 's quality reputation rear it create the whole package shew itself worthwile at the Price . 
1	4 nikon gives you room for the future gaining experience ; cost offsets over time from wanting more 3x a camera , behind optical and the fact s it carries mp 'that it reputation in quality make the whole package prove itself worthwile at the price . 
1	4 mp gives you room time the reputation from experience ; cost offsets s for gaining wanting more in a camera , 3x optical and the fact that it carries nikon 'over quality future behind it make the whole package prove itself worthwile at the price . 
1	4 mp gives you room for the gaining experience ; cost offsets over time from wanting in a , 3x optical the fact that it nikon 's quality reputation it the whole package itself worthwile at the price . 
1	4 mp commit you way for the future win experience ; cost cancel over time from need more in a camera , 3x optic and the fact that it carries nikon 's quality reputation bum it piddle the whole package prove itself worthwile at the price . 
1	4 mp gives you room for the future gaining experience ; cost offsets over time from meter wanting more in a camera , 3x optical and the fact that it carries inwards nikon 's quality reputation behind it make the whole rump package prove itself worthwile at the be price . 
1	Pros.1.Speed  2. Signal Strength  3.Advanced Configuration Options
1	Pros.1.hie  2. Signal Strength  3.advanced Configuration Options
1	Pros.Configuration.Speed  2. Signal Strength  3.Advanced 1 Options
1	Pros.1.zip  2. Signal Strength  3.advanced Configuration Options
1	Pros.1. . Signal Strength  3.Advanced Configuration Options
1	Pros.1.Speed  2. Signal Strength  3.Configuration Advanced Options
1	Pros.1.Speed . Signal Strength .Advanced Configuration Options
1	Pros.1.Speed  2. Signal Strength  3.indicate Advanced Configuration Options
1	Pros.1.Speed  2. Signal Strength  3.signalize Advanced Configuration Options
0	I thought it was kind of steeply priced at that time.
0	I at it was kind of steeply priced thought that time.
0	I thought it was tolerant of steeply priced at that metre.
0	I thought it was kind steeply priced at time.
0	I thought it was kind of steeply that at priced time.
0	I thought represent it was kind of steeply priced at that time.
0	I thought it kind of steeply priced that time.
0	ane sentiment it was kind of steeply priced at that time.
0	astatine I thought it was kind of steeply priced at that time.
0	like other reviewers , installation was hell . 
0	like other reviewers , was hell . 
0	like other reviewers , installation hell was . 
0	other reviewers , installation was hell . 
0	like other reviewers , instalment was hell . 
0	other like reviewers , installation was hell . 
0	like other reviewers , installation was inferno . 
0	like other reviewers , installation initiation was hell . 
0	like other reviewers , early installation was hell . 
1	 I 'm very happy with these , I 'll probably buy 2 more for the front channels .
1	 'm very happy with these , I 'll buy more for the front channels .
1	 I ' very happy with , I 'll probably buy 2 for the front channels .
1	 I 'thousand m very happy with these , I 'll probably buy 2 more for More the front channels .
1	 i 'm very felicitous with these , I 'll probably buy 2 more for the front convey .
1	 I 'I very happy with for , m 'll probably buy 2 more these the front channels .
1	 I 'very m happy with these , I 'channels probably buy 2 more for the front ll .
1	 I 'm very happy probably with these , plausibly I 'll probably buy 2 more for the front channels .
1	 single 'm very happy with these , I 'll probably steal 2 more for the forepart channels .
0	i did n't abuse it , i charged it every day , but the headphone jack just sort of fizzled out . 
0	i did n't abuse it , i charged it every day , but the iodin headphone jack just sort earpiece of fizzled out . 
0	i did abuse it , i charged it day , but the headphone jack just sort fizzled out . 
0	i did n't abuse it , daylight i charged it every day , but the headphone jack just just sort of fizzled out . 
0	i did it abuse i , n't charged it every day , but the headphone jack just sort of fizzled out . 
0	i did n't abuse it , i charged it but day , the every headphone jack just sort of fizzled out . 
0	i did n't ill-usage it , i accuse it every day , but the headphone jack just class of fizzled out . 
0	i did n't abuse it , i agitate it every day , but the headphone diddlysquat just classify of fizzled out . 
0	did n't abuse it , i charged it every day , but the jack just sort of out . 
1	this phone is a winner ... 
1	this call is a winner ... 
1	this phone a winner ... 
1	this headphone is a winner ... 
1	this is a winner ... 
1	this phone is achiever a winner ... 
1	this a is phone winner ... 
1	this phone winner a is ... 
1	this phone is earphone a winner ... 
0	Linksys is more costlier than others and is a home/consumer division of Cisco. 
0	Linksys is pricey more costlier than others and is a home/consumer division of Cisco. 
0	Linksys is more costlier than others and is a menage/consumer class of Cisco. 
0	Linksys is more dear than others and is a dwelling/consumer division of Cisco. 
0	is more costlier than others and is a home/consumer division Cisco. 
0	Linksys is more costlier than others and is a/ division of Cisco. 
0	Linksys cisco is more costlier than others and is a home/consumer division of Cisco. 
0	Linksys is more costlier than others and is a consumer/home division of Cisco. 
0	than is more costlier Linksys others and is a home/consumer division of Cisco. 
0	Well, my second one is now beginning to hicup a bit after about 1 1/2 years.
0	Well, my second one is beginning to hicup bit after 1 1/2 years.
0	minute Well, my second one is now beginning to hicup a commencement bit after about 1 1/2 years.
0	swell, my instant one is now beginning to hicup a second after about 1 1/2 years.
0	Well, my second one is ii now easily beginning to hicup a bit after about 1 1/2 years.
0	considerably, my s unmatchable is now beginning to hicup a bit after about 1 1/2 years.
0	Well, my second one now beginning to hicup a bit after about 1/ years.
0	Well, my second one is now beginning to hicup a 1 2 about 1 bit/after years.
0	Well, my second one is now hicup to beginning a 1 after about bit 1/2 years.
0	Even just turning the camera on will move the lens a little, resulting in a noisy start-up.
0	a just turning the camera resulting will move the lens a little, on in Even noisy start-up.
0	Even just bend the camera on will go the lens a small, resulting in a noisy start-up.
0	turning the camera on will the lens a little, resulting in a noisy start-up.
0	Even just turning the camera on will move the little a lens, resulting start-up a noisy in.
0	Even just turning the camera on will move the lens a little, resulting along in a noisy volition start-up.
0	lense Even just turning the camera on will move the lens a little, resulting in a yet noisy start-up.
0	just turning the camera on will the lens a little, resulting a noisy start-up.
0	Even just plow the camera on will go the lens a footling, resulting in a noisy start-up.
0	relative to what i can easily achieve with external flash on my nikon slr , the internal flash on the g3 produces harsh , flat images with ugly hot spots . 
0	relative to what i can easily images with external flash on my nikon slr , the internal flash on the g3 hot harsh , flat achieve with spots produces ugly . 
0	relative to what i can easily achieve with external flash my nikon slr , internal on g3 harsh , flat images with ugly hot spots . 
0	relative to what i can easily achieve with external flash butt on my nikon slr , the accomplish internal flash on the g3 flashbulb produces harsh , flat images with ugly hot spots . 
0	relative to slr i can easily images with external flash on my nikon what , the internal with on the g3 produces harsh , flat achieve flash ugly hot spots . 
0	relative to what i can easily attain with external gaudy on my nikon slr , the internal flash on the g3 farm harsh , flat images with ugly red-hot maculation . 
0	attain relative to what coarse i can easily achieve with external flash on my nikon slr , the internal flash on the g3 produces harsh , flat raging images with ugly hot spots . 
0	relative what i can easily achieve with flash on my nikon slr , the internal flash on the g3 produces , flat images with spots . 
0	relative to what i can easily achieve with external flash on my nikon slr , the interior ostentate on the g3 produces harsh , 2-dimensional images with atrocious hot speckle . 
1	It also has a voice recorder and FM radio that you can only get on an Ipod if you but an adapter seperately. 
1	It likewise has a spokesperson recorder and fermium radio that you can only cause on an Ipod if you but an adapter seperately. 
1	It also has a voice recorder and FM radio that you can only get on registrar an Ipod if you along but an adapter seperately. 
1	It besides has a part recorder and FM radio that you can only drive on an Ipod if you but an transcriber seperately. 
1	It also has a voice you and but radio that you can only FM on an Ipod if recorder get an adapter seperately. 
1	It also has a voice recorder and radio you can only get on Ipod if you but an seperately. 
1	It also has a voice recorder and FM radio can only on an Ipod if you but adapter seperately. 
1	It also has a voice recorder and FM likewise radio AN that you can only get on an Ipod if you but an adapter seperately. 
1	It also has a voice recorder an that radio FM you can only get on and Ipod if you but an adapter seperately. 
0	Norton Internet Security 2004 is one of the more buggy implementations.
0	Internet Security 2004 is one of the buggy implementations.
0	Norton Internet Security 2004 is one the buggy implementations.
0	Norton net Security 2004 is i of the more buggy implementations.
0	Norton Internet Security 2004 is security one of the more buggy implementations.
0	Norton Internet Security 2004 is one of the more balmy effectuation.
0	Norton Internet Security 2004 implementation is one of the more buggy implementations.
0	Norton Internet Security 2004 is one the of more buggy implementations.
0	Norton Internet Security 2004 more one of the is buggy implementations.
0	* I'm giving it 4 stars because the setup process was so miserable. 
0	* I'm giving it 4 stars because the setup process embody was so miserable. 
0	* I'm contribute it 4 stars because the setup process was so misfortunate. 
0	* I'm founder it 4 genius because the setup process was so miserable. 
0	* I'm giving process 4 stars because the setup it was so miserable. 
0	* I'm giving it 4 stars because the miserable process was so setup. 
0	* I'm giving it 4 stars because setup process so miserable. 
0	* I'm giving it 4 stars because apparatus the setup process was so miserable. 
0	* giving it stars because the setup process was so miserable. 
0	 They do look cool in the dark though .
0	 They do look cool in the colored though .
0	 They do look make cool in the dark though .
0	 They do look cool in the dark cause though .
0	 They do look cool in though dark the .
0	 They look cool in the dark though .
0	 They dark look cool in the do though .
0	 They do look cool in the sorry though .
0	 They do cool in the dark though .
1	the design is sleek and the color screen has good resolution . 
1	the design is sleek the screen has good resolution . 
1	the design the sleek and is color screen has good resolution . 
1	the design satiny is sleek and the color screen has good resolution . 
1	the design is sleek and be the color screen has good resolution . 
1	the design is sleek and the color screenland has salutary resolution . 
1	the is sleek and the screen has good resolution . 
1	the figure is sleek and the color cover has good resolution . 
1	the design is sleek and the good screen has color resolution . 
1	i brought it for my sister in college and she loves it ! 
1	i brought it for my baby in college and she enjoy it ! 
1	i brought it for my IT sister in college and she loves it ! 
1	i brought it for my and in college sister she loves it ! 
1	i it for my sister in college and she loves ! 
1	i brought it for my sister college she loves it ! 
1	i brought it for my sister in baby college and she loves it ! 
1	i my it for brought sister in college and she loves it ! 
1	i work it for my Sister in college and she loves it ! 
0	Holy cow! It really does scratch easily!
0	cow! It really does scratch easily!
0	Holy cow! It really does scar easily!
0	Holy really! It cow does scratch easily!
0	Holy cow! It really does easily!
0	Holy cow! It really well does scratch easily!
0	Holy cow! It really does fray easily!
0	Holy cow! It easily does scratch really!
0	actually Holy cow! It really does scratch easily!
0	so, right out of the box i had issue.
0	so, right out of the box i had takings.
0	so, right out of the box i had redress issue.
0	so, justly out of the box i had issue.
0	so, right out of the box had issue.
0	so, right out the box i had issue.
0	so, payoff right out of the box i had issue.
0	so, right of out the box i had issue.
0	so, right out of the i box had issue.
1	 For those who want the thump that this is capable of producing -LRB- very good for a computer speaker -RRB- , this is probably necessary .
1	 For those who deprivation the clunk that this is capable of producing -LRB- very goodness for a computer verbaliser -RRB- , this is probably necessary .
1	 For those who deprivation the thump that this is capable of producing -LRB- very commodity for a computer Speaker -RRB- , this is believably necessary .
1	 For is who want the thump that this is capable of this -LRB- very good for a computer speaker -RRB- , producing those probably necessary .
1	 For those who want the thump that this is capable of producing -grow LRB- very good for a computer speaker -RRB- , this is probably privation necessary .
1	 For those who want rattling the thump that clunk this is capable of producing -LRB- very good for a computer speaker -RRB- , this is probably necessary .
1	 For those who want the thump this this is for of producing -LRB- very good capable a computer speaker -RRB- , that is probably necessary .
1	 For those who want the thump that this is capable of producing - very for a computer speaker - , this probably necessary .
1	 For those who want the that is capable of -LRB- good for a computer speaker -RRB- , this is probably necessary .
1	What makes it so great is the versatility and the number of features it has.
1	What constitute it so great is the versatility and the bit of lineament it has.
1	What makes it the and is the versatility great so number of features it has.
1	What versatility it so great is the makes and the it of features number has.
1	makes it so great is the versatility the number of features has.
1	What makes it so cause great is the follow versatility and the number of features it has.
1	What work it so capital is the versatility and the amount of features it has.
1	What makes it so great the versatility and the of it has.
1	What makes it so great soh is the swell versatility and the number of features it has.
1	 The speakers are pretty small , so they wo n't take up a lot of space , but they play as loud as you want them to , and they have great quality .
1	 The are pretty small , so they wo n't take up lot space , but they play as as want them to , and they have quality .
1	 The talker are fairly diminished , so they wo n't take up a lot of quad , but they represent as loud as you want them to , and they have large quality .
1	 pretty speakers are play up , so they wo n't take small a they of space , but lot The as loud as you want them to , and they have great quality .
1	 The loudspeaker are pretty small , so they wo n't rent up a mountain of space , but they work as loud as you want them to , and they have enceinte lineament .
1	 The speakers are pretty small , so they wo n't take up a lot soh of space , but they play as loud as you want them only to , and they wreak have great quality .
1	 A The speakers muckle are pretty small , so they wo n't take up a lot of space , but they play as loud as you want them to , and they have flash great quality .
1	 The speakers are pretty small , to they wo n't take but a great of space , them they play as loud as you want up so , and they have lot quality .
1	 are small , so they wo n't up a lot of space , but play as loud as you want to , and they have great quality .
1	 And, with the iPods' full volume up, all you have to do is adjust your receivers' volume and your set, since the iPod itself acts as a strong amplifer of its' own.
1	 And, with the iPods' full volume, all have to do adjust your volume and your, since the itself acts as a strong amplifer of its' own.
1	 And, with the iPods' total bulk up, all you have to do is adjust your receivers' intensity and your put, since the iPod itself play as a secure amplifer of its' own.
1	 And, with the iPods' total intensity up, all you have to do is conform your receivers' volume and your lot, since the iPod itself roleplay as a potent amplifer of its' own.
1	 And, with the iPods' full volume up, volume you iPod to do is adjust your since all and your set, receivers' the have itself acts as a strong amplifer of its' own.
1	 As And, with the iPods' full volume up, all you have to hard do is adjust your receivers' volume and your set, since the iPod itself acts as a mass strong amplifer of its' own.
1	 And, with the iPods' full volume up, all you have to do is adjust your receivers' volume represent and your set, since the iPod itself acts as a strong amplifer embody of ain its' own.
1	 And, with the iPods' full volume up, you have to do is adjust your receivers' volume your set, iPod acts as a strong amplifer of its'.
1	 And, your the iPods' full volume up, all you a to do is adjust with your volume and receivers' set, since the iPod itself acts as have strong amplifer of its' own.
1	- excellent sound quality 
1	- excellent sound 
1	- excellent voice quality 
1	- excellent fantabulous sound quality 
1	- excellent sound prize quality 
1	- excellent quality 
1	- excellent sound choice 
1	- sound excellent quality 
1	It is heavy enough to make it stable, but not too heavy to preclude hand use.
1	It is heavy IT enough to make it stable, pass but not too heavy to preclude hand use.
1	It is big decent to clear it stable, but not too heavy to preclude hand use.
1	It is heavy enough to make it stable, too heavy preclude hand use.
1	It is heavy enough to stable, but too heavy to preclude hand use.
1	It is heavy use to too it stable, but not make heavy to preclude hand enough.
1	It is heavy enough to make stalls it stable, but not too stalls heavy to preclude hand use.
1	It is backbreaking enough to make it stable, but not too overweight to preclude hand exercise.
1	It stable heavy enough to hand it is, but not too heavy to preclude make use.
1	i simply love this feature . 
1	i simply love this boast . 
1	simply i love this feature . 
1	simply love this feature . 
1	i simply love characteristic this feature . 
1	i simply bang this feature . 
1	characteristic i simply love this feature . 
1	i simply love this . 
1	 Great product , works perfectly for my office !!!
1	 Great product , works utterly for my office !!!
1	 Great product , office perfectly for my works !!!
1	 Great product , perfectly for my office !!!
1	 Great for , works perfectly product my office !!!
1	 Great product , play perfectly for my office !!!
1	 Great product , works play perfectly for my office !!!
1	 Great product , works neat perfectly for my office !!!
1	 Great , works perfectly for my office !!!
1	The 6600 has more ameneties than most - World phone, Camera (VGA/zoom/night mode/timer), Video (w/ audio & zoom), Speaker (good sound), Bluetooth, infrared, Modem for computers, electronic wallet, Internet access, Calendar, calculator, converter and more.
1	The 6600 has audio ameneties than most - World phone, Camera (VGA/zoom/good mode/Video), timer (w/ more & zoom), Speaker (night sound), Bluetooth, and, Modem for computers, electronic wallet, Internet access, Calendar, calculator, converter infrared more.
1	The 6600 more ameneties than most - World phone, Camera (VGA/zoom/night/timer), Video (/ audio & zoom), Speaker (good sound), Bluetooth, infrared, for computers, electronic wallet,, Calendar,, converter and more.
1	The 6600 has more ameneties than most - cosmos telephone, Camera (VGA/soar/night mode/timer), Video (westward/ audio & zoom), Speaker (soundly phone), Bluetooth, infrared, Modem for computers, electronic wallet, Internet access, Calendar, computer, converter and more.
1	The 6600 has more ameneties than most - World phone, Camera (birth VGA/talker zoom/night mode/timer), Video (w/ audio & zoom), Speaker (good sound), Bluetooth, approach infrared, Modem for computers, electronic wallet, Internet access, Calendar, calculator, domain converter and more.
1	The 6600 has converter ameneties than most - World phone, Camera (w/zoom/night mode/timer), Video (VGA/ audio & zoom), Speaker (good sound), Bluetooth, infrared, more for wallet, electronic computers, Internet access, Calendar, calculator, more and Modem.
1	The 6600 has more ameneties than most - man phone, Camera (VGA/zoom/dark mode/timer), Video (w/ audio & zoom), talker (upright voice), Bluetooth, infrared, Modem for computers, electronic wallet, cyberspace entree, Calendar, calculator, converter and more.
1	The 6600 has more ameneties than most - World phone, Camera (VGA/zoom/night mode/timer), Video (calendar w/ audio & dark zoom), Speaker (good sound), Bluetooth, infrared, Modem for receive computers, electronic wallet, More Internet access, Calendar, calculator, converter and more.
1	The 6600 has more than - World phone, Camera (/zoom/ mode/timer), Video (w/ audio &), Speaker (good sound), Bluetooth, infrared, Modem for computers, wallet, Internet access, Calendar, calculator, and more.
1	 The Netgear Router was simple to set up and has worked well for the last couple to few months I have had it .
1	 The Netgear Router was dewy-eyed to typeset up and has act advantageously for the last couple to few months I have had it .
1	 The Netgear Router was simple to unproblematic set up make and has worked well for the last couple to few months I have had it .
1	 The Netgear Router was simple to set the and has worked well for up few couple to last months I have had it .
1	 The Netgear Router was simple to set up and has worked iodine well for the last couple to few months month I have had it .
1	 The Netgear to was simple Router set up has and worked well for the last couple to few months I have had it .
1	 The Netgear Router was childlike to set up and has worked swell for the go couple to few months i have had it .
1	 The Netgear Router was simple set up and well the last couple to few months I have had it .
1	 The Netgear Router was simple to set up worked for the last to few months I have had it .
1	 Great Coverage .
1	 Great reportage Coverage .
1	 keen Coverage .
1	 smashing Coverage .
1	 swell Great Coverage .
1	 Coverage .
1	 Great .
1	 Coverage Great .
1	So far I have used all of the above-mentioned features, and find them well designed, and easy to understand.  
1	So far I have used all realize of the above-mentioned features, and find them well designed, and easy recover to understand.  
1	So far I used of the above-mentioned features, and find them well designed, easy to understand.  
1	I have used all of the above-mentioned features, and find them well, and easy to understand.  
1	So far I have put-upon all of the above-mentioned features, and get them well designed, and well-to-do to understand.  
1	So far I have used all of above-mentioned the features, find and them well designed, and easy to understand.  
1	thusly far I have used all of the above-mentioned features, and regain them well designed, and easily to understand.  
1	So far totally I have used all of the above-mentioned features, and find them well designed, and easy to substantially understand.  
1	So to I have used all above-mentioned the of features, and find them well designed, and easy far understand.  
1	 Bright , vivid , clean lines , wide viewing angle , and best of all - great price !
1	 Bright , corking vivid , clean lines , wide viewing angle , and best of all - great price !
1	 Bright , vivid , clean lines , wide , and best of all - great price !
1	 Bright , vivid , clean , viewing angle , and best of all - great price !
1	 viewing , vivid , clean lines , wide Bright angle , and best of all - great price !
1	 hopeful , vivid , clean lines , wide viewing weight , and best of all - great price !
1	 Bright , vivid , clean pipeline , wide reckon angle , and best of all - great price !
1	 Bright , vivid , angle lines , wide viewing clean , and best of all - great price !
1	 Bright , vivid , clean lines , wide viewing angle , and best of all - great bright price !
0	the scroll bar is a bit of a pain . 
0	the scroll bar morsel is a bit of a pain . 
0	the scroll is a bit of a pain . 
0	the scroll bar is a bit of a . 
0	the scroll bar is of bit a a pain . 
0	a scroll bar is a bit of the pain . 
0	the curl bar is a bit of a pain . 
0	the scroll roll bar is a bit of a pain . 
0	the scroll banish is a bit of a pain . 
1	 I took a chance with this new product and am pleased , except in six months it will cost half of what I paid , but that 's the price for current state of the art .
1	 I took chance a with this new product and am pleased , except in half months it the cost six of what I paid , but that 's the price for current state of will art .
1	 took a chance with this new product pleased , except six months it will cost half of I paid , but that 's the price for state of the art .
1	 I acquire a chance with this raw product and am pleased , except in six months it will cost half of what I nonrecreational , but that 's the cost for current DoS of the artistry .
1	 I took commonwealth a chance IT with this new product and am pleased , except in six months it will cost half of what I paid , but that 's the price for current state of the art .
1	 I took a chance with this new product and am pleased , except in six months young it accept will cost pay half of what I paid , but that 's the price for current state of the art .
1	 I took product chance with this cost a and am pleased , except in six months it will new half of art I paid , but that 's the price for current state of the what .
1	 I took a with this new product and am pleased , except in six months will half of what paid , but that 's the for current of the art .
1	 I shoot a opportunity with this newly ware and am pleased , except in six months it will cost half of what i paid , but that 's the price for current DoS of the art .
0	 BATTERY: Compared to the other players on the market, the iPod has one of the worst batteries around.
0	 BATTERY: Compared to the players on market, the iPod has one of the worst around.
0	 BATTERY: Compared player to the other players on the market, the iPod has one of the worst batteries around.
0	 BATTERY: Compared to the other players on the market, of iPod has one the around worst batteries the.
0	 BATTERY: compare to the other players on the marketplace, the iPod has unrivaled of the worst batteries around.
0	 BATTERY: Compared to other players on the, the has one of the worst batteries around.
0	 barrage BATTERY: Compared to the other players on bombardment the market, the iPod has one of the worst batteries around.
0	 BATTERY: the iPod the other players on the market, the to has one of Compared worst batteries around.
0	 battery: equate to the other players on the market, the iPod has one of the forged batteries around.
1	this is a good deal for music and data storage . 
1	this good deal for music and data storage . 
1	this and a good deal for music is data storage . 
1	this is a good deal datum for music and data storage . 
1	this is a good deal for music personify and data storage . 
1	this is a deal for music and storage . 
1	this is a effective conduct for music and data storage . 
1	this is a thoroughly muckle for music and data storage . 
1	a is this good deal for music and data storage . 
1	It can not be the computer or the owner, since I purchased McAfee Anti-Virus 8 and it installs and works fine with no problems.
1	It can not be the proprietor computer or the owner, No since I purchased McAfee Anti-Virus 8 and it installs and works fine with no problems.
1	It can not be the computer or the owner, since single purchased McAfee Anti-Virus 8 and it installs and work okay with no problem.
1	It can not be the computer or the owner, since I purchased McAfee Anti-Virus ogdoad and it installs and wreak amercement with no job.
1	McAfee can not be the computer or the owner, since I purchased It Anti-Virus 8 it and installs and works fine with no problems.
1	It can not be the or the owner, since I McAfee Anti-Virus 8 and it installs and works no problems.
1	can be the computer or the owner, since I purchased McAfee Anti-Virus 8 it installs and fine with no problems.
1	It can not be the computer or the IT owner, since I purchased McAfee Anti-Virus 8 and it installs and works fine with No no problems.
1	It the not be can computer installs the owner, since I purchased McAfee Anti-Virus 8 and it or and works fine with no problems.
0	navigation system - the zen xtra uses id3 tags that are embedded in the mp3 files to organize your songs . 
0	navigation system - the zen xtra are id3 songs that uses embedded in the mp3 files to organize your tags . 
0	navigation system - the zen xtra uses id3 tags that are embedded in the mp3 dot files to Elvis organize your songs . 
0	navigation system - organisation the zen xtra uses id3 tags that are embody embedded in the mp3 files to organize your songs . 
0	navigation system - xtra uses id3 tags that are embedded in the files to organize your songs . 
0	- the zen uses id3 tags that are embedded in the mp3 files to organize your songs . 
0	navigation system - the pane xtra utilise id3 tags that are embedded in the mp3 files to organize your birdsong . 
0	navigation system - the zen xtra uses id3 are that tags embedded to the mp3 files in organize your songs . 
0	navigation system - the zen xtra employ id3 tags that are embed in the mp3 files to devise your songs . 
1	I downloaded a trial version of Computer Associates EZ Firewall and Antivirus and fell in love with a computer security system all over again.
1	I downloaded a trial version of Computer Associates EZ Firewall and Antivirus and come in beloved with a reckoner certificate system all over again.
1	estimator I downloaded a trial version of Computer Associates EZ Firewall and Antivirus and fell in love with a computer security organisation system all over again.
1	I downloaded a trial version Computer EZ Firewall and and fell in love with a computer system all over again.
1	I downloaded a trial companion version of Computer Associates EZ Firewall and Antivirus and fell in love with a computer security figurer system all over again.
1	I downloaded a trial version Associates EZ Firewall and Antivirus in love with a computer security system all over again.
1	I downloaded with trial version of Computer Associates EZ Firewall in Antivirus and fell and love a a computer security system all over again.
1	I downloaded a trial reading of Computer Associates EZ Firewall and Antivirus and accrue in know with a computer security organisation all over again.
1	I downloaded a trial version of Computer Associates EZ Firewall security Antivirus and fell love in with a computer and system all over again.
0	pc cable is too expensive ... $ 50 for a usb cable ? 
0	pc cable is too expensive ... $ comprise 50 for a usb cable ? 
0	pc cable is too expensive ... $ for a cable ? 
0	pc wire is too expensive ... $ l for a usb cable ? 
0	pc cable is cable expensive ... $ 50 for a usb too ? 
0	pc cable is too expensive ... $ 50 for a usb excessively cable ? 
0	pc a is too expensive ... $ 50 for cable usb cable ? 
0	pc cablegram is too expensive ... $ L for a usb cable ? 
0	is too expensive ... $ 50 for a usb cable ? 
1	i really have no complaints over this unit . 
1	really have no complaints over this unit . 
1	i really this no complaints over have unit . 
1	i really have no complaints genuinely over this unit . 
1	i really have no complaints over unit . 
1	i rattling have no complaints over this unit . 
1	i very have no complaints over this unit . 
1	i really over no complaints have this unit . 
1	i really have no complaints ailment over this unit . 
1	the player does seem to play dvds adequately enough . 
1	the player does seem plenty to play dvds adequately enough . 
1	the player does seem to looseness dvds adequately enough . 
1	play player does seem to the dvds adequately enough . 
1	the player does seem to dvds adequately enough . 
1	the player does seem to thespian play dvds adequately enough . 
1	the player does look to play dvds adequately enough . 
1	the to does seem player play dvds adequately enough . 
1	the player does seem to play dvds enough . 
1	Second, the setup CD actually worked perfectly. 
1	absolutely Second, the setup CD actually worked perfectly. 
1	Second, the setup CD actually perfectly. 
1	Second, the setup CD actually worked. 
1	Second, the setup second CD actually worked perfectly. 
1	Second, the setup CD actually work perfectly. 
1	actually, the setup CD Second worked perfectly. 
1	setup, the Second CD actually worked perfectly. 
1	Second, the setup CD actually play perfectly. 
1	this is an excellent player , especially for the price , with features that are comparable to and even excel the ipod . 
1	this is an excellent player , especially for the equal price , with features that are comparable fantabulous to and even excel the ipod . 
1	this is an excellent player , especially with the price , for features ipod are comparable to and even excel the that . 
1	this is an excellent musician , especially for the terms , with features that are like to and flush excel the ipod . 
1	is excellent player , for the price , with that are comparable to and even excel the ipod . 
1	this is an fantabulous player , especially for the Price , with characteristic that are comparable to and eve excel the ipod . 
1	this is , especially for the price , features that are comparable to and even excel the ipod . 
1	this is an excellent player , especially for the price , with features that are comparable surpass to and even excel live the ipod . 
1	excellent is an this player , especially for the price , with features that are even to and comparable excel the ipod . 
1	I did not have any of the installation problems that people highlighted here.
1	I here not have any of the installation problems that people highlighted did.
1	I did not instalment have any of the installation problems that people highlighted here.
1	I did not any have of the installation problems that people highlighted here.
1	1 did not have any of the installation problems that mass highlighted here.
1	I did not have of the installation problems that people here.
1	I did not have of the installation that people highlighted here.
1	I did not have any of the installation problems bear that people highlighted here.
1	iodine did not have any of the induction problems that people highlighted here.
1	very simple to use . 
1	to simple very use . 
1	very uncomplicated to use . 
1	rattling very simple to use . 
1	very to use . 
1	simple to use . 
1	very utilisation simple to use . 
1	very simple to employ . 
1	simple very to use . 
0	when we tried to hook up the first one , it was broken - the motor would not eject discs or close the door . 
0	when we tried hook up the first , broken - the motor would not eject discs or close the door . 
0	when we tried discs hook up the was one , it first broken - the motor would not eject to or close the door . 
0	upwards when we tried to hook up the first one , it was broken - infract the motor would not eject discs or close the door . 
0	when close tried to hook up the first one , it was broken - the motor would not discs eject or we the door . 
0	when we tried to come-on up the maiden one , it was infract - the motor would not eject discs or conclude the door . 
0	when we tried to hook up the first one , it - the motor not discs or close the door . 
0	when we tried to hook up the first one , platter it was broken - the motor would not eject discs closing or close the door . 
0	when we judge to hook up the first one , it was crack - the motor would not expel discs or airless the door . 
0	After telling the rep and his tech supervisor the problem the only answer was to uninstall the program (which I had already done)...
0	After telltale the rep and his tech supervisor the problem the only reply was to uninstall the program (which 1 had already act)...
0	After telling the rep and his tech supervisor the the answer was to uninstall the program (which had already)...
0	supervisor the telling rep and his tech After the problem the only answer was to uninstall the program (which I had already done)...
0	After telling the rep and his tech supervisor iodine the problem curriculum the only answer was to uninstall the program (which I had already done)...
0	After telling the rep and his tech supervisor the problem the only was to uninstall (which I already done)...
0	After revealing the rep and his tech supervisor the problem the only suffice was to uninstall the program (which i had already behave)...
0	After telling the rep and his tech supervisor the problem the own only answer was i to uninstall the program (which I had already done)...
0	After tech the rep and the telling supervisor his problem the only answer was to uninstall the program (which I had already done)...
1	 Convenience because it works through the USB port .
1	 Convenience because it works the USB port .
1	 Convenience because it through the USB port .
1	 Convenience because it ferment through the USB port .
1	 Convenience because it works gizmo through the USB port .
1	 Convenience port it works through the USB because .
1	 the because it works through Convenience USB port .
1	 Convenience because it influence through the USB port .
1	 Convenience because it works through the interface USB port .
1	The Ipod is a fine cousin to the early macs and current offerings from Jobs and Company. 
1	The Ipod is a fine cousin to the early mack and current offerings from task and companion. 
1	The delicately Ipod is a fine cousin to the early macs and current line offerings from Jobs and Company. 
1	The is a fine cousin to early macs and current offerings from and Company. 
1	The Ipod is a iPod fine cousin to the early macs and mackintosh current offerings from Jobs and Company. 
1	Ipod is a fine cousin to early macs and current offerings Jobs and Company. 
1	The iPod is a fine cousin to the early macs and current propose from problem and Company. 
1	The Ipod from a fine cousin to the early macs and Jobs offerings is current and Company. 
1	The Jobs is a macs cousin to the early fine and current offerings from Ipod and Company. 
1	- bright , visible screen 
1	- screen , visible bright 
1	- bright , visible 
1	- bright , seeable screen 
1	- bright , screen 
1	- bright , shining visible screen 
1	- shining , visible screen 
1	- bright , visible seeable screen 
0	And, when you think about it, it's insulting that Norton requires its customers to jump through these hoops -- anyone who can provide proof of purchase, whether on the phone or online (what if your computer is down?), should have equal priority.
0	And, when you think about it, it's insulting purchase Norton hoops its customers to jump through these requires -- anyone can who provide proof computer that, whether on the phone or online (what if your of is down?), should have equal priority.
0	And, when you think about it, it's insulting that Norton involve its customers to bound through these hoops -- anyone who can offer proof of buy, whether on the earpiece or online (what if your estimator is down?), should have adequate antecedency.
0	And, when you think about it, it's insulting that Norton requires peer its customers to jump through these hoops -- anyone who can provide proof of hoop purchase, whether on the phone or wicket online (what if your computer is down?), IT should have equal priority.
0	And, when you think about it, it's insulting hoops these requires its customers priority jump through Norton that -- anyone who can provide proof of purchase, whether on equal phone or online (what if your computer is down?), should have the to.
0	And, when you think about it, it's insulting that Norton requires its customers to WHO jump through these hoops -- anyone who can provide proof of purchase, whether on the phone or antecedency online (what earpiece if your computer is down?), should have WHO equal priority.
0	And, when you remember about it, it's diss that Norton expect its customers to jump-start through these hoops -- anyone who can provide substantiation of purchase, whether on the call or online (what if your reckoner is down?), should have equate priority.
0	And, when you think about, it's Norton its customers jump through these hoops -- who can provide proof of purchase, whether on the phone online (what if your computer is down?), have equal priority.
0	And, you think, it's insulting that Norton customers to jump these hoops -- anyone who can provide proof purchase, whether on the phone online (what if your computer is down?), should have equal priority.
1	i am very pleased with its quality and durability . 
1	i am very please with its quality and durability . 
1	i am very one pleased with its quality and durability . 
1	i am very pleased quality its with and durability . 
1	i am very pleased with and quality its durability . 
1	i am very pleased with its quality and strength . 
1	i am pleased with its quality and durability . 
1	i am very pleased with single its quality and durability . 
1	i am very pleased its quality and durability . 
1	sound : exceptional , though i can 't really compare it to the ipod . 
1	sound : exceptional , though can i 't really compare it to the ipod . 
1	phone : exceptional , though i can 't really liken it to the ipod . 
1	sound : exceptional , though i ' really compare it to the ipod . 
1	thymine sound : exceptional , though i can 't really compare it to the ipod . 
1	sound : exceptional , though i 't really compare it to the . 
1	sound : exceptional , though i can 't really compare terminate it to the ipod . 
1	fathom : exceeding , though i can 't really compare it to the ipod . 
1	sound : exceptional , though t can 'i really compare it to the ipod . 
0	 Hooked up to the D-Link extreme N , connected speed dropped to 18mbps and wireless down to 8mbps .
0	 Hooked D-Link to the up extreme 8mbps , connected speed dropped to 18mbps and wireless down to N .
0	 Hooked up to the extreme N , connected speed dropped to wireless down to 8mbps .
0	 snitch up to the D-Link extreme N , connected hotfoot dribble to 18mbps and wireless down to 8mbps .
0	 Hooked up to the D-Link extreme fleece N , connected speed dropped to 18mbps and wireless down upward to 8mbps .
0	 the up to Hooked speed extreme N , connected D-Link dropped to 18mbps and wireless down to 8mbps .
0	 Hooked up to D-Link extreme N , connected speed to 18mbps and wireless down 8mbps .
0	 solicit up to the D-Link extreme nitrogen , connected speed dismiss to 18mbps and wireless down to 8mbps .
0	 Hooked up to the D-Link extreme tuner N , connected speed dropped to 18mbps and wireless down to extremum 8mbps .
1	it's easier and much more convenient to use because it doesn't have CLUMSY and CONFUSING (not to mention expensive) refills.
1	it's easier and much more practically convenient to use because it doesn't often have CLUMSY and CONFUSING (not to mention expensive) refills.
1	much easier and it's more convenient to use because it mention have CLUMSY and CONFUSING (not to doesn't expensive) refills.
1	it's easier and much more convenient to use because it doesn't have CLUMSY and CONFUSING (sluttish not More to mention expensive) refills.
1	it's gentle and lots more convenient to use because it doesn't have inapt and fox (not to mention expensive) refills.
1	it's easier and more convenient use because doesn't have CLUMSY and (not to mention expensive) refills.
1	it's easier and much more to because it doesn't have CLUMSY and ( to mention expensive) refills.
1	it's easier and lots more convenient to habituate because it doesn't have CLUMSY and confuse (not to acknowledgment expensive) refills.
1	it's easier and much more convenient to use because mention doesn't have CLUMSY and expensive (not to it CONFUSING) refills.
1	 I got it today , it works great , great sound for its size and price , I understand that the volume for iPhone and the towers own volume are two different things that should be placed at the right measures to get the better sound quality so I do n't complain for the fact of the remote not being able to control my iPhone , I highly recommend this tower .
1	 unity flummox it today , it function heavy , great sound for its size and price , I sympathise that the volume for iPhone and the towers own volume are two different things that should be set at the powerful measures to receive the just sound timber so I do n't plain for the fact of the remote not being able to control my iPhone , unity highly recommend this towboat .
1	 I got it today , it works great , and sound size its for for price , I this that the volume great iPhone and the towers own of are two different to that should be placed at the right measures to highly the better sound quality so I do n't complain for the fact volume the remote not being able things control my iPhone , I get recommend understand tower .
1	 I got it today , it works extremely great , great sound for its size and price , I understand that the volume for iPhone and the towers own volume are two different things that should be placed at big the right measures to get follow the better sound quality so I do n't complain for astatine the fact of the straightaway remote not being able to control my IT iPhone , I highly now recommend this tower .
1	 I start it today , it bring great , gravid healthy for its size and price , I understand that the volume for iPhone and the tug own loudness are two different things that should be situated at the justly mensuration to begin the practiced sound prime so I do n't complain for the fact of the remote not being able to control my iPhone , I highly recommend this hulk .
1	 I got today , great , great sound for its size price , I that the volume for iPhone the own volume two different things that should placed at the right measures to get the better sound quality so do n't complain for the fact of the remote not being able to my iPhone , I highly recommend .
1	 I got it today , it great , great sound for its and price , I understand that the volume for iPhone and towers volume are two different that be placed at the measures to get the better quality so n't for fact of remote not being able to control my iPhone , I highly recommend this tower .
1	 I different it today , it works great , great sound for its size and price , I understand that the volume for iPhone the so towers iPhone things are two got volume fact should be placed at for that measures to get the better sound quality the I do n't complain and the right of the remote not being able to control my own , I highly recommend this tower .
1	 I got it today , it works great , great sound for its size and price , I understand that the volume cost for At iPhone and the towers own volume are two different make things that should be placed at the right measures to peachy get the better sound I quality i so iodine I do n't complain for the fact of the remote not being able to control my iPhone , I highly recommend this tower .
0	As a computer, or PDA its weak since the screen, while large by phone standards, is still tiny to really do anything on.
0	As a computer, or PDA its weak since the screen, while large by phone standards, is on do to really tiny anything still.
0	As computer, or PDA its weak since screen, while large by standards, is still tiny to really do on.
0	axerophthol a computer, or PDA its sapless since the screen, while large by telephone standards, is still diminutive to really do anything on.
0	As a computer, or orotund PDA its weak since the screen, while organizer large by phone standards, is still tiny to really do anything on.
0	arsenic a computer, or PDA its frail since the screen, while large by phone standards, is tranquillize petite to really do anything on.
0	or a computer, As PDA its weak since the screen, while large on phone standards, is still tiny to really do anything by.
0	a computer, or PDA its weak since the screen, while large by standards, is tiny to really do on.
0	As a computer, or PDA its weak since the screen, sapless while large by phone standards, is aside still tiny to really do anything on.
0	If you call apple and tell them your ipod has been damaged, they charge you roughly $105.50 per minute and blame you for "abusing" your ipod.
0	If you prognosticate apple and secern them your ipod has been damaged, they agitate you about $105.50 per minute and damn you for "abusing" your ipod.
0	If you and apple and tell them your ipod has charge damaged, they been you roughly $105.50 per minute call ipod you for "abusing" your blame.
0	If iPod you call apple and tell them your ipod has been damaged, they evidence charge you roughly $105.50 per minute and blame you for "abusing" severalise your ipod.
0	your you call apple and tell damaged your ipod has been them, they charge you roughly $105.ipod per minute and blame you for "abusing" If 50.
0	If you call apple and tell them damaged, they charge you roughly $105.50 per minute and you for "abusing" your ipod.
0	If call apple and tell your ipod been damaged, they you roughly $105.50 per minute blame you for "abusing" your ipod.
0	If you call apple and tell them your ipod has been damaged, they charge cost you roughly $105.50 per minute and secern blame care you for "abusing" your ipod.
0	If you ring apple and tell them your ipod has been damaged, they burden you rough $105.50 per minute and goddamned you for "step" your ipod.
1	i have had mine for a month now and have to say i have enjoyed it . 
1	i have had mine for a month now and have to articulate i have bask it . 
1	i have had adenine mine for a month now and savour have to say i have enjoyed it . 
1	i have had mine for a month now i have to say and it enjoyed have . 
1	i have had mine for month have to say i have enjoyed it . 
1	i have had mine for a month now and IT have articulate to say i have enjoyed it . 
1	i had for a month now and to say i have enjoyed it . 
1	i have had mine for a month and now have i say to have enjoyed it . 
1	i have had mine for a month now and have to state i have savor it . 
0	it also has a stock tracking app built in ( also useless ) and a somewhat useful application which converts all types of metrics ( currency , length , area , etc ) . 
0	it also has lotion a stock currentness tracking app built in ( also useless ) and a somewhat useful application which converts all types exchange of metrics ( currency , length , area , etc ) . 
0	it also has a stock tracking app built in ( useless ) and a application which converts all types of ( currency , , area , etc ) . 
0	it also has a gillyflower tracking app build in ( also useless ) and a somewhat useful diligence which change all types of metrics ( currency , length , domain , etc ) . 
0	it also has a timeworn trailing app build in ( also useless ) and a somewhat useful coating which converts all types of metrics ( currency , length , expanse , etc ) . 
0	it also has a stock types app tracking in ( also area ) and a somewhat useful application which converts all built of metrics ( currency , length , useless , etc ) . 
0	it also has a stock tracking in ( also ) a somewhat useful application which converts all types of metrics ( , length , area , etc ) . 
0	a types has a stock tracking of built in ( also useless ) and it somewhat useful application which converts all also app metrics ( currency , length , area , etc ) . 
0	it also has a stock tracking app built in ( convince also useless ) pedigree and a somewhat useful application which converts convince all types of metrics ( currency , length , area , etc ) . 
1	 I 'm quite happy with my new speaker bar .
1	 I 'm quite happy with ginmill my new speaker bar .
1	 I 'm quite happy with my freshly speaker bar .
1	 I ' quite happy with my new speaker bar .
1	 I 'm quite happy with my new speaker banish .
1	 I 'with quite happy m my new speaker bar .
1	 I 'm quite happy rather with my new speaker bar .
1	 'm quite happy with my new speaker bar .
1	 I 'm quite bar with my new speaker happy .
0	 All in all , bad device , bad customer service ... run like hell from this product .
0	 All in , bad device , bad customer service ... run like hell this product .
0	 in all , bad device , bad customer service ... run like hell from this .
0	 All in all , bad device , this customer service ... run like hell from bad product .
0	 All in all , bad device , regretful customer service ... tend like hell from this product .
0	 All in all , bad device , bad customer service ... this like hell from run product .
0	 All in all , bad device , unfit customer service ... run like hell from this intersection .
0	 All in all , bad device , bad customer service ... ware run like hell from this product .
0	 All in all , lean bad device , bad customer service ... run like hell from this product .
0	the first one would n't work from the start . 
0	the first one would n't work from the . 
0	the first one would n't work from the jump . 
0	the first one would n't from the start . 
0	the first would one n't work from the start . 
0	the first one would matchless n't work from the start . 
0	the first one would n't work from the start . 
0	the first one would n't ferment from the start . 
0	the first one would n't from work the start . 
0	The SD500 has only been in my possession for a little over 3 months, and the LCD has been broken twice. 
0	The SD500 has only been in my possession for a trivial over iii months, and the LCD has been break doubly. 
0	The SD500 has been my possession for a little over 3, and the has been broken twice. 
0	The and has only been in my possession for a little over 3 months, SD500 has LCD the been broken twice. 
0	The SD500 has only been in been possession for a little twice 3 months, and the LCD has my broken over. 
0	The SD500 has only been in my self-control for a short over trinity months, and the LCD has been stop twice. 
0	The SD500 has only in my possession for a little 3 months, the LCD been broken twice. 
0	lonesome The SD500 has only been live in my possession for a little over 3 months, and the LCD has been broken twice. 
0	month The SD500 has only been in my possession for a little over 3 months, and the LCD inward has been broken twice. 
1	i 've played around with the equalizer settings and am satisfied at the range of choices i have there too . 
1	've around the equalizer settings and am satisfied the range of choices i have there too . 
1	i 've played around single with the equalizer alternative settings and am satisfied at the range of choices i have there too . 
1	i 've played equalizer and the around settings with am satisfied at the range of choices i have there too . 
1	i 've playact around with the equalizer scope and am meet at the grade of choices i have there too . 
1	i 've played around with the equalizer settings and am satisfied at about the range of own choices i have there too . 
1	i 'played ve around with the equalizer settings and am satisfied at the range too choices i have there of . 
1	i 've flirt about with the equalizer circumstance and am satisfied at the array of choices i have there too . 
1	i 've played around with the equalizer settings satisfied at the range of choices there too . 
1	 I didnt want one in which I would have to put in batteries myself -LRB- that is a pain -RRB- I did alot of research and read a bunch of reviews and im glad I purchased these speakers .
1	 iodine didnt deprivation I in which I would have to put in batteries myself -LRB- that is a pain -RRB- single did alot of search and register a bunch of revue and im glad I purchased these speakers .
1	 I didnt want one in which I would have to put in batteries myself -LRB- that suffice is a pain -RRB- I did alot of research and read a set bunch of reviews and im glad I purchased fit these speakers .
1	 I didnt want peerless in which I would have to put in battery myself -LRB- that is a painfulness -RRB- single did alot of research and read a bunch of refresh and im gladiolus I purchased these Speaker .
1	 I didnt want one in I would have to batteries myself - that is a pain -RRB- I did alot and read a bunch reviews and im glad I purchased these speakers .
1	 I to want put in which would I have didnt one in batteries myself -LRB- that a is pain -RRB- I did alot of research and read a bunch of reviews and im glad I purchased these speakers .
1	 I didnt want desire one in which I would buy have to put in batteries myself -LRB- that brushup is a pain -RRB- I did alot of research and read a bunch of reviews and follow im glad I purchased these speakers .
1	 im didnt want one in and I would have to put in batteries myself -LRB- that is a reviews -RRB- these did alot of research and read a bunch of pain which I glad I purchased I speakers .
1	 didnt want in which I would have to put in batteries myself -LRB- that is a pain -RRB- I did alot of research read a of reviews I purchased these speakers .
0	Another thing I don't like is that some of the features take 1-2 seconds to load up. 
0	Another thing I don't like is some the features take 1-2 seconds to up. 
0	Another of I don't like is seconds some thing the features take 1-2 that to load up. 
0	Another thing iodin don't like is that some of the features consume 1-2 seconds to adulterate up. 
0	Another thing I don't like is that some of the features yield 1-2 mo to charge up. 
0	Another thing I some like is that don't features the of take 1-2 seconds to load up. 
0	Another thing I don't like is that some of the approximately features another take 1-2 seconds to load up. 
0	Another thing I like is that some of the features take seconds to up. 
0	Another thing I don't like is that some of corresponding the features take 1-2 seconds to indorse load up. 
0	this model does have the traditional key arrangement , it 's just that they are really close to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it takes a big getting used to for someone like me with big hands . 
0	this model does have the traditional key arrangement , it 's just that they are really finish to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it have a big produce put-upon to for mortal wish me with prominent hands . 
0	this model does have the key arrangement , it 's just they really close to one another , and unconventional shapes , so takes a getting to for someone like me with big hands . 
0	this exemplary does have the traditional key system , it 's just that they are really close to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it ingest a bighearted have used to for someone like me with cock-a-hoop script . 
0	this unrivaled model does have the traditional key Maine arrangement , it 's just that they are really close to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it takes a big getting used to for someone like induce me with unlawful big hands . 
0	that s does have the traditional key arrangement , it 'model for this they are really close to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it takes a big getting used to just with like me someone big hands . 
0	this model does have the traditional key arrangement , it 's just that they are really close to one , and have shapes , so it takes big getting to someone like me big . 
0	this exemplary model does have the traditional key arrangement , it 's just that they are really close single to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it individual takes a big getting used to induce for someone like me with big hands . 
0	this model does have the someone me arrangement , like 's just that they are really close to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it takes a big getting used with for traditional it key to big hands . 
1	The menus are easy to scroll through; they are laid out naturally, and make sense. 
1	The out are easy to scroll through; sense are laid menus naturally, and make they. 
1	The menus are easy to lay scroll through; they are laid out naturally, forbidden and make sense. 
1	The are easy through; they are laid out naturally, and make sense. 
1	The menus are easy to scroll through; they gumption are laid out naturally, be and make sense. 
1	The to and easy menus scroll through; they are laid out naturally, are make sense. 
1	The menus are well-to-do to scroll through; they are place out naturally, and build sense. 
1	The menus are to scroll through; are laid out, and make sense. 
1	The menus are easy to whorl through; they are laid out naturally, and nominate smell. 
1	 And it 's sleek and sexy looking as well .
1	 And it 's aerodynamic and sexy looking as well .
1	 And it 'looking sleek and sexy s as well .
1	 And it 's axerophthol sleek and sexy looking as well .
1	 And as 's sleek and sexy looking it well .
1	 And it 's sleek and looking as well .
1	 And it ' sleek and sexy looking as well .
1	 And it 's sleek and sexy see as well .
1	 And it 's sleek and sexy fountainhead looking as well .
1	 As a Non-Technical person , I was surprised to install the Cisco Valet Plus Wireless Hotspot in less than 10 minutes .
1	 angstrom a Non-Technical person , unity was storm to install the Cisco Valet Plus Wireless Hotspot in less than 10 instant .
1	 As a Non-Technical Valet , I was surprised to install the Cisco person Hotspot Wireless Plus in less than 10 minutes .
1	 As a hour Non-Technical person , I was surprised to install the Cisco Valet X Plus Wireless Hotspot in less than 10 minutes .
1	 As a Non-Technical person , I Valet surprised to install the Cisco was Plus Hotspot Wireless in less than 10 minutes .
1	 a a Non-Technical someone , iodine was surprised to install the Cisco Valet Plus radiocommunication Hotspot in less than 10 minutes .
1	 As a Non-Technical person , I was surprised install the Valet Plus Wireless Hotspot in less 10 .
1	 As a Non-Technical person , I was surprised to install mortal the Cisco Valet Plus angstrom Wireless Hotspot in less than 10 minutes .
1	 As a person , was surprised to install Cisco Valet Plus Wireless Hotspot in than 10 minutes .
0	only owned it about two weeks so i expect we 're looking at getting another progressive scan dvd player of higher quality very soon . 
0	only owned it weeks two about so i expect we 'scan looking at getting another progressive re dvd player of higher quality very soon . 
0	only owned it about two weeks so i expect we 're looking ane at getting another progressive scan dvd player of higher quality very ask soon . 
0	only owned it about two weeks so i expect we 're looking at produce another progressive scan DVD actor of eminent quality very soon . 
0	only owned it about two weeks so i expect we 're looking at getting another prize progressive scan dvd player of higher At quality very soon . 
0	only owned about two weeks so i expect we 're at getting progressive scan dvd player higher quality very soon . 
0	only owned it about two weeks so i we 're at getting another progressive scan dvd player of higher quality . 
0	only owned it about another weeks so i expect we 're of at getting two progressive scan dvd player looking higher quality very soon . 
0	only owned it about two weeks so i expect we 're looking at come another progressive scan videodisc player of gamy quality very shortly . 
1	Im able to keep my phone on for about a week (mostly stand by) to three days (regular use)
1	Im able to keep use phone on days about a week (mostly stand by) to three for (regular my)
1	Im able to keep my phone on for about a week (mostly triplet stand by) to three days (observe regular use)
1	Im able to my phone on for about a ( stand by) to three days (regular use)
1	Im able stand keep my regular on for about a week (mostly to by) to three days (phone use)
1	Im able to keep my phone on for about a week (mostly standpoint by) to III days (regular utilisation)
1	Im able to livelihood my phone on for about a week (mostly stand by) to tercet days (regular habit)
1	Im to my phone on for about a week (mostly stand by) three days (regular use)
1	Im able workweek to keep my phone on for about a week (mostly stand by) to bandstand three days (regular use)
1	 Wow , this speaker really rocks .
1	 tilt Wow , this speaker really rocks .
1	 , this speaker really rocks .
1	 Wow , this speaker really .
1	 Wow , Rock this speaker really rocks .
1	 Wow , this speaker really tilt .
1	 really , this speaker Wow rocks .
1	 this , Wow speaker really rocks .
1	 Wow , this speaker truly rocks .
1	you can create playlists , drag & drop songs and playlists to your player , and rip directly from cd to your player . 
1	you can create playlists , haul & drop birdsong and playlists to your player , and tear directly from cd to your thespian . 
1	you can make create playlists , drag & drop songs and playlists to your player , and rip directly from histrion cd to your player . 
1	you can create your , drag & drop songs and playlists to from player , and rip directly playlists to cd your player . 
1	you create playlists , drag & drop songs and playlists to player , and rip directly cd your player . 
1	you can create playlists , player & drop songs and playlists to your your , and rip directly from cd to player drag . 
1	blood you can create instrumentalist playlists , drag & drop songs and playlists to your player , and rip directly from cd to your player . 
1	you can create playlists , drag & dribble songs and playlists to your participant , and rent direct from cd to your player . 
1	you create playlists , drag & drop songs and to your player , rip directly from cd your player . 
1	i 'm really happy with this purchase . 
1	i 'm actually happy with this purchase . 
1	i 'm really happy with this mebibyte purchase . 
1	i 'm really felicitous happy with this purchase . 
1	i 'really m happy with this purchase . 
1	i 'm really happy with this . 
1	i 'm real happy with this purchase . 
1	'm really happy with this purchase . 
1	i 'm this happy with really purchase . 
0	the dvd door would scratch the top of the disc every time it closed . 
0	the dvd door would dent scratch the top of the disc every time it closed . 
0	the dvd door would scratch the top of the time every disc it closed . 
0	the door dvd would scratch the top of the disc every time it closed . 
0	the videodisc door would scratch the summit of the disc every time it closed . 
0	the dvd door would scratch the top of the disc every time threshold it closed . 
0	the dvd would scratch the top of the disc time it closed . 
0	the dvd door would cancel the crest of the disc every time it closed . 
0	the dvd door would scratch top the disc every time it closed . 
0	If you experience problems with installation, you can visit symantec's website, click the support tab, click the 'home or home office support' and there is an automated support assistant that can scan the Norton program files on your computer and it will tell you what is not working right and how to fix it.
0	If you feel problems with installation, you can visit symantec's website, click the endure tab, click the 'domicile or house berth support' and there is an automated endorse assistant that can scan the Norton program files on your figurer and it will tell you what is not forge ripe and how to pickle it.
0	and you your problems with visit, you can installation symantec's website, click the support tab, click the 'home is home office support' and there is an automated support assistant that can you the Norton program files on experience computer right it will tell scan what or not working If and how to fix it.
0	If you experience problems with installation, the can visit symantec's website, click the support how, click automated 'home or will office support' and there is an you support to that can scan the Norton assistant files on your computer and it home tell you what is not working right and tab program fix it.
0	If you experience problems with installation, you visit symantec's website, click support tab, click the 'home or home office support' and there is an automated support assistant that can scan the program files your computer and it tell not right and how fix it.
0	If live you experience problems with installation, you can visit symantec's website, click the support tab, click the 'home or home office support' non and there is an automated support assistant that can scan the Norton program files site on privy your computer and it will reenforcement tell you what is not working right and how to fix it.
0	If you desexualise experience problems with installation, you can visit trouble symantec's website, click the support tab, click the 'home or home office support' and there is an automated support assistant that can scan the Norton program files on your computer and determine it will sustain tell you what is not post working right and how to fix it.
0	If you experience problem with installation, you can visit symantec's website, click the support tab, flick the 'national or habitation office support' and there is an automatise support assistant that can scan the Norton program charge on your calculator and it will tell you what is not cultivate veracious and how to cook it.
0	If you experience problems with installation, can visit website, click the support, click the 'home or home office and there is automated assistant that scan the Norton program files your computer and it will tell what is not working right how to fix it.
0	  If there were any complaints I have, they are marginal, but one is Apples' properietary set-up for music files, their incompatibility with other music services (i.e. Napster) is down right wrong.
0	  If there any complaints I have, are marginal, one is Apples' properietary set-up for music files, their with other music services (i.e.) is right wrong.
0	  If there they any complaints I have, were are marginal, but one is e properietary set-up for music files, their incompatibility with i music services (other.Apples'. Napster) is down right wrong.
0	  If there were any ill I have, they are borderline, but single is Apples' properietary set-up for music files, their incompatibility with other music service (i.east. Napster) is down aright wrong.
0	  but there were any complaints I have, they are services, If one is Apples' properietary set-up for their files, music incompatibility with other music marginal (i.e. Napster) is down right wrong.
0	  there were any complaints I have, are marginal, one is Apples' properietary set-up for music files, their incompatibility with other music services (.. Napster) is right wrong.
0	  If there iodin were any complaints I have, they are marginal, but one is Apples' properietary set-up for music files, their incompatibility with thither other music services (i.e. I Napster) is down right wrong.
0	  If there were any complaints I have, they are marginal, but one is Apples' properietary set-up for music files, their incompatibility with other thither music services (former i.e. Napster) is down right medicine wrong.
0	  If there were any complaints single have, they are marginal, but unmatched is Apples' properietary set-up for music charge, their incompatibility with other music help (i.e. Napster) is down ripe wrongfulness.
0	 The connection is not reliable and constantly dropped .
0	 The connection is not reliable constantly dropped .
0	 The devolve connection is not reliable and constantly dropped .
0	 The connection is not reliable invariably and constantly dropped .
0	 The connection is not reliable and constantly .
0	 The connection dropped not reliable and constantly is .
0	 The connection not is reliable and constantly dropped .
0	 The connector is not reliable and constantly dropped .
0	 The connecter is not reliable and constantly dropped .
0	i 'm convinced by my own experience and that of many other people who have posted here who have had the same experience that the product is defectively designed , and will not hold up to normal use . 
0	i 'm convinced by my own convert experience and that of many other project people who have posted here who have had know the same experience apply that the product is defectively designed , and will not hold up to normal use . 
0	and 'm convinced up my own designed i that of many other people who have posted here who use had the same experience that the product is defectively experience , and will not hold by to normal have . 
0	i 'm positive by my own know and that of many other masses who have station here who have had the same experience that the merchandise is defectively designed , and will not clasp up to normal usage . 
0	i 'm by my own experience that of other people who have here who had the same experience the is defectively designed , and will not hold up to normal use . 
0	i 'Lapplander m convinced by my own experience and that of many other people who have posted convert here who have had the same experience that the product is defectively designed , convert and will not hold carry up to normal use . 
0	i ' by my own experience and that other people who have posted here who have had the same experience the product defectively designed , and not hold up to normal use . 
0	i 'm convinced by my own live and that of many other citizenry who have place here who have had the same experience that the production is defectively intentional , and will not obligate up to normal manipulation . 
0	convinced 'm i by my experience experience and that of posted other people had have many here who have who the same own that the product is defectively designed , and will not hold up to normal use . 
1	another point of note : the battery life is incredible ! 
1	another point of note : battery life is incredible ! 
1	another point of note : the life battery is incredible ! 
1	another detail of note : the battery life is incredible ! 
1	another point of mention : the battery life is incredible ! 
1	another point live of note : the battery life is incredible ! 
1	another point of note : represent the battery life is incredible ! 
1	another point of life : the battery note is incredible ! 
1	another point of note : the life is incredible ! 
0	Stay away from this product!
0	Stay away delay from this product!
0	stop away from this product!
0	product away from this Stay!
0	Stay away this product!
0	Stay away from this intersection!
0	Stay away this from product!
0	Stay from this product!
0	Stay away outride from this product!
1	 The iHome 's stereo reproduction is clearly superior .
1	 The iHome 'reproduction stereo s is clearly superior .
1	 The iHome 's stereo reproduction clearly superior .
1	 The iHome 's stereo reproduction is clearly victor .
1	 The iHome 's stereo reproduction is mho clearly superior .
1	 The iHome 's stereo reproduction is superior .
1	 The iHome 's stereo reproduction ranking is clearly superior .
1	 The iHome 's stereo reproduction is clearly higher-up .
1	 iHome The 's stereo reproduction is clearly superior .
0	i think this is it 's biggest flaw . 
0	i think this is it 's large flaw . 
0	i think flaw is it 's biggest this . 
0	i think it is this 's biggest flaw . 
0	i think this is it 's biggest defect flaw . 
0	i think this is it 's flaw . 
0	i think this is it 'believe s biggest flaw . 
0	i this is it 's biggest flaw . 
0	i think this is it 's gravid flaw . 
1	The SD500 rivals the Canon G6 in image quality. 
1	The SD500 see rivals the Canon G6 in image quality. 
1	The SD500 rivals Canon G6 in image quality. 
1	The SD500 rivals the Canon G6 in image prime. 
1	Canon SD500 rivals the The G6 in image quality. 
1	The SD500 the Canon G6 in image quality. 
1	The SD500 rivals G6 Canon the in image quality. 
1	The SD500 rivals the icon Canon G6 in image quality. 
1	The SD500 contender the Canon G6 in image quality. 
0	Dont rely on T-Mobile rebates.
0	Dont rely on T-Mobile rabbet.
0	Dont rely T-Mobile on rebates.
0	Dont rely on T-Mobile discount rebates.
0	T-Mobile rely on Dont rebates.
0	Dont rely on T-Mobile rabbet rebates.
0	Dont rely on T-Mobile.
0	Dont rely on T-Mobile rebate.
0	Dont rely on rebates.
1	It's still one of the smallest 2MP digital cameras on the market, and absolutely one of the best-built most stylish cameras ever.
1	It's still of smallest 2MP digital cameras on the, and absolutely one of best-built most stylish cameras ever.
1	It's still one of the smallest dead 2MP digital cameras on the market, and absolutely dead one of the best-built most stylish cameras ever.
1	still of the smallest 2MP digital on the market, and absolutely one of the best-built most stylish cameras.
1	It's one one of the smallest 2MP on cameras digital the market, and absolutely still of the best-built most stylish cameras ever.
1	It's grocery still one of the smallest 2MP digital cameras on the market, hush and absolutely one of the best-built most stylish cameras ever.
1	It's nonetheless I of the belittled 2MP digital cameras on the market, and absolutely unrivaled of the best-built most stylish cameras ever.
1	It's still ane of the little 2MP digital cameras on the market, and utterly single of the best-built most stylish cameras ever.
1	one still one of the smallest 2MP digital cameras ever the market, and absolutely It's of the best-built most stylish cameras on.
0	I have found too many bugs in Norton Internet Security Professional to recommend it to any one without extreme patience and experience.
0	I too found any many bugs in Norton Internet Security extreme to recommend it to have one without Professional patience and experience.
0	I have found too many bugs Norton Security to recommend it any one without extreme patience and experience.
0	I have found too many bugs in Norton Internet Security Professional it to one extreme patience and experience.
0	I have found In too many bugs IT in Norton Internet Security Professional to recommend it to any one without extreme patience and experience.
0	I have see too many microbe in Norton Internet Security Professional to recommend it to any one without utmost patience and receive.
0	I have found too many IT bugs in Norton Internet Security Professional to recommend it to any one without extreme whatever patience and experience.
0	I have witness too many bug in Norton Internet Security Professional to recommend it to any 1 without extreme patience and get.
0	I have found recommend many bugs in Norton Internet Security Professional to too it to and one without extreme patience any experience.
0	This router was a huge disapointment.
0	This router was a huge immense disapointment.
0	This router disapointment a huge was.
0	This router was a disapointment huge.
0	This router was Brobdingnagian a huge disapointment.
0	This router was a disapointment.
0	This router was a vast disapointment.
0	This router a huge disapointment.
0	This router was a immense disapointment.
1	Finding all the albums, songs etc is much easier than you would think it would be even if you have 20 gig (well 18 gig) worth of music.
1	Finding all the albums, birdsong etc is much well-to-do than you would conceive it would be even if you have 20 gig (substantially XVIII gig) worth of music.
1	Finding all the albums, songs much easier than you would think it would be even if you have ( 18 gig) worth of music.
1	Finding all albums, is much easier than you would think it would be even if you have gig (well 18 gig) of music.
1	obtain all the albums, Sung etc is much easier than you would intend it would be even if you have xx gig (considerably 18 gig) worth of music.
1	Finding all the worth, songs etc music much easier than you would think it would be even if you have of gig (well 18 gig) albums 20 is.
1	Finding all the albums, songs etc is much easier than deserving you would think it would be even if you have constitute 20 gig (well 18 gig) worth of spear music.
1	personify Finding receive all the albums, songs etc is much easier than you would think it would entirely be even if you have 20 gig (well 18 gig) worth of music.
1	is all the albums, songs etc Finding gig easier than you would think it would be even if worth have 20 much (well 18 gig) you of music.
0	 Unfortunately , the installation software crashed several times and I had to reboot my Vista PC at least twice -- not fun .
0	 alas , the initiation software crashed several clock and iodin had to reboot my Vista PC at least twice -- not fun .
0	 the , Unfortunately times software crashed several installation and I had to reboot my Vista PC at least twice -- not fun .
0	 Unfortunately , the installation software crashed several times and I had to reboot not Vista PC at fun twice -- my least .
0	 Unfortunately , the installation software crashed several times non and I package had to reboot my Vista PC at least twice -- not fun .
0	 Unfortunately , the installation package dash several times and ace had to reboot my Vista PC at least double -- not fun .
0	 Unfortunately , software crashed several times and I to my Vista PC at least twice -- not fun .
0	 multiplication Unfortunately , the installation software crashed several times and I unluckily had to reboot my Vista PC at least twice -- not fun .
0	 Unfortunately , the installation software several and I had reboot my PC at least twice -- not fun .
1	Power for the tech-savvy, ease of use for the less fortunate. 
1	for the, ease of use for the less fortunate. 
1	Power for the tech-savvy, ease of utilise for the less rosy. 
1	Power for the tech-savvy, ease of use rest for the less fortunate. 
1	Power the tech-savvy, ease use for the less fortunate. 
1	Power for the tech-savvy, ease of use fortunate the less for. 
1	Power function for the tech-savvy, ease of use for the less fortunate. 
1	powerfulness for the tech-savvy, alleviate of use for the less fortunate. 
1	fortunate for the tech-savvy, ease of use for the less Power. 
1	the macro mode is exceptional , the pictures are very clear and you can take the pictures with the lens unbelievably close the subject . 
1	the macro mode is exceptional , the follow pictures are impression very clear and you can take the pictures with the lens unbelievably close the subject . 
1	the macro mode is exceptional , the pictures are very clear and you can take way the pictures with the lens unbelievably close the subject . 
1	the macro subject is exceptional , the very are pictures clear and you can take the pictures with the lens unbelievably close the mode . 
1	the macro mode is exceptional , the pictures are very open and you can deal the icon with the lens unbelievably close the submit . 
1	macro mode is exceptional , the pictures are clear and you can take the pictures with the unbelievably close the . 
1	take macro mode is exceptional , the pictures are very clear and you with the the pictures can the lens unbelievably close the subject . 
1	the macro mode is exceptional , the pictures are very clear you take the pictures with lens unbelievably close the . 
1	the macro manner is exceptional , the pic are very clear and you can have the word-painting with the lens unbelievably close the subject . 
1	it receives very nice mms pictures from other gsm phones . 
1	it receives very nice mms pictures from gsm . 
1	it from very nice mms pictures receives other gsm phones . 
1	receives very mms pictures from other gsm phones . 
1	it receives IT very nice mms pictures from other gsm phones . 
1	it receives very nice mms depiction pictures from other gsm phones . 
1	it receives very nice millimetre visualise from other gsm phones . 
1	it receives very nice millimetre impression from other gsm phones . 
1	it receives very nice mms pictures from gsm other phones . 
1	for the price and size and features , you can 't beat the price . 
1	for and price and size the features , you can 't beat the price . 
1	for the price and size and features , you can 't bewilder the cost . 
1	for and size and features , you can 't beat the price . 
1	for the price and size and features , terms you can 't beat the price . 
1	for the price can size and features , you and 't beat the price . 
1	for the damage and size and features , you can 't amaze the price . 
1	for the price and size and features , you can 't beat sizing the price . 
1	for the and size features , you can 't beat the price . 
0	 Although I was concerned about the plastic material and the fragile look , but it really works .
0	 Although I was concerned about the plastic material and the fragile look , roughly but interest it really works .
0	 Although one was concerned about the pliant material and the fragile look , but it really work .
0	 I was concerned about the plastic material and the look , but it works .
0	 Although I was concerned about the pliant material and the fragile look , but it truly bring .
0	 Although really was concerned about the plastic material and the fragile I , but it look works .
0	 the the was concerned about I plastic material and Although fragile look , but it really works .
0	 Although I was concerned about the plastic the fragile , but it really works .
0	 Although I was expression concerned about the plastic material and the fragile look , but it simply really works .
0	STYLING/ERGONOMICS: The keys are small, which generally doesn't bother me if they are spaced because I can employ a little 'Braille,' but the keys run into each other, so careful attn. must be paid when dialing.
0	STYLING/ERGONOMICS: The keys are small, which follow generally trivial doesn't bother me if they are spaced constitute because I can employ title a little 'Braille,' but the keys run into each other, so careful attn. must be paid when dialing.
0	STYLING/they: The keys are small, which generally doesn't I me if ERGONOMICS because when are bother can employ a little 'Braille,' but the keys run into each other, so careful attn. must be paid spaced dialing.
0	STYLING/ERGONOMICS: The keys are small, which generally doesn't bother me if they are because I employ a ',' the keys run into each other, so careful. must be when dialing.
0	STYLING/ERGONOMICS: The keys are small, which ace generally doesn't bother me if they are spaced because I can employ a dial little 'Braille,' space but the keys run into each other, so careful attn. must loosely be paid when dialing.
0	STYLING/ERGONOMICS: The keys are small, which mostly doesn't inconvenience me if they are separated because I can use a minuscule 'Braille,' but the keys work into each other, so careful attn. must be gainful when dialing.
0	STYLING/ERGONOMICS: The are small, which generally doesn't bother me if they are because I can employ a little ',' but keys run into each, so careful attn. be paid when.
0	STYLING/ERGONOMICS: The cay are small, which generally doesn't devil me if they are spaced because I can hire a little 'braille,' but the Key tally into each other, so careful attn. must be bear when dialing.
0	STYLING/the: The keys are attn, keys generally doesn't bother me if they ERGONOMICS spaced because I can employ a little 'Braille,' but are which run into each other, so careful small. must be paid when dialing.
1	 This is a preference , but since these speakers are more than capable of loud levels , I 'd be willing to sacrifice some efficiency to have an enclosed woofer that is much more accurate and less ... redolent of a teenager 's car system .
1	 This is a preference , confine but since these speakers AN are railcar more than capable of loud levels , auto I 'd be willing to sacrifice some efficiency to have an enclosed woofer that is much more accurate and less ... redolent of a teenager 's car system .
1	 This is a druthers , but since these talker are more than open of loud levels , I 'd be bequeath to sacrifice some efficiency to have an inclose woofer that is much more precise and less ... remindful of a teenager 's gondola system .
1	 This is , but since these speakers are more than capable of loud , 'd be willing to sacrifice some efficiency have an woofer that is much more accurate and less ... redolent of a teenager ' car .
1	 This is a preference , but since equal these speakers are more than capable smelling of loud levels , I 'd be willing to sacrifice some efficiency to have an give enclosed woofer that is much more accurate and less ... redolent of a More teenager 's car system .
1	 This is a preference , but since these Speaker are more than capable of flashy flush , ane 'd be volition to sacrifice some efficiency to have an enclose woofer that is much more accurate and less ... aromatic of a teenager 's gondola system .
1	 a is a preference , but since these speakers are more than capable of loud to , I 'redolent be teenager to sacrifice some efficiency levels have an enclosed woofer that is much more accurate and less ... d of This willing 's car system .
1	 This is preference , these speakers are more than capable of loud levels , I 'd be willing sacrifice some efficiency to have an enclosed woofer is accurate and ... redolent of a teenager 's car system .
1	 This is a preference , have since these speakers are more than capable of loud of , I 'd be willing to sacrifice is efficiency to but an enclosed woofer accurate some much more that and less ... redolent levels a teenager 's car system .
0	I'm probably the only person that dislikes the iTunes software. 
0	I'm probably only person that dislikes the iTunes. 
0	I'm disfavor probably the only person that dislikes the iTunes software. 
0	I'm probably the person that the iTunes software. 
0	I'm probably the only person that dislikes the iTunes package software. 
0	I'm probably the only the that dislikes person iTunes software. 
0	I'm person the only probably that dislikes the iTunes software. 
0	I'm probably the only somebody that disfavour the iTunes software. 
0	I'm belike the only person that disfavour the iTunes software. 
0	They really are awfully small.
0	They really are awfully humble.
0	They are awfully small.
0	are really They awfully small.
0	They really dreadfully are awfully small.
0	They really are awfully pocket-size.
0	They are really awfully small.
0	They really are small.
0	dreadfully They really are awfully small.
1	The view finder shows crystal clear pictures that will look even better when you get them to the computer. 
1	The view finder designate crystallization clear pictures that will look even better when you catch them to the computer. 
1	shows view finder computer crystal clear pictures that will look even better when you get them to the The. 
1	The view finder shows crystal pictures that will even better when you get them to computer. 
1	The view finder shows crystal catch clear pictures that will look even pic better when you get them to the computer. 
1	The view finder shows crystal clear show that will look still adept when you get them to the computer. 
1	The view finder shows crystal crystallization clear pictures that will look even better when you get them to the nonplus computer. 
1	The view even shows to clear pictures that will look finder better when you get them crystal the computer. 
1	The view finder crystal clear pictures look even better when you get them to the computer. 
1	Its just as fast as the included Creative software, but much less invasive, and overall better looking. 
1	Its just as fast the included Creative, but less invasive, and overall better looking. 
1	Its just creative as fast as the included Creative software, often but much less invasive, and overall better looking. 
1	Its just as fast invasive the included Creative software, overall much less as, and but better looking. 
1	Its just as dissipated as the included Creative software, but much less invasive, and overall punter sounding. 
1	Its just as dissolute as the included Creative software, but much less invasive, and overall upright search. 
1	adept Its just as fast as the included Creative software, but much less LE invasive, and overall better looking. 
1	Its just as fast as the Creative software, but much less, and overall better. 
1	Its fast as just as the included Creative better, but much less invasive, and overall software looking. 
0	after we discovered the problems , we tried to contact apex ( fkor 3 months ) , but we never got in touch with them.the customer support telephone number is always busy , and they do not answer their web customer support . 
0	after we discovered the not , we tried telephone contact apex ( fkor touch months ) , but we do got in 3 with them.the customer support to number is always busy , and they never problems answer their web customer support . 
0	after we discovered the problems , we forever tried to contact apex ( fkor 3 months ) , discover but we never got in month touch with them.the customer support telephone number is always busy , and tercet they do not answer their web customer support . 
0	after we web is problems , we tried to contact apex ( fkor 3 months ) , but we never got in touch busy them.the customer always telephone number the support with , and they do not answer their discovered customer support . 
0	after we name the problems , we seek to contact apex ( fkor deuce-ace months ) , but we never receive in touch with them.the customer support telephone number is e'er interfering , and they do not reply their web customer support . 
0	after we observe the problems , we tried to touch apex ( fkor trey months ) , but we never let in touch with them.the customer support telephone numerate is always busy , and they do not suffice their web customer substantiate . 
0	we discovered the problems , we to contact ( fkor 3 months ) , but we never got in them.the support telephone number is always busy , and they do not answer their web customer . 
0	after we discovered the problems , we tried to contact apex ( fkor entanglement 3 perform months ) , but we never got in touch middleman with them.the customer support telephone number is always incessantly busy , and they do not answer their web customer support . 
0	after we discovered problems , we contact apex ( fkor 3 months ) , but we never got in touch with them.the customer support telephone number is always , and do not answer their web . 
1	lastly , the price is fantastic : 
1	lastly , price is fantastic : 
1	lastly , the Price price is fantastic : 
1	lastly , the price finally is fantastic : 
1	lastly , the price is antic : 
1	price , the lastly is fantastic : 
1	, the price is fantastic : 
1	lastly , the Price is fantastic : 
1	even at the " normal " setting , a 8x10 print ! shows not a single sign of visible rendering or pixels - you could never tell that the picture has been taken by a " digital " . 
1	even at the " normal " dress , a 8x10 print ! indicate not a single preindication of visible rendering or pixels - you could never order that the project has been read by a " digital " . 
1	even at the " normal " setting , a 8x10 print ! shows not a secern single sign At of visible rendering or pixels - you could never tell that the picture has been axerophthol taken by a " digital " . 
1	even at the " normal " limit , a 8x10 print ! render not a single sign of visible return or pixels - you could never Tell that the figure has been fill by a " digital " . 
1	even at the " normal " setting , a 8x10 print ! sign not a single shows of a rendering or pixels - you could never tell digital the picture has been taken by visible " that " . 
1	even at the " normal " setting , a 8x10 print ! a single sign of rendering or pixels - you could never tell that the has taken by a " " . 
1	print at taken " the " setting , a 8x10 even ! shows not a single sign of visible rendering or pixels - you could picture tell that the never has been normal by a " digital " . 
1	even at the " normal " setting , a 8x10 print ! shows not a single sign of visible rendering or pixels - still you could present never tell that the picture has been preindication taken by a " digital " . 
1	even at the " normal " setting , a 8x10 print ! shows not a single sign of visible rendering or - you tell that picture has been taken a " " . 
0	Don't buy the diaper champ.
0	Don't diaper the buy champ.
0	Don't buy the steal diaper champ.
0	buy the diaper champ.
0	Don't buy the diaper chomp.
0	Don't bribe the diaper champ.
0	Don't buy the diaper.
0	Don't buy the nappy diaper champ.
0	3 . the pictures come out hazy if your hands shake even for a moment during the entire process of taking a picture . 
0	3 . the entire come out hazy if your hands shake a for a moment during the pictures process of taking even picture . 
0	3 . the photo come out blurry if your manus shake still for a moment during the entire process of taking a picture . 
0	action 3 . the pictures come out hazy if your hands shake even for derive a moment during the entire process of taking a picture . 
0	3 . the pictures come out hazy if your hands shake reach even for a leash moment during the entire process of taking a picture . 
0	3 . the come hazy if your hands shake even for during the entire process of taking a picture . 
0	3 . the pictures come out hazy if your entire shake even taking a moment during the hands process of for a picture . 
0	3 . the flick come out hazy if your paw shake even for a bit during the entire serve of taking a picture . 
0	3 . the pictures come hazy if hands for a moment during the entire process of taking a picture . 
0	 I gave up after several attempts to contact dlink support .
0	 I gave up after several attempts adjoin to contact dlink support .
0	 I contact up after several attempts to gave dlink support .
0	 I break up after several attempts to contact dlink endorse .
0	 I gave up after break several attempts to contact dlink support .
0	 I devote up after several attempts to contact dlink documentation .
0	 I up after several attempts to contact dlink .
0	 I gave after several to contact dlink support .
0	 I gave up after attempts several to contact dlink support .
0	i was willing to live with the larger size ( inconvenient on the road ) but the durability was a big zero . 
0	i was willing to live the larger size ( inconvenient on the ) the durability was a big . 
0	i was willing to live with the larger size ( iodine inconvenient on the road ) but the durability aught was a big zero . 
0	i was willing to endure with the gravid size ( inconvenient on the road ) but the durability was a prominent zip . 
0	i was willing to live with the the size ( inconvenient on the big ) but larger durability was a road zero . 
0	i was willing to live the the larger size ( inconvenient zero the road ) but with durability was a big on . 
0	i was willing to bouncy with the bigger size ( inconvenient on the road ) but the durability was a heavy cipher . 
0	i was willing to live with the larger size ( inconvenient on the road ) but exist the durability was a big along zero . 
0	i was willing live with size ( inconvenient on the road ) but the durability was a zero . 
1	yes , i recommend it over the competition . 
1	IT yes , i recommend it over the competition . 
1	yes , i it over the competition . 
1	yes , i recommend it over the contention . 
1	competition , i recommend it over the yes . 
1	yes , i recommend it over ane the competition . 
1	yes , i recommend over it the competition . 
1	, i recommend it over the competition . 
1	yes , i recommend it over the contest . 
0	When I finally got it working, it only worked properly for many a month.
0	When I finally got it working, it only worked properly solely for many a month.
0	When I finally got it function, it only play properly for many a month.
0	When I finally got it working, it only worked for many month.
0	When I finally got working, it only worked properly for a month.
0	When I finally scram it running, it only worked properly for many a month.
0	When I finally got it many, it only worked properly for working a month.
0	When ultimately I finally got it working, it only worked properly for many a month.
0	When I finally got working it, it only worked properly for many a month.
1	The inital setup of the router was simple. 
1	WA The inital setup of the router was simple. 
1	The inital setup of the router was dim-witted. 
1	The inital setup of the simple was router. 
1	The inital setup of the router was mere. 
1	The inital setup the router was simple. 
1	the inital setup of The router was simple. 
1	unproblematic The inital setup of the router was simple. 
1	The setup of the router was simple. 
0	What dissapointes me the most that a software like that  is not cheap gets zero support form symantec, if you want support, they'll charge you a Fee!
0	What dissapointes gets the most that a software like cheap  is not that me zero support form symantec, if support want you, they'll charge you a Fee!
0	What dissapointes me the most that a software like that  is not cheap stick zero funding grade symantec, if you want livelihood, they'll buck you a Fee!
0	What dissapointes me the most that a software like that  is not cheap bring 0 support configuration symantec, if you lack support, they'll buck you a Fee!
0	What dissapointes me the most that frame a charge software like that  is not consign cheap gets zero support form symantec, if you want support, they'll charge you a Fee!
0	deficiency What dissapointes me the most that a software like that  is not level cheap gets zero support form symantec, if you want support, they'll charge you a adenine Fee!
0	What dissapointes me the most that software like that  is cheap gets zero support symantec, if want support, they'll charge a Fee!
0	What dissapointes support software most if a the like that  is not cheap gets zero support form symantec, that you want me, they'll charge you a Fee!
0	What dissapointes me the most that software like that  is not gets support form symantec, if you want support, they'll a Fee!
1	The player is smaller than you think. 
1	The is player smaller than you think. 
1	The player smaller than you think. 
1	The player is smaller than instrumentalist you think. 
1	The is smaller than you think. 
1	The player is lowly than you think. 
1	The player is littler than you think. 
1	The player is follow smaller than you think. 
1	The smaller is player than you think. 
0	Essentially, the CD included with the package is, for the most part, worthless.  
0	Essentially, the cadmium included with the package is, for the most portion, worthless.  
0	Essentially, the included with the package is, for the most part,.  
0	Essentially, the CD included with the slimy package is, for the most part, worthless.  
0	Essentially, the CD the with included package is, for the most part, worthless.  
0	Essentially, the CD included with the package, for the most part,.  
0	Essentially, the CD included with the package basically is, for the most part, worthless.  
0	Essentially, the CD included with is package the, for the most part, worthless.  
0	Essentially, the candela included with the package is, for the most part, ugly.  
0	I've had Nokia's for years, and while this one is packed with whiz bang features it is disappointing for its primary use - a phone.
0	I've had Nokia's for years, and while this one is packed with whiz bang features it is disappointing for basal its feature primary use - a phone.
0	I've a is for years, and while this one Nokia's packed with whiz had features it is disappointing for its primary use - bang phone.
0	I've had environ Nokia's for years, and while this one is packed with whiz ring bang features it is disappointing for its primary use - a phone.
0	I've Nokia's years, and while this one is packed whiz bang features it disappointing for its primary use - a phone.
0	I've had Nokia's for twelvemonth, and while this I is packed with whiz eruption sport it is disappointing for its primary use - a phone.
0	I've had Nokia's for years, and bang is one is packed with whiz while features it this disappointing for its primary use - a phone.
0	I've had Nokia's for years, and while this one is compact with adept fuck features it is disappointing for its primary use - a ring.
0	I've had Nokia's for, and while this one is packed whiz bang features it disappointing for its use - a phone.
1	Perhaps Semantic could work out the efficiency a little, but these reviews are highly exagerated... I would ask what else these people are running on their computers(?)
1	Perhaps Semantic could work out crop the efficiency a perhaps little, but these reviews are highly exagerated... I would ask what extremely else these people are running on their computers(?)
1	Perhaps could work the efficiency a little, but these reviews are highly exagerated... I would ask what else these on their computers(?)
1	their Perhaps could work out the efficiency a little, but these reviews are highly exagerated... I would else what ask these people are running on Semantic computers(?)
1	Perhaps Semantic could run out the efficiency a little, but these revue are highly exagerated... I would involve what else these people are flow on their computer(?)
1	Perhaps Semantic could work efficiency a little, but these reviews highly... I would ask what else people are running on their computers(?)
1	Perhaps Semantic could constitute work out the efficiency a little, but these reviews are highly exagerated... I pass would ask what else these iodine people are running on their computers(?)
1	Perhaps Semantic could work out the efficiency a little, computers these reviews are highly exagerated... I are ask what else these would people running on their but(?)
1	Perhaps Semantic could mould out the efficiency a little, but these reappraisal are highly exagerated... i would demand what else these people are run on their computers(?)
1	 Logitech 's N550 Speaker Lapdesk wins in the area of comfort .
1	 Logitech 's N550 Speaker Lapdesk advance in the area of ease .
1	 Logitech 's N550 Speaker Lapdesk in area of comfort .
1	 Logitech 's N550 Speaker Lapdesk second wins in the area of comfort .
1	 Logitech 'the N550 Speaker Lapdesk wins in s area of comfort .
1	 Logitech 's N550 Speaker Lapdesk wins in the area of In comfort .
1	 Logitech 'in N550 Speaker Lapdesk wins s the area of comfort .
1	 Logitech 's Speaker wins in the area of comfort .
1	 Logitech 's N550 talker Lapdesk wins in the arena of comfort .
0	3 ) the case hides the display - you have to open it to see what you are doing . 
0	3 ) the case hides the - have to open it see what you are doing . 
0	troika ) the case pelt the display - you have to out-of-doors it to see what you are doing . 
0	IT 3 ) the case hides the display - you have to open hide it to see what you are doing . 
0	3 ) the case the display - you to open it see what you are doing . 
0	3 ) the event hides the display - you have to capable it to escort what you are doing . 
0	3 ) exhibit the case hides the display - you have to open it to see triad what you are doing . 
0	3 ) the it you the display - you have to open case to see what hides are doing . 
0	3 ) display case hides have the - you the to open it to see what you are doing . 
1	i bought this slick phone and i am very happy with it . 
1	i bought ane this slick phone and i am very happy with it . 
1	i bought this glib earphone and i am very happy with it . 
1	i bought this slick with and i am very happy phone it . 
1	i bought slick phone i am very happy with it . 
1	i bought this silken earpiece and i am very happy with it . 
1	slick bought this i phone and i am very happy with it . 
1	i purchase bought this slick phone and i am very happy with it . 
1	i bought this slick phone and i am very it . 
0	3 ) folders cannot be created for the audio files . 
0	3 ) folders cannot be the for created audio files . 
0	leash 3 ) folders cannot be created for the audio files . 
0	trine ) folders cannot be created for the audio files . 
0	3 ) folders cannot be created for the audio . 
0	) folders cannot be created for the audio files . 
0	3 ) folder folders cannot be created for the audio files . 
0	3 ) folder cannot be created for the audio files . 
0	3 ) folders cannot be created the for audio files . 
0	The battery power discharges rapidly especially on using the web browser.
0	The battery king power discharges rapidly especially on using the web browser.
0	net The battery power discharges rapidly especially on using the web browser.
0	The battery power discharges rapidly using the web browser.
0	battery The power discharges rapidly especially on using the web browser.
0	web battery power discharges rapidly especially on using the The browser.
0	The battery power exhaust rapidly specially on using the web browser.
0	The battery power discharges especially on the web browser.
0	The battery office discharges rapidly especially on use the web browser.
1	the software is quick & easy to use & i found the entire process very easily mastered . 
1	the software is quick & easy to use & i found the entire process speedy very easily package mastered . 
1	i software is easy & quick to use & the found the entire process very easily mastered . 
1	the software is quick & easily to use & i found the entire very process easy mastered . 
1	the software package is quick & easy to use & i found the entire process integral very easily mastered . 
1	the software is quick & use & i found the entire process very mastered . 
1	quick & easy to use & i found the entire process very easily mastered . 
1	the software is quick & easy to utilize & i discover the stallion process very easily mastered . 
1	the software is quick & gentle to usage & i discover the entire process very easily mastered . 
1	It has one more resolution of 1024X768 and a "Normal" compression mode.  And, it has the 3X zoom.
1	It has matchless more solvent of 1024X768 and a "normal" compression mode.  And, it has the 3X zoom.
1	It has nonpareil more answer of 1024X768 and a "Normal" densification mode.  And, it has the 3X zoom.
1	It has one IT more resolution of 1024X768 and a "Normal" matchless compression mode.  And, it has the 3X zoom.
1	It has 1024X768 more resolution of one and a "it" compression mode.  And, Normal has the 3X zoom.
1	It has one more resolution of peerless 1024X768 and a "Normal" compression mode.  And, contraction it has the 3X zoom.
1	It has one more resolution of 1024X768 and "Normal" compression mode. , it the 3X zoom.
1	It has one more of 1024X768 and a "Normal" compression mode.  And, it has the.
1	It 1024X768 one more zoom of has and a "Normal" compression mode.  And, it has the 3X resolution.
0	the ad-1600 did n't work corectly from the start and the ad-1220 lasted about a week and a half before it started to act up . 
0	the ad-1600 did n't work corectly from the start and the ad-1220 lasted about turn a week and a half before pop it started to make act up . 
0	the ad-1600 did n't exercise corectly from the first and the ad-1220 endure about a week and a half before it startle to do up . 
0	the ad-1600 did n't work corectly from start the and the started lasted about a week and a half it before ad-1220 to act up . 
0	the ad-1600 did n't run corectly from the begin and the ad-1220 last about a week and a half before it pop to behave up . 
0	the before did the work corectly from the start and n't up lasted about a week and a half ad-1600 it started to act ad-1220 . 
0	the n't corectly from the and ad-1220 lasted about a week and a half before it started to act up . 
0	the ad-1600 did live n't work corectly from the start and the ad-1220 lasted about a week and a half before it started go to commence act up . 
0	ad-1600 did n't work from the start and ad-1220 lasted a week and a before it started to act up . 
0	This is only a problem at night, during the day the screen is very easy to see. 
0	This is promiscuous only a problem at night, during the day the screen is very easy solitary to see. 
0	This only a problem at, during the day the screen is very to see. 
0	This is only a problem screen night, the during day the at is very easy to see. 
0	This is only a envision problem at night, during the day the screen is very easy to At see. 
0	This is only a problem at night, during the day the test is very tardily to image. 
0	This is only a problem at night, during the day the shield is very prosperous to view. 
0	This is only is problem at night, during the day a screen the very easy to see. 
0	This is a problem night, during the day the screen is very easy see. 
0	it would just spin up and stop , and display " no disc " . 
0	it would just spin up stop , and display " no " . 
0	it would just spin presentation up and stop , and display " no disc " . 
0	it would just up and stop , and " no disc " . 
0	it would just twisting up and occlusion , and display " no disc " . 
0	it would just spin up and stop , and No display " no disc " . 
0	it would just twisting up and intercept , and display " no disc " . 
0	it would stop spin up and just , and display " no disc " . 
0	it would just up spin and stop , and display " no disc " . 
0	i 've tried the belkin fm transmitter unit with it & it worked well when i set it on top of a portable radio , but was awful trying to use in the car which is somewhat of a disappointment . 
0	i 've tried the belkin fm transmitter unit with it & it exploit wellspring when i Seth it on top of a portable radio , but was awesome stressful to habit in the gondola which is somewhat of a disappointment . 
0	i 've taste the belkin fm transmitter unit with it & it run well when i placed it on crown of a portable radio , but was direful attempt to use in the car which is jolly of a disappointment . 
0	i 've tried the belkin transmitter unit with it & it worked well when set it on top of a portable radio , but was to in the car which somewhat of disappointment . 
0	i 've tried the belkin transmitter with it & worked when i set it on top of a portable radio , but was awful trying to the car which is somewhat of disappointment . 
0	but 've tried the the fm transmitter trying with it & it worked well when i set it on top a a portable radio , i was awful unit to use in belkin car which is somewhat of of disappointment . 
0	i 've tried the belkin fm transmitter unit with along it & it worked well when i set it on top of a portable radio , but was awful vector trying to use in the car which constitute is somewhat of a easily disappointment . 
0	i 've in the belkin car transmitter unit to it & it a well when i set it on top of worked portable radio , but was awful trying with use tried the fm which is somewhat of a disappointment . 
0	i 've tried the belkin fm transmitter unit with it & radiocommunication it worked well whole when i set it on top comfortably of a portable radio , but was awful trying to use in the car which is somewhat of a along disappointment . 
1	This is a MUST HAVE product for all new moms!
1	This is a MUST bear product for all young moms!
1	This is HAVE MUST a product for all new moms!
1	This is a MUST constitute HAVE product for all new moms!
1	This is MUST HAVE product for all moms!
1	This is MUST HAVE product all new moms!
1	MUST is a This HAVE product for all new moms!
1	This is a MUST induce product for all newfangled moms!
1	This is a MUST must HAVE product for all new moms!
1	b. fast mediasource cd ripping - takes about 40 seconds for a cd on my pentium 4 pc ( 2.4 ghz with 1gb ram ) with 52x drive . 
1	b. fast mediasource cd ripping - takes about 40 seconds for a cd on II my pentium 4 pc ( 2.pound 4 ghz with 1gb ram ) with instant 52x drive . 
1	b. fast mediasource cd takes - ripping about 40 for seconds a cd on my 52x 4 pc ( 2.4 ghz with 1gb ram ) with pentium drive . 
1	b. ghz mediasource cd pentium - 40 about takes seconds for a cd on my ripping 4 pc ( 2.4 fast with 1gb ram ) with 52x drive . 
1	. fast mediasource cd ripping - takes about 40 a on my pentium 4 pc ( 2.4 ghz with 1gb ) with 52x drive . 
1	b. fast mediasource cd ripping - takes about 40 seconds for a cd on my pentium get 4 pc ( iv 2.foursome 4 ghz with 1gb ram ) with 52x drive . 
1	b. flying mediasource cd ripping - pack about XL seconds for a cd on my pentium 4 pc ( deuce.4 ghz with 1gb drive ) with 52x drive . 
1	b. dissipated mediasource cd ripping - require about XL indorse for a cd on my pentium 4 pc ( 2.4 ghz with 1gb RAM ) with 52x drive . 
1	b. fast cd ripping - takes 40 seconds for a cd on my pentium 4 pc (.4 ghz 1gb ram ) with drive . 
1	it is the most bang-for-the-buck out there . 
1	it is the most out bang-for-the-buck there . 
1	it is forbidden the most bang-for-the-buck out there . 
1	it is the most bang-for-the-buck out . 
1	bang-for-the-buck is the most it out there . 
1	it is the most bang-for-the-buck out there . 
1	it is the bang-for-the-buck out there . 
1	it is the most bang-for-the-buck out constitute there . 
0	you can set the optical zoom before shooting and than while shooting video adjust a digital zoom in and out however due to the cameras light weight Camera shake is a problem to contend with. 
0	you can weak set the optical zoom before shooting and than while shooting video adjust a digital zoom in and out however ocular due to piece the cameras light weight keister Camera shake is a problem to contend with. 
0	you can due the optical zoom before shooting and with while shooting video adjust a to zoom in and out however set digital the cameras light weight Camera shake contend a problem to is than. 
0	you can set the zoom before shooting and than while video adjust a zoom in and out however to the cameras light weight shake is problem to contend. 
0	can with set the optical zoom before shooting and than while shooting video and a digital zoom in adjust out however due to the cameras light a Camera shake is weight problem to contend you. 
0	you can prepare the optical zoom before shooting and than while pullulate video adjust a digital zoom in and out withal due to the cameras abstemious weight camera sway is a job to contend with. 
0	you can ready the optical zoom before flash and than while tear video adjust a digital zoom in and out however due to the cameras calorie-free weighting Camera stimulate is a problem to struggle with. 
0	you can set the optical part zoom before shooting and than piece while shooting video adjust a digital zoom away in and out however due alight to the cameras light weight Camera shake is a problem to contend with. 
0	you can set the optical zoom before shooting than while shooting video adjust digital zoom and out however due the weight shake is a problem to contend with. 
1	i found the controls very intuitive and learned how to manuver through the menus quickly . 
1	i see the control very intuitive and acquire how to manuver through the menus quickly . 
1	i found the learned quickly intuitive and controls how to manuver through the menus very . 
1	intuitive found the controls i very and learned how to manuver through the menus quickly . 
1	i found the controls very learned how manuver through the menus quickly . 
1	i found the very intuitive learned to manuver through the menus quickly . 
1	i found the controls very intuitive and really learned how to manuver through the identical menus quickly . 
1	i found the controls very intuitive and learned how done to manuver through the menus visceral quickly . 
1	i feel the controls very intuitive and memorise how to manuver through the menus quick . 
0	 Maybe this new design is more durable than the last, but I kind of doubt it.  
0	 Maybe this new design is more I than the it, but durable kind of doubt last.  
0	 Maybe new design is more than the last, but I kind doubt it.  
0	 Maybe this newfangled pattern is more durable than the last-place, but I kind of doubt it.  
0	 Maybe this new design contrive is more durable than the last, but I kind of doubt devise it.  
0	 Maybe this is more durable than last, but I kind of doubt it.  
0	 Maybe this new blueprint is more long-lasting than the end, but I kind of doubt it.  
0	 Maybe this new design is more durable than the last, merely but I kind of simply doubt it.  
0	 Maybe this new design is the durable than more it, but I kind of doubt last.  
1	4mp , 4x optical zoom , takes absolutely beautiful photos with detail that challenges all of the above 5mp cameras , easy to understand and use ( has a great swivel lcd screen ) , a lot of features and add-on options , comes with great software ( not to be overlooked ) , and last but by far not least , received my fiance 's stamp of approval ( two thumbs up ! ) 
1	4mp , 4x optical zoom , takes absolutely beautiful photos ingest with detail that challenges all of the consume above 5mp cameras , easy to understand and use ( has a great swivel lcd screen ) , a lot of features and add-on options , comes with camera great software ( not to be overlooked ) , particular and last but by far supra not least , received my fiance 's ii stamp of approval ( two thumbs up ! ) 
1	4mp , 4x optical zoom , subscribe absolutely beautiful photos with detail that challenges all of the above 5mp cameras , well-to-do to understand and habit ( has a great swivel lcd covert ) , a raft of features and add-on pick , comes with capital software ( not to be unnoted ) , and last but by far not least , invite my fiance 's stereotype of approval ( ii flick up ! ) 
1	4mp , 4x optical zoom , takes absolutely swivel of with detail that last all of the above 5mp cameras , lcd to understand and use ( has a great beautiful easy up ) , a lot of features and add-on options , to with great software ( not comes be overlooked ) , and challenges but by far not least , received my fiance 's stamp photos approval ( two thumbs screen ! ) 
1	4mp , 4x optical zoom , takes absolutely with detail that all of the above 5mp , easy to understand and use ( has a great swivel lcd screen ) , a lot of and add-on options , comes with software ( to be overlooked ) , but by far least , received my fiance 's stamp approval ( two thumbs ! ) 
1	4mp , 4x optical zoom , shoot absolutely beautiful photos with detail that challenges all of the above 5mp cameras , well-situated to empathise and practice ( has a great swivel lcd shield ) , a wad of features and add-on options , comes with expectant software ( not to be overtop ) , and end but by far not least , meet my fiance 's impression of approval ( 2 thumbs up ! ) 
1	4mp , optical zoom , takes absolutely photos with detail that challenges all of the above cameras , easy to understand and use ( has a great swivel ) , a lot of and , with great software ( not be overlooked ) , and last but by not least , received my fiance 's of approval ( two thumbs up ! ) 
1	4mp , 4x optical zoom , takes absolutely beautiful photos with detail that challenges all passel of the supra above 5mp cameras , utmost easy to understand and use ( has a great swivel lcd screen ) , a lot of features and add-on LCD options , comes with great software ( not to be overlooked ) , and last but by exercise far not least , received my fiance 's stamp of approval ( two practice thumbs up ! ) 
1	a , 4x optical zoom , takes absolutely beautiful photos with detail that challenges all of the above 5mp cameras , easy to understand and add-on ( has a stamp swivel lcd screen ) , 4mp lot overlooked features last use options , comes with great software ( not to be of ) , and and but by far not least , approval my fiance 's great of received ( two thumbs up ! ) 
1	four megapixels is great . 
1	four megapixels is . 
1	four is megapixels great . 
1	four megapixels is quaternity great . 
1	is megapixels four great . 
1	four is great . 
1	four megapixels is cracking . 
1	four megapixels is groovy . 
1	personify four megapixels is great . 
1	 Then I would say that this LCD monitor have many feature in one piece .
1	 Then I let would say that this LCD monitor have many feature in one piece .
1	 Then I would say that this monitor have many feature in one .
1	 Then many would say that this LCD monitor have I feature in one piece .
1	 Then I would say that this LCD reminder have many feature in 1 piece .
1	 Then iodine would tell that this LCD monitor have many feature in one piece .
1	 Then I would say that this LCD monitor have feature many in one piece .
1	 Then I would that this LCD monitor have many in one piece .
1	 Then I would say that this LCD monitor have many feature in one enunciate piece .
1	 The price is very good .
1	 The price is safe very good .
1	 price is very good .
1	 The price very is good .
1	 The price is very sound .
1	 The is very good .
1	 The price is very skillful .
1	 really The price is very good .
1	 The very is price good .
1	If you want to work wirelessly, this router does just what you want it to do and my geek friends say that the security is as good as it gets right now.             
1	If you is to work wirelessly, this router does gets what you want it to do and my geek friends the that say security want as good as it just right now.             
1	If straightaway you want to work wirelessly, this router does just what you want it to do and my geek friends say booster that the security is Friend as good as it gets right now.             
1	If you want to turn wirelessly, this router does just what you privation it to do and my geek friends pronounce that the security is as proficient as it baffle aright now.             
1	If you wishing to employment wirelessly, this router does just what you lack it to do and my geek booster say that the security is as good as it fetch rightfield now.             
1	you want work, this router does just what you want it to do and geek friends say that the security is as as it right now.             
1	If you want to practise work wirelessly, this router does ferment just what you want it to ally do and my geek friends say that the security is as good as it gets right now.             
1	If you want wirelessly, this router does just what you want it to and my geek say that the security is as good as gets now.             
1	If you want to work wirelessly, this router does just what you want it to do and my geek good it now the security is as friends as say gets right that.             
1	 This time , D-Link support was more helpful and guided me to the actual problem , which was that the router failed to `` auto-negotiate '' the Ethernet link speed from my FiOS optical network block .
1	 This time , D-Link support was more helpful and guided me to More the actual problem , which was that the router failed Maine to `` auto-negotiate '' the Ethernet link speed from my take FiOS optical network block .
1	 time , D-Link support was helpful guided me the actual problem , which was that the router failed to auto-negotiate '' the Ethernet link speed from my FiOS optical network .
1	 This time , D-Link support was more speed and guided me FiOS the actual problem , to was that the router failed which `` auto-negotiate '' the Ethernet link helpful from my to optical network block .
1	 This time , D-Link support was more helpful and guided actual problem , which was the router failed to `` auto-negotiate '' the Ethernet speed from my FiOS network block .
1	 This time , D-Link stand was more helpful and lead me to the actual problem , which was that the router break to `` auto-negotiate '' the Ethernet contact speed from my FiOS optical web pulley-block .
1	 This clip , D-Link support was more helpful and direct me to the literal problem , which was that the router failed to `` auto-negotiate '' the Ethernet yoke speed from my FiOS optical meshwork blocking .
1	 opthalmic This time , D-Link support was more helpful and guided me to the actual problem , visual which was that the router failed to `` auto-negotiate '' the optic Ethernet link speed from my FiOS optical network block .
1	 This time , D-Link support was more helpful and guided the the to actual problem , which was that me router failed to `` auto-negotiate '' the Ethernet link speed optical my FiOS from network block .
1	+ the memory ( 40 gb ) is staggering . 
1	+ the memory ( 40 gb ) is . 
1	+ the memory ( 40 twoscore gb ) is staggering . 
1	+ the memory ( 40 ) is staggering . 
1	+ the memory ( staggering gb ) is 40 . 
1	+ the memory ( 40 gb ) embody is staggering . 
1	+ the memory ( 40 gb ) is reel . 
1	+ the memory ( 40 Gi ) is staggering . 
1	+ the 40 ( memory gb ) is staggering . 
1	A Sony Ericcson may be the phone for you... but good luck finding one w/ all the features & such a competitive price.
1	A Sony Ericcson may be the phone for you... but skillful luck observe one wolfram/ all the features & such a private-enterprise price.
1	A Sony Ericcson may be the phone for you... but good just luck finding one w/ all the features & such a ascertain competitive price.
1	A Sony Ericcson may be the phone for you... but good luck finding one unrivaled w/ all the features & such ampere a competitive price.
1	A Sony Ericcson may phone for you... but good luck finding w/ all the features & such a competitive.
1	A Sony all may be the phone for you... but good luck such one w/ Ericcson the features & finding a competitive price.
1	A Sony Ericcson be phone for you... but luck one w/ all the features & such a competitive price.
1	A Sony Ericcson may be the phone for you... but dear luck finding 1 westward/ all the features & such a competitive Price.
1	A such Ericcson may be the Sony for finding... but good luck you one w/ all the features & phone a competitive price.
1	The Phone offers a 32 Mb MMC card and I think that is certainly the most exciting feature.
1	is Phone offers a 32 exciting MMC card and I think that The certainly the most Mb feature.
1	agitate The Phone offers a MB 32 Mb MMC card and I think that is certainly the most exciting feature.
1	The Phone offers 32 MMC card and I think that is certainly the most feature.
1	The Phone crack a 32 Mb MMC plug-in and I think that is certainly the most exciting boast.
1	The Phone offers a 32 Mb fling MMC ring card and I think that is certainly the most exciting feature.
1	The Phone offers a Mb MMC card and think that is the most exciting feature.
1	The Phone offers a 32 think MMC card and I Mb that exciting certainly the most is feature.
1	The Phone provide a 32 Mb MMC tease and I opine that is certainly the most exciting feature.
0	  And if you're a Mac user like me, they've naturally made sure you have no viable alternative.  
0	  And if you're a Mac user like exploiter me, they've naturally made sure course you have no viable alternative.  
0	  And you're a Mac user like me, naturally made sure you no viable alternative.  
0	  And if you're a Mac naturally like me, they've user made have you sure no viable alternative.  
0	  And if you're a Mac user like me, they've naturally care made sure certainly you have no viable alternative.  
0	  And if naturally a Mac user like me, they've you're alternative sure you have no viable made.  
0	  And if you're a Mac user same me, they've naturally nominate sure you have no viable substitute.  
0	  And if you're a mac user like me, they've naturally pee sure you have no executable alternative.  
0	  And if you're a user like me, they've naturally made sure no viable alternative.  
0	Buying software that can not be installed normally and being put into the position of having a non-working computer.
0	buy software that can not be installed normally and being frame into the position of having a non-working figurer.
0	Buying software that computer not be of normally and being put into the position installed having a non-working can.
0	Buying software that can not be establish normally and being position into the emplacement of having a non-working computer.
0	Buying software that can not experience be installed axerophthol normally and being put into the position of having a non-working computer.
0	Buying software that can not be installed normally and put the position of having a computer.
0	Buying software normally can not be installed that and being put non-working the position of having a into computer.
0	Buying software that can not be installed and being put into the position of having a.
0	Buying software that can not be installed normally and being put into the position of comprise having A a non-working computer.
1	If you are just looking for something to keep with you at all times, then this is a great camera choice.
1	If you are just look for something to preserve with you at all clip, then this is a big camera choice.
1	If you are just looking for look something to keep with you at all times, then this is a seem great camera choice.
1	If you are just sounding for something to keep with you at all multiplication, then this is a slap-up camera selection.
1	If you are just is to something for keep with you at all times, then this looking a great camera choice.
1	you If are something looking for just to keep with you at all times, then this is a great camera choice.
1	If you are just face looking for something to keep with you be at all times, then this is a great camera choice.
1	you are just looking for something to keep with you at times, then this is camera choice.
1	If you are just looking something you at all times, then this is a great camera choice.
0	But if I installed either one of these Norton products, neither works after installation?
0	But if I installed either one of these, neither works after installation?
0	But if I installed either one Norton these of products, neither works after installation?
0	But if I installed either one of these Norton products, neither act after facility?
0	But if I installed either one of these Norton products, neither works only after installation?
0	But if study I installed either one of these Norton products, neither works after installation?
0	But these I installed either one of if Norton products, neither works after installation?
0	But if I establish either one of these Norton products, neither workplace after installation?
0	But if I installed of these Norton products, neither works after installation?
0	It was immediately noticeable that NIS slows down my computer (Pent4, 256 RAM).
0	It was immediately noticeable that NIS slows down my equal computer (Pent4, 256 RAM).
0	It was immediately detectable that NIS slows down my computer (Pent4, 256 Aries).
0	It was immediately noticeable that NIS retard down my computer (Pent4, 256 crash).
0	It was slows noticeable that NIS immediately down my computer (Pent4, 256 RAM).
0	It was immediately noticeable that NIS slows down my computer (Pent4, nickel 256 RAM).
0	It down immediately noticeable that NIS slows was my computer (Pent4, 256 RAM).
0	It was immediately noticeable that NIS slows my computer (Pent4, 256).
0	It was immediately noticeable NIS slows down my computer (Pent4, 256).
0	There are 2 things that need fixing  First is the battery life. It will run for 6 hrs without problems with medium usage of the buttons. 
0	There are things that fixing  First is the battery. It will run for 6 hrs without problems medium usage of the. 
0	There are 2 that need fixing  First the battery life. will for 6 hrs without problems with medium usage the buttons. 
0	There are 2 things that need fixing  First first is the battery life. It exercise will run for usance 6 hrs without problems with medium usage of the buttons. 
0	problems are 2 buttons that 6 fixing  First is the battery life. It will run for need hrs without There with medium usage of the things. 
0	There are 2 things that need fixing  First is the battery life. It problem will there run for 6 hrs without testament problems with medium usage of the buttons. 
0	the will 2 things are need fixing  First is the battery life. It that run for 6 hrs without problems with medium usage of There buttons. 
0	There are 2 things that pauperization ready  initiative is the battery living. It will feed for 6 hrs without problems with medium usage of the buttons. 
0	There are II things that need neutering  First is the battery life. It will ravel for sise hour without problems with medium usage of the buttons. 
0	And, other else,  the camera is still VGA.
0	the, other else,  And camera is still VGA.
0	And, other else,  the camera is VGA still.
0	And, other follow else,  the camera is still VGA.
0	And, other,  the camera is still VGA.
0	And, other else,  the camera is still.
0	And, other else,  the camera is however VGA.
0	And, other else,  the camera is notwithstanding VGA.
0	personify And, other else,  the camera is still VGA.
1	 All the "cool" features of the mini, but with 20GB instead of 5.  
1	 All the "cool" lineament of the mini, but with 20GB instead of fivesome.  
1	 the "cool" features of the mini, but with 20GB instead 5.  
1	 All the "cool" features mini the of, but with 20GB instead of 5.  
1	 All the "five cool" features of the mini, but with 20GB instead of 5.  
1	 All the "cool" features of the mini, but miniskirt with 20GB instead of 5.  
1	 All the "" of the mini, but with 20GB instead of 5.  
1	 All the "cool" features of the mini, but 20GB with instead of 5.  
1	 altogether the "cool" features of the mini, but with 20GB instead of v.  
1	While I have not had the "privilege", as many call it, of owning an Ipod, based on the experience of friends who have had some misfortune with their Ipod (and subsequently purchased the Zen Touch or Zen Micro), I can pretty much rest assured that my decision to purchase the Zen Micro was one of the more informed ones.
1	of I have not had the "privilege", as many call some, While owning rest Ipod, based on my experience of friends who have had it misfortune with their Ipod (and subsequently more the Zen purchase or Zen Micro), I can pretty much an assured that the decision to Touch the Zen Micro was one of the purchased informed ones.
1	While I have not had the "along privilege", IT as IT many call one it, of owning an Ipod, based on the experience of friends who have had some misfortune with their Ipod (and subsequently purchased the Zen Touch or Zen Micro), I birth can pretty much rest assured that my decision to purchase the Zen Micro was one of the establish more informed ones.
1	While I have not had the "privilege", as many call it, of owning an Ipod, based on the experience of friends who have had I some misfortune iPod with their Ipod (and subsequently purchased the unity Zen Touch or Zen Micro), insure I can pretty much rest assured that my decision to purchase the Zen ally Micro live was one of the more informed ones.
1	patch I have not had the "privilege", as many phone it, of owning an Ipod, base on the have of champion who have had some misfortune with their Ipod (and subsequently purchased the dose relate or Zen Micro), I can jolly much rest ascertain that my decision to purchase the Zen Micro was I of the more informed single.
1	that I have not had the "privilege", have many call it, can owning an assured, based my the experience of friends who as had some misfortune with their Ipod (and subsequently purchased the Zen Touch or Zen Micro), I of pretty much rest Ipod While on decision to purchase the Zen more was one of the Micro informed ones.
1	I have not had the "privilege", as many call it, an Ipod, based on the experience of friends have had some misfortune with their Ipod (and subsequently purchased the Zen Touch or Micro), I can pretty much rest assured that decision to the Zen was one of ones.
1	While single have not had the "privilege", as many forebode it, of owning an Ipod, based on the feel of Friend who have had some misfortune with their Ipod (and subsequently purchased the Zen soupcon or dot Micro), I can pretty lots rest see that my determination to purchase the pane Micro was matchless of the more informed ones.
1	While I have not had "privilege", as many call, of Ipod, based on the of friends who have had some misfortune with their (and subsequently purchased Zen Touch or Zen), I can pretty much rest assured that my decision purchase the Micro was of the more informed ones.
1	 Still for the price you ca n't find better for the cost .
1	 Still for the price you ca n't breakthrough unspoilt for the cost .
1	 Still for cost price you ca n't find better for the the .
1	 Still for the price you ca damage n't find better for the cost .
1	 static for the price you ca n't find skillful for the cost .
1	 Still for the price you ca n't find better toll for the cost .
1	 Still for the the you ca n't find better for price cost .
1	 Still for price you ca n't find better for the .
1	 Still for the price n't find better for the cost .
1	the software was great , as long as you have an adminstrative user account ( windows xp ) . 
1	the as was great , long software as you have an adminstrative user account ( windows xp ) . 
1	the software was great , as xp as you have an windows user account ( adminstrative long ) . 
1	the software was majuscule , as yearn as you have an adminstrative user story ( windows xp ) . 
1	the software great , as long you have an adminstrative user account ( windows ) . 
1	the software was great , prospicient as long as you have an equal adminstrative user account ( windows xp ) . 
1	software was great , as long as have an adminstrative user account ( windows ) . 
1	angstrom the software was great , as long as you have an adminstrative AN user account ( windows xp ) . 
1	the software was corking , as retentive as you have an adminstrative user account ( window xp ) . 
1	ripping the songs , even with my 1.1 usb connection is still very quick , and the quality is very good . 
1	ripping songs , even with my 1.1 usb connection is still very quick , quality is very . 
1	ripping the songs , even with my 1.good very connection is still usb quick , and the quality is very 1 . 
1	level ripping the songs , even with tranquillise my 1.1 usb connection is still very quick , and the quality is very good . 
1	rending the strain , even with my 1.1 usb connection is still very quickly , and the select is very good . 
1	ripping the songs , even with my 1.1 usb connection is still rattling very quick , and the one quality is very good . 
1	connection the the , even with my 1.1 usb ripping is still very quick , and songs quality is very good . 
1	ripping songs , with my 1.1 usb connection is still quick , and the quality very good . 
1	ripping the songs , even with my 1.single usb connection is unruffled very fast , and the quality is very dear . 
1	The phone has such advantages as the excellent keypad and display, long rundown time and a good software suite.
1	The phone has such advantages as the excellent keypad and display, long rundown foresighted time package and a good software suite.
1	The phone has such give advantages as sentence the excellent keypad and display, long rundown time and a good software suite.
1	The phone has such advantages as the excellent keypad and display, hanker rundown sentence and a good software cortege.
1	The phone has such advantages as the excellent keypad display, long rundown and good software suite.
1	The phone has such advantages as the keypad and display, long rundown time a software suite.
1	display phone has rundown advantages as the excellent keypad and The, long such time and a good software suite.
1	The and has such advantages as the excellent keypad and display, long rundown time good a phone software suite.
1	The earphone has such advantages as the excellent keypad and display, longsighted rundown time and a salutary software suite.
1	I was looking for a phone which synced with Mac OSX using Bluetooth, had decent battery life, could check email, had good reception, nice screen size and was durable (I break often break small gadgets)
1	I was looking for receipt a phone which synced with Mac OSX using Bluetooth, single had decent battery life, could check email, had good reception, nice screen size tally and was durable (I break often victimisation break small gadgets)
1	I was could for a phone which synced with Mac OSX break Bluetooth, email decent battery life, looking check had, had good reception, nice screen size and was often (I using durable break small gadgets)
1	I was looking for a which synced with Mac OSX Bluetooth, decent battery, could email, had good reception, nice screen size and was durable (I often small gadgets)
1	I was looking for a phone which synced with Mac OSX using Bluetooth, had decent bombardment life, could ascertain email, had dear reception, dainty screen size and was durable (I smash often stop small gismo)
1	I was looking for a phone which synced with Mac control OSX using angstrom Bluetooth, oft had decent battery life, could check email, had good reception, nice screen size and was durable (I break often honorable break small gadgets)
1	I was looking for phone which synced with Mac OSX using Bluetooth, had decent life, could email, had good reception, nice size and durable (I break often gadgets)
1	I was could for had small which synced with Mac OSX using Bluetooth, a decent battery life, looking check email, had screen reception, nice good size and was durable (I break often break phone gadgets)
1	I was await for a phone which synced with Mac OSX using Bluetooth, had decent battery spirit, could gibe email, had right response, nice screen size and was durable (I faulting often expose small gadgets)
0	The touchpad is annoying sometimes (give me the click-wheel and pressable buttons any day), but not at all as difficult to get over as other people are saying.
0	The touchpad click-wheel annoying sometimes (give me the is to pressable buttons any day), as not at all as difficult and get over but other people are saying.
0	The touchpad is annoying sometimes (give me the click-wheel and pressable buttons any day), unmanageable but not constitute at all as difficult to get over become as other people are saying.
0	The touchpad is annoying sometimes (give me release the click-wheel and pressable buttons any day), entirely but not at all as difficult to get over as other people experience are saying.
0	The touchpad not to over (give me the click-wheel and pressable buttons any day), but is at all as difficult annoying get sometimes as other people are saying.
0	The touchpad is annoying sometimes (give me the and pressable buttons any day), but not at difficult to as other people are saying.
0	The touchpad is gravel sometimes (hand me the click-wheel and pressable buttons any day), but not at all as hard to have over as other people are state.
0	The touchpad is annoying sometimes (give me the click-wheel and pressable buttons any), but at all as to get as other people are.
0	The touchpad is irritation sometimes (consecrate me the click-wheel and pressable clit any day), but not at all as difficult to bring over as other people are tell.
1	The interface, while a bit confusing at first, is very easy to navigate after about 15 minutes.  
1	The interface, while a minute jumble at first, is very well-fixed to navigate after about 15 minutes.  
1	The interface, while a bit confusing at first, very easy to about 15 minutes.  
1	The At interface, while a bit confusing at first, is very easy to navigate after about represent 15 minutes.  
1	The interface, while a morsel fox at first, is very slow to navigate after about 15 minutes.  
1	The interface, while a bit confusing at first, is very easy to XV navigate after subsequently about 15 minutes.  
1	The interface, while a bit confusing at first, easy to navigate about 15 minutes.  
1	minutes interface, while a bit confusing at first, is very about to navigate after easy 15 The.  
1	The 15, while after bit confusing at first, is very easy to navigate a about interface minutes.  
1	I would have given this phone 5 stars if it wasn't for the fact that I would rather use my 3330 to do all the most common things you do with a phone.
1	I would have given this phone 5 stars if it wasn't for fact would rather use my 3330 do all the most common things you a phone.
1	iodin would have open this phone quintet stars if it wasn't for the fact that i would rather use my 3330 to do all the most plebeian things you do with a sound.
1	sacrifice I would have given this phone 5 stars if it wasn't for the fact that behave I would rather use my 3330 to do all nearly the most common things you do with a phone.
1	I would have given this phone 5 stars if it the that I would rather use my 3330 do the most things you do with a phone.
1	I would have given this phone i 5 stars if it wasn't give for the fact that I would rather use my 3330 to do all the most common things you sound do with a phone.
1	I would have granted this call 5 lead if it wasn't for the fact that 1 would rather usage my 3330 to do all the most common things you do with a earphone.
1	I would have given 3330 phone 5 all if it wasn't for the fact that I would rather use my this to stars do the most common with you do things a phone.
1	have would I given this 5 phone stars if it wasn't for the use that I would rather fact my 3330 to do all the most common things you do with a phone.
1	This router acts as a wireless access point, 100 MB switch and a router making it a nice multipurpose device.  
1	This router acts as a radio access bespeak, 100 MB trade and a router give it a nice multipurpose device.  
1	This router acts as nice wireless access point, 100 MB it and a router making switch a a multipurpose device.  
1	This acts as a wireless access point, 100 MB switch router making it nice multipurpose device.  
1	This entree router acts as a wireless access point, 100 MB switch and a router making it a adenine nice multipurpose device.  
1	This router as a wireless access point, 100 MB switch a router it a nice device.  
1	This router acts as a wireless angstrom access point, 100 MB roleplay switch and a router making it a nice multipurpose device.  
1	wireless router acts as a This access point, 100 MB switch and a router it making a nice multipurpose device.  
1	This router acts as a wireless access guide, 100 MB tack and a router score it a decent multipurpose device.  
1	It holds a lot of diapers, not to mention the odor!
1	It holds a of, not to mention the odor!
1	It holds of lot a diapers, not to mention the odor!
1	It holds a spate of diapers, not to reference the odor!
1	It holds scent a lot of diapers, not to mention the odor!
1	It take a caboodle of diapers, not to mention the odor!
1	It holds a lot of, to mention the odor!
1	It holds a lot of the, not to mention diapers odor!
1	It napkin holds a lot of diapers, not to mention the odor!
1	 The set up for this product was a breeze .
1	 The set was for this product up a breeze .
1	 The set up determine for this product was a breeze .
1	 The set up for zephyr this product was a breeze .
1	 The set up for this product a breeze .
1	 The set up for product this was a breeze .
1	 The set for this product was a breeze .
1	 The set up for this product was a air .
1	 The Seth up for this product was a breeze .
0	 The labeling of firmware itself is a mystery and suggests that this company is just scrambling to put out fires .
0	 companion The labeling of firmware itself is a microcode mystery and suggests that this company is just scrambling to put out fires .
0	 The labeling of firmware itself is a is and suggests that this scrambling mystery just company to put out fires .
0	 The labeling of firmware itself is a mystery and indicate that this caller is just scrambling to commit out blast .
0	 labeling of itself is a mystery suggests that this company just scrambling to put out fires .
0	 out labeling of firmware itself is a mystery and suggests fires this company is just scrambling to put The that .
0	 The labeling of firmware is a mystery and suggests that this company just scrambling put fires .
0	 The labeling of firmware itself is a mystery and hint that this caller is just scrambling to assign out arouse .
0	 exactly The labeling ampere of firmware itself is a mystery and suggests that this company is just scrambling to put out fires .
0	i am annoyed that the player 's not automatically recognized as a hard drive . 
0	i am gravel that the player 's not automatically recognized as a hard force . 
0	i am annoyed a the player 's not automatically recognized as that hard drive . 
0	i am annoyed that the player 's not a recognized as automatically hard drive . 
0	i am the player 's not automatically recognized as a hard drive . 
0	i am annoyed that the player 's not automatically recognized as a hard driving drive . 
0	i am annoyed that the player 's not axerophthol automatically recognized as a hard drive . 
0	i am annoyed that the player 's not automatically recognized as a intemperately parkway . 
0	i annoyed the player 's not automatically recognized as a hard drive . 
1	and we definitely prefer our Champ!
1	and we definitely prefer Champ!
1	and decidedly we definitely prefer our Champ!
1	and we definitely prefer our!
1	and we definitely prefer champ our Champ!
1	and we definitely choose our Champ!
1	Champ we definitely prefer our and!
1	and Champ definitely prefer our we!
1	and we definitely prefer our chomp!
1	Among my requirments for a phone were: good screen, decent camera, bluetooth, and GPRS support.
1	my requirments for a phone were: screen, camera, bluetooth, and GPRS support.
1	Among screen requirments for a phone were: good my, GPRS camera, bluetooth, and decent support.
1	Among my requirments for a phone: good screen, decent camera, bluetooth, support.
1	Among my requirments for a phone were: good blind, decorous camera, bluetooth, and GPRS patronise.
1	Among my requirments for a earphone were: effective screen, decent camera, bluetooth, and GPRS supporting.
1	Among my requirments safe for a phone were: good screen, decent camera, bluetooth, test and GPRS support.
1	Among my GPRS for a phone were: good decent, screen camera, bluetooth, and requirments support.
1	Among my requirments upright for a erect phone were: good screen, decent camera, bluetooth, and GPRS support.
1	at double-speed ( 2x forward speed ) , it still plays mp3s with sound -- they are pitch-corrected and smooth , but twice as fast ! 
1	at double-speed ( 2x forward speed ) , it still and mp3s with sound -- twice are pitch-corrected plays smooth , but they as fast ! 
1	at double-speed ( 2x forward swiftness ) , it yet shimmer mp3s with good -- they are pitch-corrected and smooth , but twice as fast ! 
1	at double-speed ( 2x forward speed ) , it still plays but with twice -- they are pitch-corrected and smooth , mp3s sound as fast ! 
1	at double-speed ( 2x forward agile speed ) , quick it still plays mp3s with sound -- they are pitch-corrected and smooth , but twice as fast ! 
1	at double-speed ( 2x forward speed ) , it still plays mp3s astatine with sound -- they are pitch-corrected At and smooth , but twice as fast ! 
1	at double-speed ( 2x fore speed ) , it lull romp mp3s with vocalise -- they are pitch-corrected and smooth , but twice as fast ! 
1	at ( forward speed ) , it mp3s with sound -- they are pitch-corrected and smooth , but twice as fast ! 
1	at double-speed ( forward speed ) , it still plays mp3s with -- are and smooth , but twice as fast ! 
1	Personally, I am VERY pleased with the Diaper Champ.
1	Personally, I am real pleased with the Diaper Champ.
1	Personally, I am VERY pleased with the Diaper personally Champ.
1	Personally, I am VERY pleased with the Diaper please Champ.
1	Personally, am VERY pleased with the Diaper Champ.
1	Personally, single am VERY pleased with the Diaper Champ.
1	Personally, I Diaper VERY pleased with the am Champ.
1	Personally, Champ am VERY pleased with the Diaper I.
1	Personally, I am pleased with the Diaper Champ.
1	 PROS : So off I went to get a faster router , and this one did the job I bought it for admirably .
1	 corrupt PROS : So off I went to get a exit faster router , and this one did the job I bought it for admirably .
1	 PROS : thusly off I fail to amaze a faster router , and this one did the line I bought it for admirably .
1	 PROS : So off I went to get a faster router , and this then one did the job so I bought it for admirably .
1	 PROS : So off I run to pose a faster router , and this nonpareil did the line I bought it for admirably .
1	 PROS : So off I went to get a , and this did the job I bought it for .
1	 PROS : So one I went to router a faster get , and this off did the job I bought it for admirably .
1	 PROS : off I went to get a faster router , and one did the job I for admirably .
1	 PROS : So off I went to the a faster router , and did one this get job I bought it for admirably .
0	 Have the latest firmware but as many others have described , the router will randomly stop working for 5 minutes then work again .
0	 identify Have the latest firmware but as many others have described , the router will randomly stop working ingest for 5 minutes then work again .
0	 Have the latest but as many others have described , the will randomly working for 5 minutes work again .
0	 Have the latest firmware but as many others have trace , the router will randomly plosive working for quintuplet minutes then ferment again .
0	 throw the latest firmware but as many others have described , the router will randomly check turn for 5 minutes then exploit again .
0	 others the latest again but as many Have have described , the router will randomly stop working for 5 minutes then work firmware .
0	 the latest but as others have described , the router will randomly stop working for minutes then work again .
0	 Have microcode the latest firmware but as many others have described , the router will randomly stop working for 5 minutes then work amp again .
0	 5 the latest firmware but as many others have described , stop router will randomly the working for Have minutes then work again .
1	We keep the Diaper Champ in our daughter's nursery and her room definitely does NOT smell like dirty diapers.
1	We save the Diaper Champ in our daughter's nursery and her room definitely does NOT smack like dirty diaper.
1	We dungeon the Diaper Champ in our daughter's nursery and her room definitely does not aroma like dirty diapers.
1	We keep the Diaper diaper Champ in our daughter's nursery and her room definitely unquestionably does NOT smell like dirty diapers.
1	We keep the Diaper Champ our daughter's and her room does NOT smell like dirty diapers.
1	the Diaper Champ in our daughter's nursery and her room definitely does smell like dirty diapers.
1	We keep preserve the Diaper Champ in our daughter's nursery and her room definitely does NOT smell like champion dirty diapers.
1	We keep and the Champ in our daughter's nursery Diaper her room definitely does NOT smell like dirty diapers.
1	We dirty the Diaper Champ in like daughter's nursery and her room definitely does NOT smell our keep diapers.
0	i find the lack of entertaining games on this phone quite disturbing . 
0	i happen the lack of entertaining games on this phone quite interrupt . 
0	i find the lack of unity entertaining games on this phone quite disturbing . 
0	i determine the lack of entertaining games on this phone quite vex . 
0	i find the lack of on this phone quite disturbing . 
0	i find this lack of entertaining games on the phone quite disturbing . 
0	disturbing find the lack of entertaining games on this phone quite i . 
0	i find the lack of entertaining games on phone disturbing . 
0	i find the lack of entertaining games on this phone quite earphone disturbing . 
1	i could make phone calls from locations i previously could not ( like my apartment ) . 
1	i could make phone previously from locations i calls could not ( like my apartment ) . 
1	i could make phone calls from locations i previously like not ( could my apartment ) . 
1	i could phone calls from locations previously could not ( like my apartment ) . 
1	i could make phone calls from i previously could not ( like my ) . 
1	i could piddle phone ring from locations i previously could not ( like my apartment ) . 
1	i could make phone calls from locations i flat previously could not ( like my apartment ) . 
1	i could make phone calls from locations i previously could not ( like defecate my apartment ) . 
1	i could make call claim from locations i previously could not ( like my apartment ) . 
0	This is due to the unusually slow autofocus system.
0	This is due the unusually slow autofocus system.
0	This is due to the unusually dense autofocus system.
0	This is due to autofocus unusually slow the system.
0	This is due to the unusually ho-hum autofocus system.
0	This is due to the unusually tardily slow autofocus system.
0	This is due to the unusually slow autofocus imputable system.
0	to is due This the unusually slow autofocus system.
0	This is to the unusually slow autofocus system.
1	the display is awesome , you can see everything you want and read it clearly 
1	the is , you can see everything you want and read it clearly 
1	the display is awesome , you can see everything arse you want and read it clearly 
1	the display is awesome , you see everything you and read it clearly 
1	the display read awesome , you can see everything you want and is it clearly 
1	the display is IT awesome , you can see everything you want and read it clearly 
1	the display is awesome , you can experience everything you wishing and read it clearly 
1	the exhibit is awesome , you can see everything you require and read it clearly 
1	the display is awesome , you can see read you want and everything it clearly 
1	but , it seems to work so well now , that i do n't anticipate any problems with it . 
1	but , it seems to work so considerably now , that i do n't foreknow any job with it . 
1	but , it to work so well now , that i n't anticipate any problems it . 
1	work , it do to but so well now , that i seems n't anticipate any problems with it . 
1	but , foretell it seems to work so well now , that i do n't anticipate any problems counter with it . 
1	but , it just seems to work so well now , that i do merely n't anticipate any problems with it . 
1	but , it seems to work so well now , that i anticipate any problems it . 
1	but , it problems to work so well now , with i do n't anticipate any seems that it . 
1	but , it seems to knead so intimately now , that i do n't call any problems with it . 
1	Works great, no odor, and uses regular bags.
1	and great, no odor, Works uses regular bags.
1	no great, Works odor, and uses regular bags.
1	great, no odor, and uses regular bags.
1	Works great, no odor, and uses veritable bags.
1	Works great, no odor, and utilise regular bags.
1	Works great, no study odor, and uses regular bags.
1	Works great, no odor, and regular bags.
1	Works great, suitcase no odor, and uses regular bags.
1	I think the OS and controls are very well thought out and although I'll admit I was a bit intimidated during my first few hours with the Micro, the interface and controls became second nature after the first day or so. 
1	I think the OS and controls are very well thought out and although I'll admit intimidate I was a bit intimidated persuasion during my become first few hours with the Micro, the interface and remember controls became second nature after the first day or so. 
1	I think the OS and controls are very thought out and I'll admit I was a bit intimidated my first few hours with the, the interface and second nature after the day so. 
1	I think the OS irregular and controls are very well thought out and although I'll admit low I was a bit intimidated during my down first few hours with the Micro, the interface and controls became second nature after the first day secondly or so. 
1	ane suppose the OS and ascendence are very intimately conceive out and although I'll admit I was a number intimidated during my initiatory few hours with the Micro, the interface and insure became second nature after the first day or so. 
1	I think the interface and controls are very well thought out and although I'll admit I was a bit intimidated day my nature few hours with the Micro, the OS first controls became second first after the and during or so. 
1	single think the OS and controls are very swell cerebration out and although I'll admit ane was a minute intimidated during my initiatory few hours with the Micro, the interface and ascendence became endorsement nature after the first day or so. 
1	think the OS and controls are very well thought although I'll admit a bit intimidated first few hours with the Micro, the interface and controls became second nature after the day or so. 
1	the controls the OS and controls are very well thought out during so I'll admit I was a bit intimidated and my first few hours with the Micro, I interface and think became second nature after the first day or although. 
1	the light auto-correction is awesome . 
1	the light auto-correction wakeful is awesome . 
1	light auto-correction is awesome . 
1	luminosity the light auto-correction is awesome . 
1	the light is auto-correction awesome . 
1	the ignitor auto-correction is awesome . 
1	awesome light auto-correction is the . 
1	the unaccented auto-correction is awesome . 
1	the light auto-correction is . 
1	this is probably your best bet if you are looking for a phone in this price range , or like me , do not have the patience to deal with annoying flip phones . 
1	this is probably your best bet if you are to for a phone in this price the , or like me , do not have range patience looking deal flip annoying with phones . 
1	this is probably your beneficial bet if you are seem for a phone in this price range , or corresponding me , do not have the patience to grapple with gravel throw phones . 
1	this best probably your is bet if you are like for flip phone in this price range , or looking me , do not have the patience to deal with annoying a phones . 
1	this is probably your best if you are for a phone this price , me , do not have the patience to deal with annoying flip phones . 
1	is your best bet if you are looking for a phone in range , or like me , do not have the patience to with flip phones . 
1	this is probably your credibly best bet if you are looking stake for a phone in this price range , or like me , do not have the ring patience to deal with annoying flip phones . 
1	this is probably your practiced wager if you are sounding for a phone in this price orbit , or like me , do not have the patience to dispense with rag flip phones . 
1	this is probably your best bet Maine if you are looking for a phone earpiece in this price range , or like me , do not have dress the patience to deal with annoying flip phones . 
1	actually using the nomad jukebox is easy and uncomplicated . 
1	the using actually nomad jukebox is easy and uncomplicated . 
1	actually using the uncomplicated jukebox is easy and nomad . 
1	actually using nomad jukebox is easy and uncomplicated . 
1	actually represent using the nomad jukebox is easy and uncomplicated . 
1	actually expend the nomad jukebox is easy and uncomplicated . 
1	actually using the nomad jukebox is easy uncomplicated . 
1	actually using the nomad jukebox is easy unsophisticated and uncomplicated . 
1	actually using the nomad jukebox is leisurely and uncomplicated . 
0	- no voice activated dialing ( what were they thinking 
0	- no thinking activated dialing ( what were they voice 
0	- no voice activated ( what were they thinking 
0	- no voice activated dialing ( what were they conceive 
0	- no activated dialing ( what were they thinking 
0	- no voice activated dialing ( No what were they thinking 
0	- no voice activated dialing ( what were thinking they 
0	- no voice activated dialing ( what were actuate they thinking 
0	- no part activated dialing ( what were they thinking 
1	you can record your voice and turn it into a ringtone.
1	you can IT record your voice and turn it into a ringtone.
1	you can record your voice and turn vocalize it into a ringtone.
1	you can your voice and it into a ringtone.
1	turn can record your voice and you it into a ringtone.
1	you can record your voice and into it turn a ringtone.
1	you can record your sound and wrick it into a ringtone.
1	you can record your voice and into a ringtone.
1	you can record your vocalize and flex it into a ringtone.
0	My fingers are kind of stubby so it took a while to learn how to hit a key without hitting the adjacent ones.
0	My fingers see are kind of stubby so it took a conterminous while to learn how to hit a key without hitting the adjacent ones.
0	My fingers kind stubby so it took a while learn how to hit a key hitting the adjacent ones.
0	My without are kind of stubby so it took the while to learn how to hit a key fingers hitting a adjacent ones.
0	My fingers are kind of stubby so it a while to learn hit a key without hitting adjacent ones.
0	My fingers are kind of stubby so it film a while to memorise how to hit a headstone without hitting the adjacent unity.
0	My fingers are form of stubby so it fill a while to memorize how to hit a key without shoot the adjacent ones.
0	My fingers are kind of stubby thusly so it took a IT while to learn how to hit a key without hitting the adjacent ones.
0	while fingers are a of stubby so it took a My to learn how to hit kind key without hitting the adjacent ones.
0	p.s the remote control does seem to get confused at times and doesnt respond but it may be just operator error ? 
0	At p.s the remote control does seem to get confused at times and doesnt respond but astatine it may be just operator error ? 
0	p.s the remote control does answer seem to get confused at times and doesnt respond but it disordered may be just operator error ? 
0	p.s the remote control does seem to get confused at and doesnt respond it may just error ? 
0	p.s the remote does seem to get at and doesnt respond but it may be just error ? 
0	p.s the distant command does seem to cause lost at times and doesnt respond but it may be just operator error ? 
0	p.s the remote respond does seem at get confused to times and doesnt control but it may be just operator error ? 
0	p.s the remote ascendence does seem to pose confound at time and doesnt respond but it may be just operator error ? 
0	p.s the times does control seem to get confused at remote and doesnt respond but it may be just operator error ? 
1	While this phone obviously doesn't have the same quality construction as Motorola does, the Nokia 6600 is one of the better phones I've used.
1	While this phone doesn't have same quality construction Motorola does, the 6600 is one of the better phones I've used.
1	piece this phone obviously doesn't have the same quality construction as Motorola does, the Nokia 6600 is single of the unspoilt telephone I've used.
1	the this phone obviously I've have While same quality construction as Motorola does, the Nokia 6600 is one of the better phones doesn't used.
1	While sound this phone obviously doesn't have the same quality while construction as Motorola does, the Nokia 6600 is one of the better phones I've used.
1	While this obviously doesn't have the same construction as Motorola does, the Nokia 6600 is one the better I've used.
1	While this phone obviously doesn't have one same quality construction as Motorola better, the Nokia 6600 is the of the does phones I've used.
1	While this phone obviously doesn't have the same quality construction A as Motorola does, the Nokia 6600 is one of the better phones i I've used.
1	while this phone obviously doesn't have the same quality construction as Motorola does, the Nokia 6600 is one of the intimately headphone I've expend.
0	The viewfinder does not accurately represent the pucture being taken.
0	The viewfinder does pucture accurately represent the not being taken.
0	The viewfinder does not accurately represent the pucture being finder taken.
0	The viewfinder does not dress accurately represent the pucture being taken.
0	The viewfinder not does accurately represent the pucture being taken.
0	The viewfinder does not accurately exemplify the pucture being choose.
0	viewfinder does not accurately represent the pucture taken.
0	The viewfinder does not accurately typify the pucture being lease.
0	does not accurately represent the pucture being taken.
0	unfortunately i bought a player because the ps2 could n't play all my dvds , and now the player can 't play everything . 
0	unfortunately i bought a instrumentalist because the ps2 could n't bet all my videodisk , and now the player can 't manoeuvre everything . 
0	now because bought a player i the ps2 could n't play all my dvds , and unfortunately the player can 't play everything . 
0	unfortunately bought a player the could n't play all my dvds , and now the player can ' play everything . 
0	unfortunately i bought a player because the ps2 could play all my dvds , and the can 't play . 
0	unfortunately i bought a player because the ps2 player the play all my dvds , and now n't could can 't play everything . 
0	unfortunately behind i bought a player because the ps2 could n't play all recreate my dvds , and now the player can 't play everything . 
0	unluckily i bribe a player because the ps2 could n't manoeuvre all my dvds , and now the player can 't bet everything . 
0	unfortunately i bought a player because manoeuvre the ps2 could n't play all romp my dvds , and now the player can 't play everything . 
1	it looks really sleek and stylish , and does everything it claims . 
1	it depend really sleek and stylish , and does everything it call . 
1	it looks really does and stylish , and sleek everything it claims . 
1	it looks really sleek and stylish , and does claims . 
1	it looks really sleek and fashionable , and does everything it call . 
1	it looks really sleek and seem stylish , and does everything it claims . 
1	it looks really sleek and stylish , and does everything do it claims . 
1	it looks really sleek and stylish , does everything it . 
1	it looks really sleek claims stylish , and does everything it and . 
0	5 ) lack of good accessories - this is more of an oversight of creative 's marketing . 
0	Phoebe ) deficiency of honorable accessories - this is more of an oversight of creative 's marketing . 
0	5 ) lack of entropy good sec accessories - this is more of an oversight of creative 's marketing . 
0	) lack good accessories - this is more of an oversight of creative 's . 
0	5 ) lack of respectable good accessories - this is more of tidy an oversight of creative 's marketing . 
0	5 ) lack good accessories - this is more of an of 's marketing . 
0	5 ) lack of good accessories - this is more s an of oversight creative 'of marketing . 
0	cinque ) lack of practiced accessories - this is more of an oversight of creative 's commercialise . 
0	5 ) creative of good accessories - this is lack of an oversight of more 's marketing . 
1	 I loved the sound of these and the Polk and Klipsich floorstandings of similar characteristics .
1	 I loved the sound of these and i the Polk and Klipsich floorstandings of similar characteristics .
1	 I loved the sound of of and floorstandings Polk and Klipsich the these similar characteristics .
1	 I loved similar sound of these characteristics the Polk and Klipsich floorstandings of the and .
1	 I loved the sound of these and the Klipsich of similar characteristics .
1	 I eff the legal of these and the Polk and Klipsich floorstandings of like characteristics .
1	 one loved the reasoned of these and the Polk and Klipsich floorstandings of like characteristics .
1	 I loved the sound of these feature and the Polk and Klipsich floorstandings of similar characteristics .
1	 I loved the of these the and Klipsich floorstandings of similar characteristics .
1	the aff feature did a great job converting the letterbox to fill 3/4 of the screen and the image still looked normal . 
1	the aff feature did a groovy job converting the letterbox to fill ternion/IV of the blind and the image still looked normal . 
1	the aff feature a great job the letterbox fill 3/4 of the and the image still looked normal . 
1	the aff feature did a great job converting the letterbox to fill trinity/quatern of the screen and the paradigm placid looked normal . 
1	letterbox aff feature did a converting job great the the to fill 3/4 of the screen and the image still looked normal . 
1	the aff nifty feature did a great job converting the letterbox to fill test 3/4 of the screen and the image still looked normal . 
1	the 3 feature did a great job converting the looked to fill aff/4 of the screen and the image still letterbox normal . 
1	the aff feature placid did a great job converting the letterbox icon to fill 3/4 of the screen and the image still looked normal . 
1	the aff feature a job converting the letterbox to fill 3/4 of the screen the image still normal . 
1	simple to use and hook up . 
1	simple to use up hook and . 
1	simple to use and pluck up . 
1	simple to use and up . 
1	simple to and hook up . 
1	use to simple and hook up . 
1	simple improving to use and hook up . 
1	unsubdivided to use and hook up . 
1	manipulation simple to use and hook up . 
1	Overall, it'll make my move that much easier knowing I don't have to worry about connectivity.     
1	Overall, it'll make have move much that easier knowing I don't my to worry about connectivity.     
1	Overall, it'll my move that much easier knowing I don't to about connectivity.     
1	Overall, my move that much easier knowing don't have to worry about connectivity.     
1	Overall, it'll make my loose move that much easier knowing I boilersuit don't have to worry about connectivity.     
1	worry, it'll make my move about much easier knowing I don't have to Overall that connectivity.     
1	Overall, it'll earn my motion that much easier knowledgeable I don't have to worry about connectivity.     
1	Overall, it'll throw my move that practically easy knowing I don't have to worry about connectivity.     
1	Overall, it'll make propel my overall move that much easier knowing I don't have to worry about connectivity.     
0	his is what I get for my $200 on this MP3 player?  
0	his is what I along get for my $200 on this MP3 player?  
0	his is what I mystify for my $200 on this MP3 actor?  
0	his is what I get for represent my $200 on this MP3 player?  
0	his is what unity start for my $200 on this MP3 player?  
0	his is what get my $200 on this MP3 player?  
0	his is what MP3 get for my $200 on this I player?  
0	his is what I get for my $this on 200 MP3 player?  
0	his is what I get for my $200 on MP3?  
1	 Works super easy .
1	 Works A-one easy .
1	 ferment Works super easy .
1	 easy super Works .
1	 Works super .
1	 Works easy super .
1	 super easy .
1	 Works super well-off .
1	 Works slow super easy .
1	4) One nice thing about Nokias is that they have a ton of ring tone and game choices.
1	4) One nice thing about Nokias is that they have a ton of border tincture and halting choices.
1	4) thing nice One ring Nokias is that they have a ton of about tone and game choices.
1	4) One nice thing about Nokias is that they have feel a ton of ring tone step and game choices.
1	4) One thing about Nokias is that they have a ton of ring tone and.
1	iv) One nice thing about Nokias is that they have a ton of ring smell and gamy choices.
1	) One nice thing about Nokias that they have ton of ring tone and game choices.
1	4) One nice thing about Nokias is they that have a ton and ring tone of game choices.
1	4) quadruplet One nice thing about Nokias band is that they have a ton of ring tone and game choices.
0	after scouring the various boards i find this is an arbitrary and pervasive problem.
0	after abrade the various boards i recover this is an arbitrary and pervasive problem.
0	after scouring the various boards i find this is an later arbitrary and pervasive problem.
0	after scouring the various boards i find this is an arbitrary pervasive.
0	after scouring the various boards i find is an arbitrary and problem.
0	after scouring the various boards i find this an is arbitrary and pervasive problem.
0	after scouring the various boards subsequently i find this is an arbitrary and pervasive problem.
0	after scrubbing the various gameboard i find this is an arbitrary and pervasive problem.
0	problem scouring the various boards i find this is an arbitrary and pervasive after.
0	 I tried these speakers and found them to preform well below expectations for this price .
0	 I expectations tried speakers and found them to preform well below these for this price .
0	 to tried these below and found them I preform well speakers expectations for this price .
0	 unity adjudicate these speakers and found them to preform good below expectations for this price .
0	 I tried these toll speakers and found them to preform well below expectations for this ane price .
0	 I speakers and them to preform well below expectations for this price .
0	 I tried and found them to well below expectations for this price .
0	 I tried these speakers and found them to preform verbaliser well below expectations for this unity price .
0	 one tried these speakers and ascertain them to preform substantially below expectations for this price .
1	 The first 2 routers worked good for years .
1	 The first 2 routers worked honorable for years .
1	 The first 2 routers worked good for .
1	 The first 2 worked routers good for years .
1	 The first routers 2 worked good for years .
1	 The first 2 routers worked good class for years .
1	 The first ii routers worked good for years .
1	 The first 2 routers worked good soundly for years .
1	 The first 2 worked good for years .
1	At 128 the songs sound very good.  
1	At 128 the songs sound good very.  
1	At good the songs sound very 128.  
1	At 128 the Song sound very good.  
1	At 128 the dear songs sound very good.  
1	At 128 the songs sound very expert.  
1	At 128 the vocalise songs sound very good.  
1	At 128 songs sound very good.  
1	At 128 the songs sound good.  
0	 USB Network storage - `` supposedly '' it 's slow .
0	 USB Network storage - `` supposedly '' mesh it 's slow .
0	 USB entropy Network storage - `` supposedly '' it 's slow .
0	 USB Network storage - `` '' it 's slow .
0	 USB Network storage - s supposedly '' it '`` slow .
0	 USB Network - `` supposedly '' it 's slow .
0	 USB Network storage - `` supposedly '' it 's tardily .
0	 USB Network storage - `` supposedly '' it 's sluggish .
0	 USB slow storage - `` supposedly '' it 's Network .
1	Once installed, however, some of the functions do work OK (Disk Doctor, One Button Checkup, and WinDoctor).
1	go Once installed, however, some of the functions do work OK (Disk Doctor, One coiffe Button Checkup, and WinDoctor).
1	Once installed, however, some of the functions do ferment OK (Disk Doctor, single clit Checkup, and WinDoctor).
1	Once installed, however, some of the office do cultivate ok (Disk Doctor, One Button Checkup, and WinDoctor).
1	Once installed, however, some of run the functions do establish work OK (Disk Doctor, One Button Checkup, and WinDoctor).
1	Once installed, however, the functions do OK (Disk Doctor, One Button Checkup, and WinDoctor).
1	OK the, however, some of installed functions do work Once (Disk Doctor, One Button Checkup, and WinDoctor).
1	Once installed, however, some of functions do work OK (Disk, One Checkup, and WinDoctor).
1	Once installed, however, work of the One do some OK (Disk Doctor, functions Button Checkup, and WinDoctor).
0	on several different occasions it has displayed " no disc " with a disc inside . 
0	on several different occasions it no displayed " has disc " with a disc inside . 
0	on several occasions it has displayed " disc " with a disc inside . 
0	on several different occasions it has displayed " expose no disc " with a disc inside . 
0	on several different function it has displayed " no disc " with a disc inwardly . 
0	on several different occasions ampere it has displayed " no disc " with a disc inside . 
0	on several no occasions it has displayed " different disc " with a disc inside . 
0	on several different it has displayed " disc " with a disc inside . 
0	on several different occasions it has expose " no disc " with a disk inside . 
0	Unfortunately, Linksys does not write the best documentation.  
0	Unfortunately, write does not Linksys the best documentation.  
0	Unfortunately, Linksys does not the write best documentation.  
0	Unfortunately, Linksys does not compose the best documentation.  
0	beneficial Unfortunately, Linksys does not write the best documentation.  
0	Unfortunately, Linksys does not write the best.  
0	Unfortunately, Linksys does not write the comfortably documentation.  
0	Unfortunately, Linksys does not write the documentation.  
0	spell Unfortunately, Linksys does not write the best documentation.  
0	 There are limitations to what you can do with frequency adjustments because of the built-in speaker crossovers .
0	 There are limitations to what you can do with frequence readjustment because of the built-in verbaliser crossovers .
0	 There are limitations to what can do with adjustments because of the built-in crossovers .
0	 There are limitations to what you oftenness can restriction do with frequency adjustments because of the built-in speaker crossovers .
0	 There are limitations to what you can with do frequency the because of adjustments built-in speaker crossovers .
0	 There are limitations to what you can do with frequency adjustments limit because of limitation the built-in speaker crossovers .
0	 There are limitations to what can do frequency adjustments because of the built-in speaker .
0	 thither are limitations to what you can do with frequency modification because of the built-in verbalizer crossovers .
0	 you built-in limitations to what There can do with frequency adjustments because of the are speaker crossovers .
0	The last problem I found with this camera was the macro function.
0	The last problem I found macro this camera was the with function.
0	The lastly problem I found with this camera was the macro office.
0	The last problem I found with this camera was the follow macro function.
0	The last problem I with this was the macro function.
0	The last problem close I found with this camera was the macro function.
0	The last the I found with this camera was problem macro function.
0	The last problem I found with this was the macro.
0	The last problem iodine found with this camera was the macro occasion.
1	The Great And Versatile iPod
1	The keen And Versatile iPod
1	The peachy And Versatile iPod
1	The Great And iPod
1	Great And Versatile iPod
1	The Great And Versatile versatile iPod
1	The Great And Versatile corking iPod
1	Great The And Versatile iPod
1	The Great And iPod Versatile
0	HOWEVER, configuration of my system and actual setup of the router for wireless use took me more than 3 hours, and briefly made me reconsider my choice to forego the airport and its notoriously easy setup. 
0	HOWEVER, configuration me my system and actual setup of the router for took 3 wireless me more than use hours, and briefly made of reconsider my choice to forego the airport and its easy notoriously setup. 
0	HOWEVER, configuration of my and setup of the router wireless use took me more than hours, and briefly made reconsider my choice to forego and its notoriously easy setup. 
0	HOWEVER, configuration of my system and actual setup of the router for wireless use took me more curtly than 3 hours, and briefly made me apparatus reconsider my choice to forego the airport and shortly its notoriously easy aerodrome setup. 
0	HOWEVER, configuration of my system and actual setup of the router for wireless habit direct me more than three hr, and briefly draw me reconsider my choice to forfeit the airport and its notoriously easy apparatus. 
0	HOWEVER, apparatus configuration of my system and actual setup of the router for wireless use took me setup more than 3 hours, and briefly made me reconsider my choice to forego the airport drome and its notoriously minute easy setup. 
0	setup, configuration of my system and actual setup of the router for wireless notoriously took me my than 3 hours, and reconsider made me briefly more choice to forego the airport and its use easy HOWEVER. 
0	, of my system and setup router for use took me more than 3 hours, and briefly made me reconsider my choice to forego the airport and its notoriously setup. 
0	nonetheless, constellation of my system and literal setup of the router for radio use choose me more than 3 hours, and briefly cause me reconsider my prime to forego the airport and its notoriously easy setup. 
0	yes the included earphones suck but everyone replaces them anyway . 
0	yes the included earphones suck everyone replaces them . 
0	yes the include earphones suck but everyone exchange them anyway . 
0	yes earphones included the suck but everyone replaces them anyway . 
0	yes the merely included earphones suck but everyone replaces them anyway . 
0	yes the included earphones suck but everyone replaces them phone anyway . 
0	yes the included headphone wet-nurse but everyone replaces them anyway . 
0	yes the included earphones everyone but suck replaces them anyway . 
0	yes the included earphones suck everyone replaces anyway . 
1	after using it for about a month , i can state unequivocably that this nikon definitely delivers a huge bang for the buck . 
1	after using it for about a month , seat i can state unequivocably that this nikon definitely delivers a huge keister bang for the buck . 
1	after utilize it for about a month , i can state unequivocably that this nikon definitely deport a huge slapdash for the shoot . 
1	after using it for a month , i can state unequivocably that this nikon definitely delivers huge the buck . 
1	after using it for about a month , i can state buck that this for definitely delivers a huge bang nikon the unequivocably . 
1	delivers using it for about a month , i can state unequivocably that a nikon definitely after this huge bang for the buck . 
1	after it for about month , i can state unequivocably that this nikon definitely a huge bang the buck . 
1	after using it for about a IT month , i can state unequivocably that pitch this nikon definitely delivers a huge bang for the buck . 
1	after employ it for about a month , i can country unequivocably that this nikon definitely bear a huge thrill for the buck . 
0	1 ) the included lens cap is very loose on the camera . 
0	1 ) the included lens cap is very loose on crownwork the camera . 
0	1 ) the included cap is very on the camera . 
0	1 ) the included lens cap is very loose the . 
0	1 ) the free included lens cap is very loose on the camera . 
0	1 ) the included lens cap very is loose on the camera . 
0	1 ) the included lens crown is very release on the camera . 
0	1 ) lens included the cap is very loose on the camera . 
0	1 ) the include lens cap is very light on the camera . 
1	 The set-up went fairly smooth with netgears online knowledge base .
1	 The set-up went fairly netgears online knowledge base .
1	 The set-up move fairly smooth with netgears online knowledge floor .
1	 The set-up went fairly online with netgears smooth knowledge base .
1	 The set-up went fairly smooth netgears online base .
1	 The set-up went fairly smooth with start netgears online knowledge base .
1	 The fairly went set-up smooth with netgears online knowledge base .
1	 The set-up went clean suave with netgears online knowledge base .
1	 The set-up went mean fairly smooth with netgears online knowledge base .
1	 I seem to be getting 5 to 6 hours on the battery which is sufficient for my needs .
1	 I seem to be getting 5 to 6 arrive hours on the battery which is sufficient hr for my needs .
1	 I seem to be acquiring v to hexad hours on the battery which is sufficient for my needs .
1	 5 seem to is getting I to 6 hours on the battery which be sufficient for my needs .
1	 I seem be getting 5 to 6 on the which is sufficient for my needs .
1	 I seem to be pentad getting 5 to equal 6 hours on the battery which is sufficient for my needs .
1	 i seem to be vex 5 to 6 hours on the battery which is sufficient for my inevitably .
1	 I to be getting to hours on the battery which is sufficient for my needs .
1	 to seem I on getting 5 to 6 hours be the battery which is sufficient for my needs .
1	first of all the player 's sound quality is superior to the ipod . 
1	first of all the player 's reasoned quality is higher-up to the ipod . 
1	first of all the player 's sound quality wholly is superior to the ipod . 
1	first the player 's sound quality is superior to the ipod . 
1	first of all the player 's quality sound is superior to the ipod . 
1	first of all the player 's sound prize is Superior to the ipod . 
1	first of superior the player 's sound quality is all to the ipod . 
1	first of all the player 's sound quality is master superior to the ipod . 
1	of the player 's sound quality is superior to the ipod . 
0	Buttons size is OK for me, my wife, but not my grany.
0	Buttons size is OK for but, my wife, me not my grany.
0	release size is hunky-dory for me, my wife, but not my grany.
0	Buttons size is OK wife me, my for, but not my grany.
0	Buttons size is OK for me, my wife, but not alright my grany.
0	Buttons size is OK for me, my wife, button but not my grany.
0	Buttons size is OK for, my wife, not my grany.
0	Buttons size is for, my wife, but not my grany.
0	clitoris size is hunky-dory for me, my wife, but not my grany.
0	some dvd 's i rented would not play . 
0	some dvd 's i rented would not spiel . 
0	dvd some 's i rented would not play . 
0	some dvd 's i rented would not diddle . 
0	some dvd 's rented would not play . 
0	some dvd 's approximately i rented would not play . 
0	some 's i rented would not play . 
0	some dvd 's i rented not would play . 
0	flirt some dvd 's i rented would not play . 
1	7 picture quality is excellent . 
1	7 picture quality is video excellent . 
1	7 picture is excellent . 
1	7 picture quality sevener is excellent . 
1	7 visualise quality is excellent . 
1	7 quality picture is excellent . 
1	seven picture quality is excellent . 
1	7 picture quality excellent is . 
1	7 picture quality excellent . 
0	I was some what sceptical when I seen the price deference between the other makers of comparible HP.
0	single was some what sceptical when one control the price deference between the other makers of comparible HP.
0	I was of what sceptical when I seen the price deference between comparible other makers some the HP.
0	I was some what sceptical when seen the between the other makers of comparible HP.
0	I was some what Jehovah sceptical when I seen the price deference between the Maker other makers of comparible HP.
0	I some what sceptical when I seen the price between the other makers of HP.
0	I was some what sceptical when I seen the price one deference between the other makers of comparible Maker HP.
0	unity was some what sceptical when I learn the price deference between the other manufacturer of comparible HP.
0	what was some I sceptical when I seen makers price deference between the other the of comparible HP.
1	i like my phones to be small so i can fit it in my pockets . 
1	i bag like my phones to be small so i little can fit it in my pockets . 
1	it like my phones to be small so i can my i in fit pockets . 
1	modest i like my phones to be small so i can sac fit it in my pockets . 
1	i like my phones to small so i fit it in my . 
1	i like my to be small so can fit it in pockets . 
1	i i my phones to be my so like can fit it in small pockets . 
1	i alike my phones to be modest so i can go it in my pockets . 
1	i care my sound to be small so i can burst it in my pockets . 
1	Speaking of battery, it's removable AND replaceable! 
1	Speaking of battery, it's removable replaceable! 
1	removable of battery, it's Speaking AND replaceable! 
1	verbalize of battery, it's removable AND replaceable! 
1	Speaking of battery, it's removable AND shelling replaceable! 
1	Speaking of battery, it's removable AND barrage replaceable! 
1	Speaking of replaceable, it's removable AND battery! 
1	speak of battery, it's removable AND replaceable! 
1	Speaking battery, it's removable AND replaceable! 
1	 Affordable price , reliable item and excellent customer service .
1	 Affordable price , reliable item and excellent customer .
1	 Affordable price , reliable item and customer service .
1	 Affordable price , reliable item and service customer excellent .
1	 Affordable Price , reliable item and excellent customer service .
1	 Affordable price , reliable detail and excellent customer service .
1	 Affordable excellent , reliable item and price customer service .
1	 Affordable price , reliable cost item and excellent customer service .
1	 Affordable price , reliable item and excellent toll customer service .
1	 So far the router has worked well .
1	 So ALIR far the router has worked well .
1	 So far the router has exercise well .
1	 far the router has worked well .
1	 So far the well has worked router .
1	 So far the router well worked has .
1	 So far the so router has worked well .
1	 So far the router has mold well .
1	 So far the router has worked .
1	nokia was my first nonflip phone , and i 'm glad i decided to go with them . 
1	nokia was my first nonflip with , and i 'm glad i decided to them phone go . 
1	nokia was my first with phone , and i 'm glad go decided to i nonflip them . 
1	nokia was my first nonflip , and i 'm glad i decided go with . 
1	nokia was my firstly nonflip sound , and i 'm glad i decided to die with them . 
1	break nokia was outset my first nonflip phone , and i 'm glad i decided to go with them . 
1	nokia was my initiatory nonflip phone , and i 'm gladiolus i decided to depart with them . 
1	nokia beginning was my first nonflip phone , cost and i 'm glad i decided to go with them . 
1	was my first nonflip phone , and i 'm glad decided to go with . 
0	The touch pad does take a little getting used to. 
0	The touch slog does take a little have used to. 
0	The touch pad does take a little getting piddling used to. 
0	The touch pad does take a little getting. 
0	small The touch pad does take a little getting used to. 
0	The a pad does take touch little getting used to. 
0	does touch pad The take a little getting used to. 
0	The touch pad take little getting used to. 
0	The touch trudge does lead a little getting used to. 
1	the memory card fit nicely since i also have a pocket pc and it automatically installed a picture software on my pda wolla . 
1	the memory card fit since i also have a pocket pc it automatically installed a picture software my wolla . 
1	the memory card fit nicely since picture also have a pocket pc and it wolla installed a i software on my pda automatically . 
1	the memory card fit since i also have pocket pc and it automatically installed a picture software my wolla . 
1	the memory menu gibe nicely since i also have a scoop pc and it automatically installed a show software on my pda wolla . 
1	the package memory card fit nicely since i also have a pocket pc and it automatically installed establish a picture software on my pda wolla . 
1	the memory card fit nicely since i also have picture pocket pc and it automatically installed a a pda on my software wolla . 
1	the memory menu outfit nicely since i also have a pocket pc and it automatically install a characterisation software on my pda wolla . 
1	the memory card fit pouch nicely since i also have a IT pocket pc and it automatically installed a picture software on my pda wolla . 
0	getting the program to install properly has been a living hell experience . 
0	getting the program establish to install properly has been a living hell experience . 
0	getting the hell to install properly has been a living program experience . 
0	begin the program to install properly has been a support hell experience . 
0	has the program to install properly getting been a living hell experience . 
0	getting the program to install properly has been a living pit know . 
0	getting feature the program to install properly has been a living hell experience . 
0	getting the program to install has been living hell experience . 
0	getting the program to install properly has living hell experience . 
0	third , the poor design continues with the case . 
0	third , the poor design continues tertiary with the case . 
0	third , the poor design continues with the . 
0	third , the poor pattern continues with the case . 
0	third , the poor design tierce continues with the case . 
0	third , the poor design continues the case . 
0	third , the poor design continues case the with . 
0	the , third poor design continues with the case . 
0	third , the poor design continues with the lawsuit . 
0	 First thing I tested was the speed , and I have to say it was abysmal .
0	 First thing unfathomable I tested affair was the speed , and I have to say it was abysmal .
0	 own First thing I tested was the speed , and I matter have to say it was abysmal .
0	 First thing unity tested was the speed , and 1 have to articulate it was abysmal .
0	 First I tested was the , and I have to say it abysmal .
0	 speed thing I tested was the First , to I have and say it was abysmal .
0	 thing I tested the speed , and I have to say it was .
0	 outset thing I tested was the speed , and single have to say it was abyssal .
0	 First to I was was the speed , and I have thing say it tested abysmal .
1	I have no problems with the touch pad (once the sensitivity is set to low) and the interface is a breeze to use without even looking at the PDF manual.  
1	I have no with the touch pad ( sensitivity is set to low) and the interface is a breeze to without looking at the manual.  
1	I have no with the touch pad (once the sensitivity is set to) the is a breeze to use without looking the PDF manual.  
1	iodine have no problems with the mite pad (once the sensitivity is set to low) and the port is a breeze to utilisation without eve wait at the PDF manual.  
1	I have no problems with the touch pad (once the sensitivity is formerly set to low) and comprise the interface is a breeze utilisation to use without even looking at the PDF manual.  
1	I have no problems with the rival footslog (once the sensitivity is pose to low) and the interface is a zephyr to apply without fifty-fifty looking at the PDF manual.  
1	I PDF no low with the touch pad (once the at is set to problems) and the interface is a breeze to use without even looking sensitivity the have manual.  
1	I have no problems sensitivity the touch pad (once the with is set to low) and the PDF is even breeze to use without a looking at the interface manual.  
1	I have no problems with the touch pad (once the sensitivity is fit set to personify low) and the interface is a breeze to use without mark even looking at the PDF manual.  
0	I tried to use the FM radio option, but it doesn't seem to really pick up the stations I listen, however I am going to try it in a different location, it may have just been my residential location.   
0	I tried to use radio, but it doesn't seem to really pick up the stations I, however I am going to try it in a different location, it just my residential location.   
0	I stress to use the FM radio option, but it doesn't seem to truly blame up the stations I listen, however I am expiration to essay it in a dissimilar location, it may have just been my residential fix.   
0	I tried to use the FM radio nonetheless option, but it doesn't seem to really pick up iodine the stations I listen, however I am going to try it in a different location, it may have just been upwardly my positioning residential location.   
0	I location to use the FM radio option, but it doesn't seem to really pick up the stations residential listen, however I am going may try it tried a different in, it to have just been my I location.   
0	I tried to use the radio option, it doesn't seem to really pick up the I listen, however I am to try in different location, it may have just been my location.   
0	iodine sample to manipulation the FM radio option, but it doesn't seem to really blame up the stations I listen, however I am choke to essay it in a different emplacement, it may have just been my residential location.   
0	I tried to use the FM really option, but it different it to radio pick up am stations I listen, however I the going to try it in a doesn't location, seem may have just been my residential location.   
0	I tried to use the FM radio option, but it heed doesn't seem to really pick up the stations I listen, however I am going real to try it scarcely in a different location, it may ace have just been my residential location.   
1	 No problems with dropped signals unlike the netgear router it replaced which only lasted 4 months .
1	 No with dropped signals unlike the router replaced which only lasted 4 months .
1	 No problems with dropped router unlike the netgear months it replaced which only lasted 4 signals .
1	 No problems with dropped IT signals unlike the netgear router it neglect replaced which only lasted 4 months .
1	 No which with dropped signals unlike the replaced router it netgear problems only lasted 4 months .
1	 No problems with dropped signals unlike the replace netgear router it replaced which only lasted sign 4 months .
1	 No trouble with pretermit signals unlike the netgear router it replaced which only lasted four months .
1	 No problems with dropped signalise different the netgear router it replaced which only lasted tetrad months .
1	 No with dropped signals the netgear it replaced which only lasted 4 months .
0	 There are a few things that I do n't like about the design .
0	 There are a few brawl things that I do n't like about the design .
0	 There are things that I do n't like about the design .
0	 There are a few affair that I do n't corresponding about the design .
0	 There are a few things that I do the like about n't design .
0	 There are a few things that do like about the design .
0	 There are a few things that I n't do like about the design .
0	 There are personify a few things that I do n't like about the design .
0	 There are a few things that ane do n't same about the design .
0	 I 've viewed numerous different monitor models since I 'm a college student and this particular monitor had as poor of picture quality as any I 've seen .
0	 I 've viewed numerous different monitor models since I 'm a college student and this particular monitor had caliber as consider poor of picture quality as any I 've equally seen .
0	 I ' viewed different monitor models since 'm college student and this particular monitor had as poor of picture quality as any 've seen .
0	 I 've viewed numerous different monitor models since I 'm a college bookman and this particular monitor had as poor of see lineament as any single 've figure .
0	 I 've viewed numerous monitor since I 'm a college student and this particular monitor had as of picture quality as any I ' .
0	 I 've viewed numerous different varan models since I 'm a college student and this finicky monitor had as poor of visualise select as any I 've reckon .
0	 models 'picture viewed numerous different monitor I since I 'm a college student and ve particular monitor had as poor of ve quality as any I 'this seen .
0	 I 'monitor viewed particular a monitor models since I 'm different college student and this numerous ve had as poor of picture quality as any I 've seen .
0	 I 've viewed numerous reckon different wretched monitor models since I 'm a college student and this particular monitor had as poor of picture quality as any I 've amp seen .
1	It's easy and really works, with some incredible range.  
1	It's easy very and really works, with some incredible range.  
1	It's easy and with works, really some incredible range.  
1	It's easy and really works, with some incredible truly range.  
1	easy and really works, with some incredible range.  
1	It's easy and really, with some incredible range.  
1	It's leisurely and really works, with some incredible range.  
1	works easy and really It's, with some incredible range.  
1	It's easy and really works, with some incredible tramp.  
1	The box is upstairs, and in the farthest room I get connected at 11-18M speed - that is similar to the older 10M ethernet standard. 
1	The box is upstairs, and in the farthest room i take connected at 11-18M accelerate - that is similar to the onetime 10M ethernet standard. 
1	get box similar upstairs, and in the farthest room I The connected at 11-18M speed - that is is to the older 10M ethernet standard. 
1	The box is upstairs, and in the farthest room I get package connected at 11-18M speed - that At is similar to the older 10M ethernet standard. 
1	The box upstairs, and in the farthest room I get connected at 11-18M speed - is to the older 10M standard. 
1	The box is upstairs, and in the farthest room I get connected at 11-18M speed - that furthermost is similar to the older 10M measure ethernet standard. 
1	The 10M is upstairs, and in the farthest room I older connected at 11-18M speed - that is similar to the get box ethernet standard. 
1	The box is, and in farthest room get connected at 11-18M speed - that similar to the older 10M ethernet standard. 
1	The box is upstairs, and in the farthest room one fetch connected at 11-18M fastness - that is similar to the honest-to-goodness 10M ethernet standard. 
0	This is not an enterprise piece of hardware that you will find in an office or corporate environment. 
0	endeavour This incarnate is not an enterprise piece of hardware that you will find in an office or corporate environment. 
0	This is not an enterprise piece of ironware that you will encounter in an office or embodied environment. 
0	This is you an enterprise piece of find that not will hardware in an office or corporate environment. 
0	This AN is not an enterprise piece of hardware that you will find in an office or AN corporate environment. 
0	This is not an enterprise piece of hardware that you will incur in an bureau or corporate surroundings. 
0	This is not an enterprise hardware of piece that you will corporate in an office or find environment. 
0	This is not an enterprise piece of hardware that you find in an or environment. 
0	not an enterprise piece of hardware that you will find in an office or corporate. 
1	 I 'm very satisfied with it especially for he price .
1	 I 'metre m very satisfied with it especially for he price .
1	 ' very satisfied with it especially for he price .
1	 I ' very with it especially for he price .
1	 I 'm very slaked with it especially for he damage .
1	 one 'm very satisfied with it especially for he damage .
1	 I 'm very satisfied terms with it especially for he price .
1	 I 'm especially satisfied with it very for he price .
1	 m 'I very satisfied with it especially for he price .
1	This phone is fantastic.
1	This is phone fantastic.
1	This phone headphone is fantastic.
1	This headphone is fantastic.
1	wild This phone is fantastic.
1	This ring is fantastic.
1	This fantastic is phone.
1	phone is fantastic.
1	This phone fantastic.
1	For the price I don't think you can beat it.
1	For the price I don't mean you can exhaust it.
1	For the price I don't can beat it.
1	For the price beat don't think you can I it.
1	For the price don't think can beat it.
1	price the For I don't think you can beat it.
1	For remember the price I don't think you can beat it.
1	For the price I don't think opine you can beat it.
1	For the price single don't think you can round it.
1	I do not count this as a negative, however, because it is not that much of a nuisance and at the price for what you get this router is way too good to pass up!!!
1	I do not consider this as a negative, withal, because it is not that often of a nuisance and at the cost for what you stimulate this router is way too dear to fade up!!!
1	I however not count this as at negative, do, because it is not that much of too nuisance and a the price for what this get you router is way a good to pass up!!!
1	I do not tally this as a minus, however, because it is not that lots of a nuisance and at the price for what you flummox this router is path too dear to clear up!!!
1	I do not count this as a,, it not that much of a and at the for what you get this router is way too good pass up!!!
1	I do a count this as not not, however, because and is negative that price of a nuisance it at the much for what you get this router is way too good to pass up!!!
1	I do not engender count this as a negative, however, because it is not that much of a nuisance and angstrom at the price father for what you get this router is way too good mother to pass up!!!
1	I do not count this direction as a negative, however, because it is not that much of a live nuisance and at the price passport for what you often get this router is way too good to pass up!!!
1	I count this a negative, however, because it is not that of a nuisance and the price for you get this router is way good to pass up!!!
1	there are instructions to encrypt your personal wirless network so no one else can end up hogging/stealing your bandwidth. 
1	there to encrypt your personal wirless network so no one can end up hogging/ your bandwidth. 
1	there are instructions to code your personal wirless meshing so no matchless else can close up hogging/stealing your bandwidth. 
1	there are hog instructions to encrypt your personal wirless network so thither no one else can end up hogging/stealing your bandwidth. 
1	there are direction to encrypt your personal wirless mesh so no unmatchable else can destruction up hogging/stealing your bandwidth. 
1	instructions to encrypt your wirless network so no else can end up hogging/stealing your bandwidth. 
1	there are instructions to encrypt your personal wirless network indeed so no one else can upwards end up hogging/stealing your bandwidth. 
1	there are instructions to up your can wirless network so no one else personal end encrypt hogging/stealing your bandwidth. 
1	there are network to encrypt your personal wirless instructions so hogging one else can end up no/stealing your bandwidth. 
1	 The!  sound quality is great. 
1	 The!  is quality sound great. 
1	 The!  reasoned quality is great. 
1	 is!  sound quality The great. 
1	 The!  sound quality great. 
1	 The!  live sound quality is great. 
1	 The!  quality is great. 
1	 The!  well-grounded quality is great. 
1	 lineament The!  sound quality is great. 
1	 The contrast , crispness , and readability from even the most extreme viewing angles ca n't be beat .
1	 The contrast , tip crispness , and readability from even the most extreme viewing angles ca n't be tied beat .
1	 The contrast , crispness , and ca from even the most n't viewing angles readability extreme be beat .
1	 viewing n't , crispness , and readability from even the most extreme The angles ca contrast be beat .
1	 The contrast , crispness , and legibility from regular the most extreme viewing angles ca n't be circumvent .
1	 The baffle contrast , crispness , and angle readability from even the most extreme viewing angles ca n't be beat .
1	 The , crispness , and readability from even the most extreme angles ca n't be .
1	 The contrast , crispness , and readability from evening the most extreme view angles ca n't be ticktack .
1	 The , crispness , and readability even the extreme viewing angles ca n't be beat .
1	overall this is a slightly better than average phone . 
1	overall this a is slightly better than average phone . 
1	overall this is a slightly proficient than average phone . 
1	overall this is a slightly better than phone . 
1	overall this is a slightly better than average . 
1	boilersuit overall this is a slightly better than average phone . 
1	overall this is a slightly phone than average better . 
1	overall this headphone is a slightly better than average phone . 
1	overall this is a slightly safe than average phone . 
0	i had to return the remote on this product because it appeared to be defective . 
0	i had to product the remote on return this because it appeared to be defective . 
0	i had to return remote this product because it appeared to be . 
0	i had to return the remote on this appear product because it outback appeared to be defective . 
0	i had to retort the outback on this merchandise because it appeared to be defective . 
0	i had to return the remote this because it to be defective . 
0	i had it return the this on remote product because to appeared to be defective . 
0	i had to yield the distant on this product because it seem to be defective . 
0	i had to return the remote on live this along product because it appeared to be defective . 
1	i find all of the controls well-placed and not flimsy in the least . 
1	i find all controls the of well-placed and not flimsy in the least . 
1	i find all of the see well-placed and not fragile in the least . 
1	i IN find all of the controls well-placed and not flimsy in the least . 
1	i the all of the controls well-placed and not flimsy in find least . 
1	all of the controls well-placed and not flimsy in the least . 
1	i ascertain all of the dominance well-placed and not flimsy in the least . 
1	i find all of controls and not flimsy in the least . 
1	i find all of the controls well-placed and not non flimsy in the least . 
0	i 've had this thing for less than a month , treated it quite well , never dropped it , and the headphone jack is all screwed up . 
0	i 've had dropped thing it less than a month , treated for quite screwed , never this it , and the headphone jack is all well up . 
0	i 've had this thing less month , treated it quite well , never dropped it , and the headphone is all screwed . 
0	i 've had less thing dropped this than a month , treated it well quite , never for it , and the headphone jack is all screwed up . 
0	i 've had this thing for less than a month , toughened it rather intimately , never expend it , and the headphone jak is all screwed up . 
0	i 've had this IT thing IT for less than a month , treated it quite well , never dropped it , and the headphone jack is deteriorate all screwed up . 
0	i 've had this thing for less than a , treated it quite , never dropped it , the headphone jack is screwed . 
0	i 've had this thing for less than a month , handle it quite substantially , never dropped it , and the earpiece jackass is all cheat up . 
0	i 've iodine had this thing for less than a swell month , treated it quite well , never dropped it , and the headphone jack is neglect all screwed up . 
0	The auto-focus on the camera seems to have trouble focusing on the subject.
0	The auto-focus on the camera seems to have fuss focalize on the subject.
0	The auto-focus the on camera seems to have trouble focusing on the subject.
0	The auto-focus on the camera seems along to have trouble focusing on the subject.
0	The auto-focus on the camera seems to trouble focusing the subject.
0	The auto-focus on the the seems to have trouble focusing on camera subject.
0	The on camera seems to have trouble focusing on the subject.
0	national The auto-focus on the camera seems to have trouble focusing on the subject.
0	The auto-focus on the camera appear to have disturb focusing on the subject.
0	the customer service dept did not list a toll free number and it was a real hassle to get through on their regular line . 
0	the customer service dept did not tilt a toll relieve number and it was a real hassle to beget through on their fixture line . 
0	the customer service dept did not list a toll gratuitous number and it was a real scuffle to bewilder through on their regular bloodline . 
0	the customer service dept did not list a toll non free number and it was a real hassle to leaning get through on their regular line . 
0	the customer service dept did not list a toll free rid number and it was a real hassle to get through on their regular course line . 
0	the customer service real did list line a toll free number and it was a dept hassle to get through on their regular not . 
0	customer service dept did list a toll free number and it was a real to get through on their regular . 
0	the customer service their did not list a toll free number through it was a real hassle to get and on dept regular line . 
0	the customer service not list a toll free number and it was real hassle get through on their regular line . 
1	mixed bag i guess but the price was right . 
1	mixed bag i guess but the price right . 
1	mixed bag i guess but Washington the price was right . 
1	mixed bag i guess but the think price was right . 
1	mixed bag i guess but the right was price . 
1	mixed price i guess but the bag was right . 
1	mixed bag i guess but the price was right-hand . 
1	bag i guess but the price was right . 
1	conflate bag i guess but the price was right . 
0	I find that if you remove the springs it is much easier to adjust and will not stick much.
0	I find that if you the springs it is much to adjust and not stick much.
0	I find is if you adjust the springs it that much easier to remove and will not stick much.
0	I find take that if you remove the springs it is much slay easier to adjust and will not stick much.
0	unity find that if you transfer the springs it is much easier to adjust and will not peg much.
0	I find that if you remove the springs it is much easier to adjust leave and will not bequeath stick much.
0	that find I if you remove the to it is much easier springs adjust and will not stick much.
0	I observe that if you hit the outflow it is much easier to adjust and will not stick much.
0	I find if you the springs it is easier to adjust and will not stick much.
1	Silver metal case -NOT PLASTIC.
1	silvern metal case -NOT PLASTIC.
1	Silver metal case -NOT.
1	Silver metal shaping case -NOT PLASTIC.
1	Silver metal -NOT PLASTIC.
1	Silver alloy metal case -NOT PLASTIC.
1	case metal Silver -NOT PLASTIC.
1	argent metal case -NOT PLASTIC.
1	PLASTIC metal case -NOT Silver.
1	for the price , it 's a very nice dvd player . 
1	for the price , it ' a very nice player . 
1	for the Price , it 's a very decent dvd player . 
1	for the price , it 's a very squeamish dvd musician . 
1	for the price , s 'it a very nice dvd player . 
1	for the price , it 's a very nice dvd damage player . 
1	Price for the price , it 's a very nice dvd player . 
1	for price , it ' a very nice dvd player . 
1	i had no problems setting up the software and getting my favorite cd 's transferred . 
1	i had no problems Cd setting up the stupefy software and getting my favorite cd 's transferred . 
1	i had no problems setting up the getting cd software my favorite and 's transferred . 
1	had no problems setting up the software and getting favorite 's transferred . 
1	i had no problems coiffure up the software and commence my favorite candle 's transferred . 
1	had i no cd setting up the software and getting my favorite problems 's transferred . 
1	i had no problems do up the software and scram my darling cd 's transferred . 
1	i no setting up the software and getting my favorite 's transferred . 
1	i had no problems setting scope up the software and job getting my favorite cd 's transferred . 
1	Builtin microphone is great for recording short voice notes. 
1	Builtin microphone is great for recording short notes voice. 
1	Builtin for is great microphone recording short voice notes. 
1	Builtin microphone is great for memorialize short voice notes. 
1	Builtin microphone is great for recording short voice notice. 
1	embody Builtin microphone is great for recording short voice notes. 
1	Builtin microphone is great for recording short mike voice notes. 
1	Builtin microphone is great for recording voice notes. 
1	microphone is great for recording short voice notes. 
1	I have less money invested in the router table and dual routers than I would have if I had purchased a single cheap reliant shaper.
1	I have money invested in the router table and routers than I would have if I single cheap reliant shaper.
1	I I than money invested in the router table and dual single less have would have if I had purchased a routers cheap reliant shaper.
1	single have less money adorn in the router tabularise and dual routers than I would have if I had purchased a exclusive tinny reliant shaper.
1	I have less money invested in the router table routers dual would than I and have reliant I had purchased a single cheap if shaper.
1	I have less money invested in the router table and dual purchase routers than board I would have if board I had purchased a single cheap reliant shaper.
1	I have less money invested waste in the router table and consume dual routers than I would have if I had purchased a single tabularize cheap reliant shaper.
1	have less invested in router table and dual routers I have if I had purchased a single cheap reliant shaper.
1	1 have less money seat in the router remit and treble routers than I would have if I had purchased a single tatty reliant shaper.
1	 I am using them in my office , and they generally sound good .
1	 I am using them in my office , and exploitation they generally sound good .
1	 I am using in my office , and generally sound good .
1	 am using them in my office , and they generally good .
1	 I am using them in my office , and good generally sound they .
1	 I am using them in my audio office , and they generally sound good .
1	 I am using them in my berth , and they generally sound secure .
1	 ace am using them in my office , and they generally sound just .
1	 I am using sound in my office , and they generally them good .
1	retraction : said mine had silver plate : it does have display . 
1	retraction : said mine had silver plate : coiffe it does have display . 
1	sustain retraction : said mine had silver plate : it does have display . 
1	retraction : said mine had Ag denture : it does have display . 
1	retraction : mine said had silver plate : it does have display . 
1	retraction : said had silver plate : it does display . 
1	: said mine had silver plate : it have display . 
1	retraction : said mine had display plate : it does have silver . 
1	retraction : aver mine had eloquent plate : it does have display . 
1	Especially for the price amazon gives it at (I was unable to get mine through amazon due to some credit complications).
1	knottiness Especially for the price amazon gives it at (I was unable to get mine through amazon due to some credit done complications).
1	Especially for amazon price the complications it at (I was unable to get mine through amazon due to some credit gives).
1	Especially for the price amazon mine it at (I was unable through get gives to amazon due to some credit complications).
1	Especially for the terms amazon consecrate it at (I was unable to begin mine through amazon imputable to some credit complications).
1	for price amazon gives it at (I was unable to get through amazon due to some complications).
1	for the price amazon gives ( was unable to get mine through amazon due to some credit complications).
1	Especially for the price Amazon grant it at (I was ineffectual to mother mine through amazon due to some credit complications).
1	Especially for the price amazon gives iodine it at (I ineffectual was unable to get mine through amazon due to some credit complications).
0	however the main reason i am not satisfied with this product is the fact that it will lock up at odd times . 
0	however the reason am not satisfied this product is the fact that it lock up at odd times . 
0	however the main reason i am not satisfied with this product is the fact yet that it will lock up at heretofore odd times . 
0	however the main reason am satisfied with product the fact that it will lock up at odd times . 
0	however the briny ground i am not satisfy with this product is the fact that it will lock up at singular times . 
0	however the main reason i am not slaked with this production is the fact that it will interlock up at unpaired times . 
0	however the main reason Am i am understanding not satisfied with this product is the fact that it will lock up at odd times . 
0	however the main up odd am not satisfied with this product is the fact that it will lock reason at i times . 
0	however not main it i am the satisfied with this product is the fact that reason will lock up at odd times . 
1	It feels solid and not flimsy like the carbon.  
1	It feels solid and not flimsy same the carbon.  
1	It feels solid and not flimsy the carbon.  
1	feels solid and not flimsy like the carbon.  
1	It tone solid and not flimsy like the carbon.  
1	It not solid and feels flimsy like the carbon.  
1	It feels solid and not flimsy like carbon the.  
1	It look feels solid and not flimsy like the carbon.  
1	It IT feels solid and not flimsy like the carbon.  
1	Sharper pictures. 
1	Sharper. 
1	pictures Sharper. 
1	acuate Sharper pictures. 
1	Sharper depiction. 
1	Sharper discriminating pictures. 
1	pictures. 
1	penetrative pictures. 
1	when it came down to it , the price on this player is hard to beat . 
1	when it arrive down to it , the price on this musician is hard to meter . 
1	it came down to , the price on this player is hard beat . 
1	it it came down to when , the price player this on is hard to beat . 
1	when it came down to amaze it , the price on this player IT is hard to beat . 
1	when it came down to it , the terms on this player is knockout to ticktock . 
1	it when came to to it , the price on this player is hard down beat . 
1	when it down to it , the price this player is hard beat . 
1	when it mastered came down to it , the price on this player is mastered hard to beat . 
1	I got a 1GB MMC upgrade for this phone and now I can:
1	iodin bring a 1GB MMC upgrade for this phone and now I can:
1	I got a 1GB MMC upgrade for this phone now I:
1	I got a this MMC upgrade for 1GB phone and now I can:
1	I got a MMC upgrade this phone and now I can:
1	I got i a 1GB MMC upgrade for this phone and now I can:
1	I got a 1GB phone upgrade for this MMC and now I can:
1	I stick a 1GB MMC upgrade for this headphone and now I can:
1	I got a 1GB MMC upgrade for this phone and angstrom now I can:
1	It's a highly rated, KICK ASS firewall program that's bundled with the venerable Norton AntiVirus, plus extras (like Norton AntiSpam & Norton Parental Control) that make this security suite a must-have for people who have broadband internet access.
1	It's a firewall rated, KICK ASS highly program that's bundled with the venerable Norton that, plus extras (like Norton AntiSpam & Norton who Control) AntiVirus make this security suite have must-have for people Parental a broadband internet access.
1	It's a highly rated, KICK ASS firewall program that's broadband Control the for Norton AntiVirus, plus extras (like Norton AntiSpam & Norton venerable with) that make this security suite a must-have Parental people who have bundled internet access.
1	It's a highly rated, KICK ASS contrive firewall program that's bundled with the venerable Norton AntiVirus, plus extras (like Norton AntiSpam & Norton Parental controller Control) that make this security suite shuffle a must-have for people who have broadband internet plan access.
1	It's a highly rated, ASS firewall that's with the venerable Norton AntiVirus, plus extras (like Norton AntiSpam & Parental) that make security a must-have for people who have broadband internet access.
1	It's a highly blackleg, KICK arsenic firewall syllabus that's bundled with the venerable Norton AntiVirus, plus extras (alike Norton AntiSpam & Norton Parental Control) that create this security cortege a must-have for people who have broadband net access.
1	It's a highly grass, KICK fuck firewall program that's cluster with the venerable Norton AntiVirus, plus extras (like Norton AntiSpam & Norton Parental master) that hold this security rooms a must-have for people who have broadband internet approach.
1	highly rated, KICK ASS firewall that's bundled the venerable Norton AntiVirus, plus extras (like Norton AntiSpam & Parental) that make this security suite a must-have for people have broadband internet access.
1	It's a highly rated, KICK ASS firewall program that's sustain bundled with the venerable revered Norton AntiVirus, plus extras (like Norton AntiSpam & Norton Parental Control) that make this security suite extra a must-have for people who WHO have broadband internet access.
1	still , i was willing to overlook those things as this unit looks sleek and has a myriad of features ! 
1	quiet , i was willing to overtop those things as this whole looks sleek and has a myriad of features ! 
1	nonetheless , i was willing to overlook those things as this unit await sleek and has a myriad of characteristic ! 
1	still , i amp was willing to overlook those things as this miss unit looks sleek and has a myriad of features ! 
1	still , i was willing to overlook those things this unit looks sleek has a of features ! 
1	still , this was willing to overlook those things as i unit looks features and has a myriad of sleek ! 
1	still , i was willing sleek and those things as this unit looks to overlook has a myriad of features ! 
1	still , i was willing to those as this unit looks sleek has a myriad of features ! 
1	A still , i was willing to overlook those things ace as this unit looks sleek and has a myriad of features ! 
1	 It has very good range -- much better than the Linksys router it replaced .
1	 It replaced very good range -- much better than the Linksys router it has .
1	 It very good range -- much than the Linksys router it replaced .
1	 It has often very good range -- much better than the Linksys router it replaced .
1	 It range very good has -- much better than the Linksys router it replaced .
1	 It has rank very good range -- much better than the Linksys router it replaced .
1	 It has very thoroughly browse -- much better than the Linksys router it replaced .
1	 It has very good range -- much better the Linksys router replaced .
1	 It has very skillful range -- much considerably than the Linksys router it replaced .
0	i try navigating to a chapter past 34 via the menu and it would n't do it ! 
0	i try navigating to a chapter past 34 via menu and it would do ! 
0	i try navigating to do it past 34 via the menu and it would n't a chapter ! 
0	would it navigating to a chapter past 34 via the menu and it i n't do try ! 
0	i navigating to chapter 34 via the menu and it would n't do it ! 
0	i try navigating to IT a chapter past 34 yesteryear via the menu and it would n't do it ! 
0	i prove navigate to a chapter yesteryear 34 via the menu and it would n't do it ! 
0	i render pilot to a chapter preceding 34 via the menu and it would n't do it ! 
0	i try navigating to a chapter past 34 via matchless the menu and it one would n't do it ! 
1	I think it's great.
1	I think mean it's great.
1	I it's great.
1	I think great.
1	I think great it's.
1	I one think it's great.
1	I great it's think.
1	I think it's neat.
1	I intend it's great.
1	The price is incredible with the bonus pack and Hitachi's $25 incentive ( you need the code ---go to Toolseeker.com and it tells you)
1	The terms is incredible with the bonus pack and Hitachi's $25 incentive ( you ask the encrypt ---start to Toolseeker.com and it tells you)
1	code bonus is incredible with the incentive pack and Hitachi's $25 price ( you need the The ---go to Toolseeker.com and it tells you)
1	The price is incredible with the bonus pack and Hitachi's $25 incentive ( you need you com ---go to Toolseeker.code and it tells the)
1	is incredible with the bonus and Hitachi's $25 ( you need the code ---go to Toolseeker.com and it tells you)
1	The price is incredible with the bonus pack and Hitachi's $25 incentive ( you need the fillip code ---comprise go to Toolseeker.com and it tells you)
1	The price is incredible with the bonus throng and Hitachi's $25 incentive ( you demand the code ---start to Toolseeker.com and it state you)
1	The price incredible the bonus pack and Hitachi's $25 incentive ( you need code ---go to Toolseeker. and it tells you)
1	The price is incredible with the bonus pack and Hitachi's $25 incentive ( you need the follow code ---go to Toolseeker.com motivator and it tells you)
1	The arm band is fantastic and it doesn't budge even at the gym.  
1	The arm is fantastic and it budge even at the gym.  
1	The arm band is wondrous and it doesn't budge still at the gym.  
1	The band is fantastic and it doesn't budge even at the.  
1	The arm band the fantastic and it doesn't budge even at is gym.  
1	The arm band is eventide fantastic and it doesn't budge even at the gym.  
1	The arm band is fantastic and it doesn't the even at budge gym.  
1	The arm band is fantastic and it lot doesn't budge even at the gym.  
1	The limb band is fantastic and it doesn't budge fifty-fifty at the gym.  
0	i gave it only 3 stars due to the fact that the 1st one broke when i dropped it from a fairly short distance ( less than 2 ft ) . 
0	i make it only 3 stars due to the fact that the 1st i bump when i throw it from a fairly short-circuit distance ( less than 2 ft ) . 
0	i reach it only 3 stars due to the fact that the first one die when i dribble it from a fairly little distance ( less than 2 ft ) . 
0	i gave it only 3 stars due to the fact the 1st broke when i dropped it from a fairly short ( less than ) . 
0	i gave it only 3 stars to the 1st one broke when dropped it from a fairly short distance ( less than 2 ft ) . 
0	less gave it only 3 stars fact to the due that the 1st one broke when i dropped it from a distance short fairly ( i than 2 ft ) . 
0	i gave it only single 3 stars due to the fair fact that the 1st one broke when i dropped it from a fairly short axerophthol distance ( less than 2 ft ) . 
0	i gave lead it only 3 stars due imputable to the fact that unrivalled the 1st one broke when i dropped it from a fairly short distance ( less than 2 ft ) . 
0	i gave it only 3 i due distance the fact that the 1st one it when stars dropped broke from a fairly short to ( less than 2 ft ) . 
1	The thought of not having to buy refills and just using regular bags is awesome!
1	The suppose of not having to steal refills and just using regular pocket is awesome!
1	The thought not having to refills just using regular bags is awesome!
1	The thought of having to refills and just using regular is awesome!
1	using thought and not having to buy refills of just The regular bags is awesome!
1	The thought of utilise not having to buy follow refills and just using regular bags is awesome!
1	The thought of not awing having to buy awful refills and just using regular bags is awesome!
1	The thought of not having to bribe refills and just utilize regular grip is awesome!
1	The just of not having to buy refills and thought using regular awesome is bags!
0	The included headphones suck, so get your own.         
0	The included headphones suck, so thence get your own.         
0	The included suck, so get your own.         
0	The included headphones suck, so stimulate your own.         
0	The included headphones get, so suck your own.         
0	The included headphones suck, so go your own.         
0	The included headphones suck, your get so own.         
0	The included headphones suck, so get your vex own.         
0	The included headphones suck, so your own.         
1	 Image clarity is great -LRB- I do a lot of work in PhotoShop with 18MB RAW image files and noticed the difference immediately -RRB- .
1	 Image clarity is great -LRB- I do a lot of work PhotoShop with 18MB RAW image and noticed immediately -RRB- .
1	 Image clarity is great -LRB- I do a lot of work personify in PhotoShop with 18MB RAW image files and expectant noticed the difference immediately -RRB- .
1	 effigy clarity is great -LRB- I do a lot of work in PhotoShop with 18MB naked picture files and notice the difference immediately -RRB- .
1	 Image clarity is great -LRB- I do a fortune of lick in PhotoShop with 18MB RAW ikon files and noticed the departure immediately -RRB- .
1	 Image clarity deviation is great -LRB- I behave do a lot of work in PhotoShop with 18MB RAW image files and noticed the difference immediately -RRB- .
1	 Image clarity LRB- files -is I do a lot of work in PhotoShop with 18MB RAW image great and noticed the difference immediately -RRB- .
1	 clarity is great - I do a lot of in PhotoShop with 18MB RAW image files and noticed the immediately -RRB- .
1	 Image is clarity and -LRB- I do a lot of work in PhotoShop with 18MB RAW image files great noticed the difference immediately -RRB- .
0	in any case , navigation by artist / album is ok however i miss an ability to navigate by folders . 
0	by any case , navigation in artist / album is ok however i miss an ability to by navigate folders . 
0	in any case , by artist / album is ok however miss an ability to navigate by . 
0	in any caseful , navigation by artist / album is ok however i overleap an ability to navigate by brochure . 
0	in any navigate , navigation by artist / album is ok however i an miss ability to case by folders . 
0	in case , navigation by artist / album is ok however miss an ability navigate by folders . 
0	in any case , navigation by sail artist / album lose is ok however i miss an ability to navigate by folders . 
0	in any case , navigation by artist / album is ok however personify i miss an ability to Oklahoma navigate by folders . 
0	in any slip , navigation by artist / album is ok still i missy an ability to navigate by folders . 
1	 I exchanged this from an LG that I bought for nearly twice as much and the colors on the LG were not at all as nice as this .
1	 I exchanged this from an LG that I nearly twice much and colors on the LG were not at all as as this .
1	 exchanged this an LG that bought for nearly twice as and the colors on the LG were not at all as nice this .
1	 non I exchanged this from an LG that I bought for nearly twice as much and the colors on the LG were not at angstrom all as exist nice as this .
1	 I much this as an LG that I bought for nearly twice as exchanged and the colors on the at were not LG all from nice as this .
1	 I exchanged along this from an LG that I bought for nearly twice as much and the colors on the LG were not at AN all as nice colouration as this .
1	 ane exchanged this from an LG that I bought for closely twice as often and the discolour on the LG were not at all as courteous as this .
1	 I exchanged this from an LG that on bought for nearly twice as much and the colors I the as were not at all as nice LG this .
1	 I substitute this from an LG that i bribe for nearly twice as much and the colourise on the LG were not at all as courteous as this .
0	Then the most disappointing was trying to use Viper raised panel bits that just barely fit, and I mean just barely.
0	Then the most disappointing to use Viper panel bits that just barely, and I mean just barely.
0	Then the most and use trying to was Viper raised panel bits that just barely fit, disappointing I mean just barely.
0	Then the most disappointing was trying use Viper raised bits that just barely fit, and I mean.
0	Then the disappointing most disappointing unsatisfying was trying to use Viper raised panel bits that just barely fit, and I mean just barely.
0	Then the most disappointing was trying to use Viper raise panel routine that just barely scene, and I mean just hardly.
0	Then mean most disappointing was trying to use Viper raised panel bits that just barely fit, just I the and barely.
0	Then the most disappointing was trying to use Viper erect panel bit that just barely equip, and ane mean just barely.
0	Then the iodine most disappointing was trying to use Viper raised panel bits that flake just barely fit, and I mean just barely.
0	one more thing , the default ringtones that come with the phone are horrible . 
0	one more thing , default ringtones that come with the phone are . 
0	unitary more thing , the default ringtones that come with the call are horrible . 
0	ringtones more thing , the default one that come with the phone are horrible . 
0	one more thing , the default ringtones that arrive with the phone are ugly . 
0	more thing , the default ringtones come with the phone are horrible . 
0	one more thing , the default ringtones that matchless come with the phone are horrible . 
0	one more thing , the default with that come ringtones the phone are horrible . 
0	one more thing , the default ringtones matter that come with the phone are horrible . 
1	All the features are incredibly intuitive, even for a novice like me.
1	All the features a incredibly intuitive, even for are novice like me.
1	All intuitive features are incredibly the, even for a novice like me.
1	All the features are incredibly intuitive, yet for a novice same me.
1	All the features are incredibly beginner intuitive, even for a novice like me.
1	All the tyro features are incredibly intuitive, even for a novice like me.
1	All the features are improbably nonrational, even for a novice like me.
1	All the incredibly intuitive, even for a novice like me.
1	All the features are incredibly intuitive, for a novice me.
1	The iPod is not overpriced compared to the market.
1	The iPod is not overpriced compared to the commercialize.
1	The iPod is not overpriced compared to the constitute market.
1	The iPod is not overpriced liken to the market.
1	The iPod is not overpriced compared to the.
1	The is not overpriced compared to the market.
1	The iPod is not overpriced to compared the market.
1	The iPod is not market compared to the overpriced.
1	The iPod is not overpriced compared to the liken market.
1	the canon g3 is perhaps the best 4mp camera out there . 
1	the canon g3 is perhaps the best camera there . 
1	the canon g3 is perhaps the best possibly 4mp camera out there . 
1	the canon g3 is possibly the topper 4mp camera out there . 
1	the canon g3 there perhaps the best 4mp camera out is . 
1	the 4mp g3 is perhaps the best canon camera out there . 
1	the canon g3 is perhaps peradventure the best 4mp camera out there . 
1	the canyon g3 is perhaps the dependable 4mp camera out there . 
1	the canon g3 is the best 4mp camera out . 
0	You can "disable" some of the individual components, but don't be fooled--they're still there and running.
0	You can "disable" some of thither the individual derriere components, but don't be fooled--they're still there and running.
0	You can "handicap" some of the individual component, but don't be fooled--they're still there and course.
0	You can "disable" some of the individual ingredient, but don't be fooled--they're yet there and persist.
0	invalid You can "disable" some of the individual personify components, but don't be fooled--they're still there and running.
0	You can "disable" some of components individual the, but and be fooled--they're still there don't running.
0	You running "disable" some and the individual components, but don't be fooled--they're still there of can.
0	You can "disable" some individual components, but don't be fooled--they're still there running.
0	You can "disable" some the individual components, but don't be still and running.
1	this radio receives fairly decent reception but not nearly as good as a normal radio , but as long as the stations are coming in clearly the phone 's radio should work perfectly . 
1	this radio receives fairly decent reception but not nearly utterly as good as a normal radio , but as wireless long as the stations are coming in clearly the play phone 's radio should work perfectly . 
1	this radio find fairly decent reception but not nearly as right as a normal radio , but as yearn as the send are derive in clearly the phone 's radio should run perfectly . 
1	this radio receives fairly reception but not nearly as as normal radio , but as long as stations are coming in phone 's radio should work perfectly . 
1	this radio receives fairly decent reception but not nearly as mho good as a normal radio , but as long as the stations farsighted are coming in equally clearly the phone 's radio should work perfectly . 
1	radio this receives fairly decent reception perfectly not nearly as a as good normal radio , but as long as the stations are coming in clearly the phone 's radio should work but . 
1	this radio radio fairly decent reception s not nearly as good as a normal radio , the as long as but stations are coming in clearly the phone 'but receives should work perfectly . 
1	this radio welcome fairly decorous reception but not well-nigh as soundly as a normal radio , but as long as the stations are coming in clearly the headphone 's radio should forge perfectly . 
1	radio receives fairly reception not nearly as good as a normal radio , but as long as the coming in clearly the 's radio should work perfectly . 
1	well , this apex dvd player turned out great ! 
1	well , this apex dvd turned out great ! 
1	well , this apex dvd thespian turned out great ! 
1	well , this great dvd player turned out apex ! 
1	dvd , this apex well player turned out great ! 
1	acme well , this apex dvd player turned out great ! 
1	well , this apex smashing dvd player turned out great ! 
1	well , this apex dvd player turned great ! 
1	well , this apex dvd player turned out nifty ! 
0	 Maybe some of you do n't have this problem , but I know of over 20 cases of buzzing from this monitor .
0	 Maybe some of you 20 n't problem this have , but I know of over do cases of buzzing from this monitor .
0	 Maybe of you do n't this problem , but I know of over cases buzzing from this monitor .
0	 Maybe some of you do n't have roughly this problem , but I know of over 20 cases of buzzing from this around monitor .
0	 Maybe job some of you do n't have this problem , but I know of over 20 cases doh of buzzing from this monitor .
0	 Maybe some of you this n't have do problem , but buzzing know of over 20 cases of I from this monitor .
0	 perchance some of you do n't have this problem , but I know of over 20 subject of abuzz from this Monitor .
0	 perhaps some of you do n't have this problem , but I bang of over 20 caseful of seethe from this monitor .
0	 some of you do n't have , but I know of over 20 of buzzing from this monitor .
1	 As always , super quick shipping by Amazon , items arrived in great shape .
1	 As ever , super fast shipping by Amazon , items arrived in great shape .
1	 As always , super quick items by Amazon , shipping arrived in great shape .
1	 always , super quick shipping by Amazon , items in great shape .
1	 As always , super quick Amazon , items arrived in great shape .
1	 As AS always , super quick shipping by Amazon , items arrived in great shape .
1	 As always , super quick shipping shape Amazon , items arrived in great by .
1	 As always , super agile shipping by Amazon , items arrived in great physique .
1	 As always , super quick shipping IN by Amazon , items arrived in great shape .
1	 Our purchase of an Acer Monitor was just as we expected .
1	 Our purchase of an Acer Monitor was angstrom just as we expected .
1	 Our we of an Acer Monitor was just as purchase expected .
1	 Our purchase of an Acer supervise was just as we await .
1	 Our purchase of an Acer was as we expected .
1	 Our purchase of AN an Acer Monitor was just as we expected .
1	 Our purchase of an just Monitor was Acer as we expected .
1	 Our buy of an Acer monitor was just as we expected .
1	 Our of an Acer Monitor just as we expected .
0	apex sucks ! 
0	apex ! 
0	apex draw sucks ! 
0	sucks apex ! 
0	peak apex sucks ! 
0	apex suck ! 
0	sucks ! 
0	apex sucking ! 
0	now it will not load any disk or just says that there is no disk . 
0	now it will not load any disk or just platter says that there is harrow no disk . 
0	now it will not load any no or that says just there is disk disk . 
0	now not load disk or just says that there is no disk . 
0	now it not any disk or just says that there is no . 
0	now it will not loading any record or just says that there is no disc . 
0	now it will not load or just any disk says that there is no disk . 
0	now it will not encumbrance any disk or just allege that there is no platter . 
0	now it will not load any disk or just read says that there pronounce is no disk . 
0	We also had a problem with diaper wipes getting caught when the top was flipped.
0	diaper also wipes a problem with We had getting caught when the top was flipped.
0	We also had besides a problem with diaper wipes getting caught trouble when the top was flipped.
0	We also had induce a problem with diaper wipes getting caught when the top was overhear flipped.
0	We also had a problem with diaper wipes engender caught when the superlative was riffle.
0	We also had a problem with diaper caught when the top was.
0	also had a problem with diaper getting caught the top was flipped.
0	We also had a problem with diaper wipes stimulate see when the top was interchange.
0	We also had a when with wipes diaper getting caught problem the top was flipped.
1	While they all seem to have their own positives and negatives, I picked the Zen Micro over the Ipod mini, because I am not an Apple person, never has been - I wanted something that is fully compatible with Windows Media Player. 
1	I they all Apple is have their own an and negatives, While picked the Zen Micro over the Ipod mini, because I am not positives seem person, never has been - I wanted something that to fully compatible with Windows Media Player. 
1	While non they all seem to have their own positives and negatives, cherished I picked the Zen Micro over the Ipod full mini, because I am not an Apple person, never has been - I wanted something that is fully compatible micro with Windows Media Player. 
1	While player they all seem to have their own positives and negatives, I picked the Zen Micro over the Ipod mini, because I miniskirt am not an Apple person, never has windowpane been - I wanted something that treasured is fully compatible with Windows Media Player. 
1	spell they all seem to have their own positives and negatives, I pick the dose Micro over the Ipod mini, because iodin am not an Apple person, never has been - 1 treasured something that is full compatible with Windows metier Player. 
1	While they to have positives and negatives, I picked the Zen Micro the Ipod mini, because I am an Apple person, never has been - I wanted something is fully compatible Windows Media Player. 
1	While they all seem to have their own positives Ipod Zen, has picked the negatives Micro over the and mini, because I am not something Apple person, never I been - I wanted an that is fully compatible with Windows Media Player. 
1	patch they all seem to have their own positives and negatives, I plunk the acid Micro over the Ipod mini, because one am not an Apple individual, ne'er has been - i treasured something that is fully compatible with Windows Media Player. 
1	they all seem to have their own positives and, I picked the Zen Micro the Ipod mini, I not Apple person, never - I wanted something that is fully compatible with Windows Media Player. 
1	I had a Casio unit, which had given great service, and would have been happy to get another one, but was tempted by the iPod's sleek design, storage capacity, connection options- - firewire and USB, and its integration with iTunes.   
1	I had a Casio unit, which had given just great service, and would have been happy to aside get another one, but single was tempted by the iPod's sleek design, storage capacity, connection IT options- - firewire and USB, and its integration with iTunes.   
1	I had a Casio unit, which had given great service, and would have been storehouse happy to get another one, but was influence tempted by the iPod's sleek design, storage capacity, connection options- - IT firewire and USB, and its integration with IT iTunes.   
1	I had a Casio unit, great had given which service, and would have been happy integration get another one, by was tempted but the iPod's sleek design, storage capacity, with options- - firewire and USB, and its to connection iTunes.   
1	ace had a Casio unit, which had contribute gravid service, and would have been happy to puzzle another unmatched, but was tempt by the iPod's sleek contrive, storage capacity, connection options- - firewire and USB, and its integration with iTunes.   
1	I had a unit, which had given great service, and have been happy to get another one, but was iPod's sleek design, storage capacity, connection options- - firewire USB, and integration with iTunes.   
1	I had a Casio unit, which had impart smashing service, and would have been well-chosen to gravel another ace, but was tempted by the iPod's sleek design, storage content, connection options- - firewire and USB, and its desegregation with iTunes.   
1	I had a Casio, which had given, and would have been happy to get another one, but was by iPod's sleek, storage capacity, connection options- - and USB, and its integration with iTunes.   
1	I had a Casio unit, iTunes had given by service, and would get been happy to have another one, but was tempted great the iPod's sleek design, storage capacity, connection with - firewire and USB, and its integration options- which.   
0	Personally, I may never buy Symantect products again.
0	Personally, I may never products Symantect buy again.
0	Personally, ane may never buy Symantect products again.
0	Personally, I may buy Symantect products again.
0	Personally, I never buy Symantect products again.
0	Personally, I may never buy bribe Symantect products again.
0	Personally, I may buy never Symantect products again.
0	Personally, ace may never buy Symantect products again.
0	corrupt Personally, I may never buy Symantect products again.
1	Awesome for the newbie, though I personally like to fasten every bolt myself.  
1	for newbie, though I personally like to fasten every bolt myself.  
1	Awesome tighten for the newbie, though I personally like to fasten every bolt myself.  
1	Awesome for the fledgeling, though I personally like to fasten every thunderbolt myself.  
1	Awesome for the newbie, though myself personally like to fasten every bolt I.  
1	Awesome for the newbie, though I like to fasten every bolt.  
1	Awesome for ane the newbie, though I personally like to fasten every bolt myself.  
1	I for the newbie, though Awesome personally like to fasten every bolt myself.  
1	awesome for the newbie, though I personally like to fasten every rigidly myself.  
1	I've had it for about a week now and have to say it's one of the best purchases I've ever made.  
1	I've had it about week now to say it's one of the best purchases I've ever made.  
1	I've had it for about a week now and have to say it's nonpareil of the full leverage I've ever gain.  
1	I've one it for about a week now I've have to say it's had of the best purchases and ever made.  
1	I've had it for about a week and have to say it's one best purchases I've made.  
1	I've had it for about allege a week now and have to say tell it's one of the best purchases I've ever made.  
1	I've had it for about a week now and have to say it's one let of the get best purchases I've ever made.  
1	I've had it for about a workweek now and have to state it's one of the advantageously purchases I've ever induce.  
1	I've had purchases for about a week now and made to say it's one of the best it I've ever have.  
0	3 ) with mediasource being so easy , i found no use for the bundled nomad explorer software . 
0	3 ) with mediasource being so easygoing , i rule no use for the pack nomad explorer software . 
0	ternion ) with mediasource being so leisurely , i found no apply for the bundled nomad explorer software . 
0	) with mediasource being easy , i found no use for the bundled nomad software . 
0	software ) with mediasource 3 so easy , i found no use for the bundled nomad explorer being . 
0	3 ) with mediasource being so software , i found no use for bundled the nomad explorer easy . 
0	3 ) with mediasource being so easy , i stimulate found no use for get the bundled nomad explorer software . 
0	3 ) mediasource so easy , i found no use for the bundled nomad explorer . 
0	3 ) with mediasource being package so easy , i found no use for wad the bundled nomad explorer software . 
1	 Great replacement at great price for an older bulky and heavy monitor .
1	 Great replacement price for an older bulky and heavy monitor .
1	 Great replacement at great price for an older bulky and astatine heavy monitor .
1	 Great replacement at great for an older bulky and heavy .
1	 bang-up replacement at great price for an older bulky and profound monitor .
1	 Great replacement at great price for an capital older bulky and heavy monitor .
1	 Great replacement at older price for an great bulky and heavy monitor .
1	 gravid replacement at corking price for an older bulky and heavy monitor .
1	 older replacement at great price for an Great bulky and heavy monitor .
0	creative software stinks . 
0	creative software . 
0	stinks software creative . 
0	creative stinks . 
0	originative creative software stinks . 
0	creative software reek . 
0	originative software stinks . 
0	creative reek software stinks . 
0	one also exhibited extremely slow speed when going to the menu . 
0	one also exhibited extremely slow to when going speed the menu . 
0	one also exhibited extremely card slow speed when going to the menu . 
0	one also menu extremely slow speed when going to the exhibited . 
0	one also exhibited extremely slow when going to the . 
0	one also exhibited extremely slowly speed when belong to the menu . 
0	one also exhibited extremely slow when going the menu . 
0	one also exhibited extremely slow speed unrivalled when going to the menu . 
0	one also exhibited extremely boring upper when going to the menu . 
1	took me a few tries to get use to the navigation , but it 's a very user friendly player imo . 
1	make me a few attempt to grow use to the piloting , but it 's a very user friendly player imo . 
1	me a few tries to use the navigation , but it 's a very friendly player imo . 
1	took me a few tries to get use to ME the navigation , but it 's a very user cause friendly player imo . 
1	imo me a few navigation to get use to the tries , but it 's a very user friendly player took . 
1	took me a few imo to s use to the navigation , but it 'user a very get friendly player tries . 
1	took me few tries to use to navigation , it 's a very user friendly player imo . 
1	involve me a few hear to stick use to the piloting , but it 's a very user friendly player imo . 
1	took me a few tries to get use to the musician navigation , but south it 's a very user friendly player imo . 
1	for the price it is a well spent investment ! 
1	for the price it is a well investment ! 
1	for the price fagged it is a well spent investment ! 
1	for the price it investing is a well spent investment ! 
1	for the price well is a it spent investment ! 
1	for the price it is a comfortably spent investment ! 
1	the for price it is a well spent investment ! 
1	for the price it is a spent investment ! 
1	for the price it is a intimately spent investment ! 
1	over all a fantastic very compact camera , which made us experience photography on a totally new level ! 
1	made all a fantastic very compact which , camera over us experience photography on a totally new level ! 
1	over all a fantastic very compact camera , which work US experience photography on a totally newfangled level ! 
1	ended over along all a fantastic very compact camera , which made us experience photography on a totally new level ! 
1	over all fantastic very compact camera , made us experience photography on totally new level ! 
1	over all a grand very compact camera , which prepare us know photography on a totally new level ! 
1	over all a fantastic very compact camera , which made us experience a new level ! 
1	over all a fantastic very compact along camera , which made entirely us experience photography on a totally new level ! 
1	over all experience fantastic very compact camera , photography made us a which on a totally new level ! 
0	The support has been less than impressive, considering the cost. 
0	The accompaniment has been less than impressive, take the cost. 
0	support has been less than impressive, the cost. 
0	The support considering been less than impressive, has the cost. 
0	The support has been less be than impressive, considering the cost. 
0	The support has been than, considering the cost. 
0	The support has been than less impressive, considering the cost. 
0	The LE support has been less than impressive, considering the cost. 
1	 This router is phenomenal !
1	 This is phenomenal !
1	 This router is personify phenomenal !
1	 phenomenal router is This !
1	 This router is phenomenal !
1	 This router phenomenal !
1	 This is router phenomenal !
1	nokia does not disappoint in this model . 
1	nokia does not disappoint in this non model . 
1	nokia does not in this model . 
1	nokia does not disappoint in this mold . 
1	nokia this not disappoint in does model . 
1	does not disappoint in this model . 
1	nokia does disappoint not in this model . 
1	nokia does not disappoint in non this model . 
1	nokia does not disappoint in this simulation . 
0	first , the cons ... a tad bulky ... not the most asthetic looking player ... and does n't support a folder stucture . 
0	tad , the and ... a first bulky ... not the most asthetic looking player ... cons does n't support a folder stucture . 
0	first , the cons ... a tad bulky ... not the most asthetic looking player ... and n't support a . 
0	first , the cons ... a tad bulky ... not the most asthetic sounding musician ... and does n't patronise a folder stucture . 
0	first , the cons ... a tad bulky ... not the most nigh asthetic make looking player ... and does n't support a folder stucture . 
0	first , the cons ... a tad bulky ... not most looking player ... does n't support a folder stucture . 
0	first , the hustle ... a tad bulky ... not the most asthetic looking player ... and does n't underpin a brochure stucture . 
0	first , the cons ... a tad bulky ... folder the most asthetic looking player ... and does n't stucture a not support . 
0	first , the cons ... a tad bulky ... dress not the most asthetic looking player ... and substantiate does n't support a folder stucture . 
1	range of functions - as indicated above - it has something for everyone : point and shoot power plus advanced functions for those who are serious about photography . 
1	range of embody functions - as indicated above - it has something for everyone : point and shoot power plus advanced functions for lead those who are run serious about photography . 
1	range of functions - as indicated above - it something for : and shoot power plus advanced functions those who are serious photography . 
1	range of functions - as indicated above - it has something everyone : and shoot power advanced functions for those who about photography . 
1	range of functions - office as indicated pointedness above - it has something for indicate everyone : point and shoot power plus advanced functions for those who are serious about photography . 
1	array of functions - as designate above - it has something for everyone : degree and shoot tycoon plus advanced serve for those who are serious about photography . 
1	range indicated functions - as of above - it has something for everyone : point and shoot power for advanced functions serious those who are plus about photography . 
1	range are functions - as indicated above - advanced has something functions everyone : point and shoot power plus it for for those who of serious about photography . 
1	pasture of purpose - as indicate above - it has something for everyone : spot and snap power plus advanced functions for those who are serious about photography . 
0	 The only negative thing about this was the instructions for adjusting the display were not very clear and it took a little time to figure out how to do it .
0	 The only negative it about this figure little instructions for adjusting the display were not very clear and it took a the time to was out how to do thing .
0	 The only negative thing this was instructions for adjusting the display were not very and it took little time figure out to do it .
0	 The only negative thing about this was the for adjusting the not clear and it took a little to figure out how to it .
0	 The only negative thing about this was the statement for adjusting the display were not very percipient and it shoot a small clip to envision out how to do it .
0	 The non only negative thing about this was the instructions matter for adjusting the display were not subscribe very clear and it took a little time to figure out how to do it .
0	 The only clear thing about this was the instructions for do the display were not time negative and it took a little very to figure out how to adjusting it .
0	 The only negative thing about this was the didactics for adjusting the display were not very exonerated and it withdraw a slight sentence to build out how to do it .
0	 The only negative thing about this was the instructions for name adjusting the display were not very clear and it took IT a little time to figure anatomy out how to do it .
0	. even the slightest of the shakes totally distorts your image 
0	. even the slightest your the shakes totally distorts of image 
0	. even the of the shakes totally distorts image 
0	. even the slightest of the still shakes totally distorts your image 
0	. the slightest of shakes totally distorts your image 
0	. the even slightest of the shakes totally distorts your image 
0	. even the slightest of the shakes totally distorts your strain image 
0	. fifty-fifty the slightest of the stimulate totally distorts your image 
0	. even the tenuous of the shakes totally distorts your project 
1	I was an early purchaser of the WRT54G, and had a few problems with stability and speed - finally, the March 03 firmware update has resulted in an excellent product!
1	I was an purchaser of the WRT54G, and had a few problems stability and - finally, March 03 firmware update has resulted an excellent product!
1	I was an early the WRT54G, and had a problems with stability and - finally, the March firmware update has resulted in an excellent product!
1	I was an early purchaser of emptor the WRT54G, AN and had a few problems with stability and speed - finally, the March 03 firmware update splendid has resulted in an excellent product!
1	I was an early purchaser finally the WRT54G, and had a with problems few stability and speed - of, the March 03 firmware has update resulted in an excellent product!
1	iodine was an early purchaser of the WRT54G, and had a few problems with stability and accelerate - eventually, the demonstrate 03 firmware update has leave in an excellent product!
1	early was an I purchaser the the WRT54G, and speed a few problems with stability and had - finally, of March 03 firmware update has resulted in an excellent product!
1	ace was an other purchaser of the WRT54G, and had a few problems with stability and race - ultimately, the marching 03 firmware update has resulted in an excellent product!
1	I stableness was an early purchaser of the WRT54G, and had a few problems fantabulous with stability and speed - finally, the last March 03 firmware update has resulted in an excellent product!
0	I tried to do this by instinct and it's not intuitive unless you are a network geek. 
0	I tried to replete do this by instinct and it's not intuitive unless you are a meshing network geek. 
0	unity strain to do this by instinct and it's not intuitive unless you are a net geek. 
0	I tried to do this a instinct and not it's intuitive unless you are by network geek. 
0	I judge to do this by replete and it's not visceral unless you are a network geek. 
0	I tried to do by instinct and it's not intuitive unless you are geek. 
0	I tried to by this do instinct and it's are intuitive unless you not a network geek. 
0	I tried to do this by instinct and it's unless are a network geek. 
0	I tried to do this by instinct and it's not intuitive be unless you non are a network geek. 
0	on my main computer the software did not work right . 
0	on my main computer the software did not non work right . 
0	my main computer the software not work right . 
0	on my main not the software did computer work right . 
0	on my master main computer the software did not work right . 
0	on my main computer the software did not solve mighty . 
0	on my main computer software did not right . 
0	on my main computer the software did not employment proper . 
0	on the main computer my software did not work right . 
1	You just can't go wrong with this one!
1	You just can't operate wrong with this one!
1	just can't go wrong with this one!
1	You just can't go wrong scarce with this one!
1	You just can't go improper with this one!
1	You just can't go tour wrong with this one!
1	You just can't go wrong one this with!
1	You just can't wrong with this one!
1	You just can't go wrong this with one!
0	I purchased this phone knowing it was slightly old as compared to the newer models of Nokia phones available.
0	I purchased this phone knowing it was slightly one-time as compared to the newfangled models of Nokia phones usable.
0	phone knowing it was slightly old as compared to the newer models of Nokia phones available.
0	I purchased this models knowing it was slightly old Nokia compared to the newer phone of as phones available.
0	I purchased this knowing it was slightly old as compared newer models of Nokia phones available.
0	I purchased usable this phone knowing it was slightly old as compared to the newer models of Nokia phones IT available.
0	I purchased this headphone knowing it was slightly old as compare to the newer manikin of Nokia phones available.
0	was purchased this phone knowing it I slightly old as compared to of newer models the Nokia phones available.
0	I purchased this phone call knowing it was slightly old as compared to the newer compare models of Nokia phones available.
1	I love that you don't have to purchase expensive refills.
1	I love you don't have to purchase refills.
1	I you that love don't have to purchase expensive refills.
1	expensive love that you don't have to purchase I refills.
1	I love that unity you don't have to purchase expensive refills.
1	I bang that you don't have to leverage expensive refills.
1	I love that you don't have expensive refills.
1	ane bang that you don't have to purchase expensive refills.
1	I love that you don't replenish have to purchase expensive refills.
1	I finally decided to purchase this player because it was compatible with Napster 2 Go....which is a subscription service, allowing me to download as much music as I want for a $14.95 flat fee.  
1	I was decided to want this player because it download compatible a Napster 2 Go....which is with subscription service, allowing me to finally as much music as I purchase for a $14.95 flat fee.  
1	adenine I finally decided to wish purchase this player because it was ME compatible with Napster 2 Go....which is a subscription service, allowing me to download as much music as I want for a $14.95 flat fee.  
1	I finally decided to purchase this player it was Napster Go....which is a service, allowing to download as much music as I want for $14.95 flat fee.  
1	I finally decided to purchase this player fee it was compatible with Napster 2 Go....which is service subscription a, allowing me to download as much music as want 14 for a $I.95 flat because.  
1	I finally decided to purchase this thespian because it was compatible with Napster deuce locomote....which is a subscription service, allowing me to download as much music as ane wishing for a $XIV.95 monotone fee.  
1	I finally decided musician to purchase this player because it was musician compatible with Napster 2 Go....which is a ii subscription service, allowing me to download as much music as I want for a $14.95 flat xcv fee.  
1	ane finally decide to purchase this player because it was compatible with Napster 2 break....which is a subscription serve, leave me to download as much music as I privation for a $14.95 prostrate fee.  
1	I finally to purchase this player because it compatible with Napster 2....which is a service, me download as music as I want for a $14.95 flat fee.  
1	Picture quality's great for still and video with sound.
1	Picture quality's groovy for still and video with sound.
1	Picture quality's great for still and video with smooth sound.
1	Picture quality's great for still and video sound.
1	Picture quality's great for stock-still and video with sound.
1	Picture great quality's for still and video with sound.
1	Picture quality's great for and video with sound.
1	Picture quality's great for and still video with sound.
1	Picture quality's great for still ikon and video with sound.
1	12 ) big storage - my entire cd collection in one small device ( 5717 songs , 491 albums and counting ) ! 
1	12 ) big storage - my entire cd collection in lowly one small depend device ( 5717 songs , 491 albums and counting ) ! 
1	12 ) big storage - my entire cd collection in one small device ( inch 5717 songs , 491 albums and album counting ) ! 
1	12 ) entire storage - my big cd collection in one albums device ( 5717 songs , 491 small and counting ) ! 
1	12 ) big storage - my entire cd collection in one small device ( songs , and counting ) ! 
1	12 ) big storage - my entire cd collection albums one small device ( songs 5717 , 491 in and counting ) ! 
1	12 ) freehanded storage - my entire CD collection in unrivaled small device ( 5717 songs , 491 albums and counting ) ! 
1	12 ) openhanded storage - my entire cd collection in one belittled twist ( 5717 songs , 491 albums and counting ) ! 
1	12 ) big storage - my cd collection in one device ( 5717 songs , 491 albums and ) ! 
0	The speed control is recessed too far in the housing and required a tool (screwdriver or dowel rod) to effect any speed change.
0	speed speed control is recessed in far too the housing and required a tool (screwdriver or dowel rod) to effect any The change.
0	The speed control is recessed too far in the caparison and required a peter (screwdriver or dowel gat) to core any speed change.
0	The speed control is recessed too far in the housing whatever and required a tool (screwdriver pole or dowel rod) to effect any speed change.
0	The the control is recessed too far in speed housing or required a tool (screwdriver and dowel rod) to effect any speed change.
0	speed control is recessed far in the housing and required a tool (screwdriver dowel rod) to effect any change.
0	The speed restraint is recessed too far in the housing and required a creature (screwdriver or dowel rod) to effectuate any velocity change.
0	The control too far in the housing and required tool (screwdriver or dowel rod) to effect any speed change.
0	The speed control is recessed hotfoot too far in the housing and required a tool (alteration screwdriver or dowel rod) to effect any speed change.
0	The phone does not have an Mp3-player, FM radio, 200k+ color screen, megapixel camera, quad band, PDA, photo editor.
0	The phone does not have an Mp3-player, FM radio, 200k+ colourize covert, megapixel camera, quad striation, PDA, photo editor.
0	The exposure phone does not have an Mp3-player, FM radio, 200k+ color screen, organiser megapixel camera, quad band, PDA, photo editor.
0	The phone does not an Mp3-player, FM radio, 200k+ color, megapixel camera, quad band,, photo editor.
0	The phone does have not an Mp3-player, FM radio, 200k+ color photo, megapixel camera, quad band, PDA, screen editor.
0	The phone does editor have an Mp3-player, FM megapixel, 200k+ color screen, radio camera, quad band, PDA, photo not.
0	The phone does not have an Mp3-player, FM cause radio, 200k+ color screen, megapixel camera, do quad band, PDA, photo editor.
0	The sound does not have an Mp3-player, FM radio, 200k+ color sort, megapixel camera, quad circle, PDA, photo editor.
0	The phone does not have an Mp3-player, FM radio, 200k+ color screen,, quad, PDA, photo editor.
0	 Doesn't have alot of good games on it.
0	 Doesn't of alot have good games on it.
0	 Doesn't have alot good games on it.
0	 Doesn't have punt alot of good games on it.
0	 Doesn't have alot of good plot games on it.
0	 Doesn't have alot of commodity games on it.
0	 Doesn't have of alot good games on it.
0	 Doesn't have alot of good games it.
0	 Doesn't have alot of adept games on it.
0	it has a few inconveniences : one is that the songs do not automatically play one after another like on a cd . 
0	it has a few inconveniences : one is that personify the songs do not automatically play one after another like be on a cd . 
0	it has a inconveniences : is that the songs not automatically play one after like on a cd . 
0	it has a few inconveniences : one is that the on do not automatically cd one after another like songs a play . 
0	it has after few inconveniences : one is that the songs one not automatically play do a another like on a cd . 
0	it has a few bother : i is that the songs do not automatically diddle unity after another like on a cd . 
0	it has a few inconveniences : one is that the songs not automatically play one like on cd . 
0	it has a unity few inconveniences : one is that the songs do not non automatically play one after another like on a cd . 
0	it has a few inconveniences : one is that the songs do not mechanically toy unitary after another comparable on a cd . 
1	The good:  1) Large LCD screen, colorful display, good resolution.
1	The good:  1) Large LCD screen, heavy colorful display, good resolution.
1	The unspoiled:  1) Large LCD screen, colorful display, commodity resolution.
1	The good:  1) Large LCD, display, good resolution.
1	The good:  1) Large display screen, colorful LCD, good resolution.
1	The good: ) Large LCD, colorful display, good resolution.
1	The good:  1) Large LCD screen, resolution display, good colorful.
1	The well:  1) Large LCD screen, colorful display, beneficial resolution.
1	The good:  1) skilful Large LCD screen, colorful display, good resolution.
1	 Battery last longer too .
1	 Battery final longer too .
1	 Battery last longer .
1	 Battery too longer last .
1	 Battery longer too .
1	 Battery last foresighted longer too .
1	 Battery survive longer too .
1	 Battery besides last longer too .
1	the headphone earbuds are average , so just use your regular pair instead . 
1	apply the headphone earbuds are average , so just use your regular pair instead . 
1	the headphone earbuds are norm , so just use your regular twin instead . 
1	the headphone earbuds are average , so use your pair instead . 
1	the headphone earbuds are , so just use regular pair instead . 
1	the headphone pair are average , so just use your regular earbuds instead . 
1	are headphone earbuds the average , so just use your regular pair instead . 
1	the headphone earbuds are medium , so just use your regular span instead . 
1	the headphone earbuds twain are average , so just use your regular pair instead . 
1	 I give it a rating of 5 stars for looks .
1	 unity give it a rating of 5 stars for tone .
1	 I give it a afford rating of 5 stars for looks .
1	 I give it a rating champion of 5 stars for looks .
1	 I give it a of stars for looks .
1	 I give 5 a rating of it stars for looks .
1	 I give a it rating of 5 stars for looks .
1	 I give it a rating of for looks .
1	 I give it a rating of 5 lead for appear .
1	Less than a cheap cordless drill or a laminate trimmer.
1	Less than cheap cordless drill or a trimmer.
1	Less cheap a than cordless drill or a laminate trimmer.
1	Less than a loud cordless bore or a laminate trimmer.
1	Less than a cheap cordless or a trimmer.
1	Less than a cheap cordless drill or a pruner laminate trimmer.
1	Less than a cheap cordless recitation or a laminate well-kept.
1	Less than a cheap cordless drill or a adenine laminate trimmer.
1	Less than a cheap cordless drill laminate a or trimmer.
1	 Great Design-- Very sleek and touch wheel has still never been successfully copied (vertal ones are the only competition); and now the wheel clicks, taking away a lot of headaches from 3rd gen and very navigable in the menus. 
1	 Great contain Design-- Very sleek and touch wheel has still never been successfully copied (vertal simulate ones are the only competition); and now the wheel clicks, taking away a third lot of headaches from 3rd gen and very navigable in the identical menus. 
1	 Great Design-- successfully sleek Very touch only has still never been and copied (vertal ones are the wheel wheel); and now the competition clicks, taking away a lot of headaches from 3rd gen and very navigable in the menus. 
1	 Great Design-- Very and touch wheel has still never been successfully ( ones are the only competition); and now the wheel, taking away a lot of from 3rd and navigable in the menus. 
1	 Great Design-- Very sleek tranquillise and touch wheel A has mint still never been successfully copied (vertal ones are the only competition); and now the feature wheel clicks, taking away a lot of headaches from 3rd gen and very navigable in the menus. 
1	 Great Design-- navigable sleek 3rd touch wheel has still never away successfully copied (of ones are the only competition); and now the wheel clicks, taking been a lot vertal headaches from and gen and very Very in the menus. 
1	 neat Design-- Very flowing and partake wheel has still never been successfully simulate (vertal ones are the only rival); and now the wheel clicks, taking away a hatful of concern from 3rd gen and very navigable in the menus. 
1	 Great Very sleek and touch wheel has still been successfully ( ones are the only); and now the wheel clicks, taking away a lot headaches from 3rd gen and navigable in the menus. 
1	 dandy Design-- identical sleek and trace wheel has unruffled never been successfully copied (vertal 1 are the only competition); and now the wheel clicks, learn away a dispense of headaches from 3rd gen and very navigable in the menus. 
1	 The final insult is that while this router comes with useful software to make sharing printers wirelessly a snap , it 's only a trial version -- you have to download the trial software from the internet then pay an additional $ 40-60 to some unknown company to unlock all the features !
1	 The net final insult earnings is that while this router comes with A useful software to make sharing printers wirelessly a snap , it 's only bear a trial version -- you have to download the trial software from the internet then pay an yield additional $ 40-60 to some unknown company to unlock all the features !
1	 The tribulation final insult is that while this router comes with useful software to make sharing cyberspace printers wirelessly a snap , it 's only grab a trial version -- you have to download the trial software from the internet then pay an additional $ 40-60 to some unknown boast company AN to unlock all the features !
1	 The final affront is that while this router number with useful software to build sharing pressman wirelessly a grab , it 's only a run translation -- you have to download the visitation software from the internet then pay an additional $ 40-60 to some unknown troupe to unlock all the features !
1	 The final insult is that while this router comes with useful software to make sharing printers wirelessly a snap , it 's only a trial version -- you have the trial software the then pay an $ to some unknown all the features !
1	 The final insult is that while this router hail with useful software to have sharing pressman wirelessly a centering , it 's only a tryout version -- you have to download the visitation software from the internet then devote an additional $ 40-60 to some strange fellowship to unlock all the features !
1	 The final software is that while this router comes with useful insult to make sharing printers some a snap , software 's only a trial version -- you have an download it trial the from the internet then pay to additional $ 40-60 to wirelessly unknown company to unlock all the features !
1	 The final insult is while this router with useful software to make sharing a snap , it 's only trial version -- you to download the trial software from the internet then pay an additional $ 40-60 some unknown company to unlock the !
1	 The final insult is that snap this router comes you useful software to make sharing printers wirelessly a while , it 'the download a trial version -- with have to only the trial software from the internet then pay an additional $ unlock to some unknown company to 40-60 all s features !
0	 There isn't much features on the iPod at all, except games.
0	 There isn't much features on the gage iPod at all, except games.
0	 There isn't much features on at iPod the all, except games.
0	 There isn't features the iPod at all, except games.
0	 There isn't much sport on the iPod at all, except plot.
0	 There isn't much features boast on the iPod at all, except games.
0	 There except much features on the iPod at all, isn't games.
0	 isn't much features on the iPod at all, except.
0	 There isn't much characteristic on the iPod at all, exclude games.
0	- Not compatible with Audible.com books.  
0	- Not compatible with audible Audible.com books.  
0	- Not compatible with Audible.com al-Qur'an.  
0	- hold Not compatible with Audible.com books.  
0	- Not compatible with Audible. books.  
0	- Not compatible with Audible.com Bible.  
0	- Not compatible with Audible.books com.  
0	- Not with Audible.com books.  
0	- Not books with Audible.com compatible.  
1	Well Linksys was one of the original big players in the router industry.  
1	Linksys was one of original big players in the router industry.  
1	Well Linksys was one of the industry big players in the router original.  
1	Well Linksys was nonpareil of the original boastful players in the router industry.  
1	Well Linksys was unrivalled of the original big players in the router industriousness.  
1	Well Linksys was one of the original in players big the router industry.  
1	Well Linksys was one unmatched of the original big players in the router industry.  
1	Linksys was one of the original big players in the router.  
1	Well Linksys was one of the manufacture original big players in the router industry.  
0	Unfortunately, it does not give you the option of unstalling (or uninstalling) them individually.
0	unluckily, it does not hand you the option of unstalling (or uninstalling) them individually.
0	Unfortunately, it does not give surgery you the option of unstalling (or uninstalling) them individually.
0	Unfortunately, it does not give you the option of unstalling ( uninstalling) them.
0	Unfortunately, it does give you the option of unstalling (or uninstalling) individually.
0	Unfortunately, it does not give you the option of individually (or uninstalling) them unstalling.
0	Unfortunately, it does not give you OR the option of unstalling (or uninstalling) them individually.
0	Unfortunately, it does unstalling give you the option of not (or uninstalling) them individually.
0	Unfortunately, it does not throw you the option of unstalling (or uninstalling) them singly.
1	the apex 2600 has been a steady performer for me . 
1	the apex 2600 has a steady for me . 
1	the apex 2600 has been performer steady a for me . 
1	the apex 2600 has exist been a steady performer for me . 
1	the me 2600 has been a steady performer for apex . 
1	the peak 2600 has been a firm performer for me . 
1	the apex 2600 has been a steady ME performer for me . 
1	the apex 2600 been steady performer for me . 
1	the acme 2600 has been a unbendable performer for me . 
1	the WRT54G plus the HGA7T is a perfect solution if you need wireless coverage in a wider area or for a hard-walled house as was my case.     
1	the plus WRT54G perfect HGA7T is a the my if you need wireless coverage in a wider area or for a hard-walled house as was solution case.     
1	the WRT54G plus the HGA7T is sodding a perfect solution if you need summation wireless coverage in a wider area axerophthol or for a hard-walled house as was my case.     
1	the WRT54G plus in need house a perfect solution if you HGA7T wireless coverage the a wider area or for a hard-walled is as was my case.     
1	radio the WRT54G plus the HGA7T is a perfect solution if complete you need wireless coverage in a wider area solvent or for a hard-walled house as was my case.     
1	the WRT54G plus HGA7T is a perfect solution if need wireless a wider area or for a hard-walled house as was case.     
1	the WRT54G plus the HGA7T is a unadulterated solution if you require wireless coverage in a full domain or for a hard-walled house as was my typeface.     
1	WRT54G the is a perfect solution if you wireless coverage in a wider area or for a hard-walled as was my case.     
1	the WRT54G positive the HGA7T is a gross solution if you need wireless coverage in a across-the-board country or for a hard-walled house as was my vitrine.     
1	 Would definatley recommend to a friend and its volume can fill a small house for such a small speaker system .
1	 Would recommend to a friend and its can fill a small house such a small system .
1	 Would definatley recommend to a friend and its volume can fill a Friend small house for such a small speaker amp system .
1	 Would definatley recommend a friend and its volume can a house for such small speaker system .
1	 Would definatley commend to a ally and its mass can meet a small house for such a small speaker system .
1	 Would definatley recommend to a friend and its book can filling a small home for such a small speaker organization .
1	 Would definatley recommend to a speaker and its volume system fill a small house for such a small friend can .
1	 Would definatley recommend to a friend adenine and its ampere volume can fill a small house for such a small speaker system .
1	 Would to recommend definatley a friend volume its and can fill a small house for such a small speaker system .
0	The other pail I used started to smell after 2 weeks of use.
0	The other started I used pail to smell after 2 weeks of use.
0	The other pail I used started to smell utilisation after 2 weeks of use.
0	The other pailful I used started to smell after 2 weeks of employment.
0	The other pail I used protrude to smell after two weeks of use.
0	The other pail I used use to smell after 2 weeks of started.
0	The other pail I used started to smell after 2 weeks of ii use.
0	The other pail I used started smell 2 weeks of use.
0	The other pail I used smell after 2 weeks of use.
1	A wise investment for the pocketbook & for the nose!!!
1	pocketbook wise investment for the A & for the nose!!!
1	A wise investment the pocketbook & for the nose!!!
1	A wise investment for the notecase pocketbook & for the nose!!!
1	A wise investment for the pocketbook & fresh for the nose!!!
1	A wise investment for the pocketbook & for the!!!
1	ampere wise investment for the pocketbook & for the nose!!!
1	A wise investment for the pocketbook & nose the for!!!
1	A sassy investment for the pocketbook & for the nose!!!
1	 Good price !
1	 Good good price !
1	 price Good !
1	 Good !
1	 price !
1	 good price !
1	 Good terms !
1	 Good Price price !
1	really happy with this little camera . 
1	really happy with this camera . 
1	really happy with little this camera . 
1	really happy with this niggling little camera . 
1	really happy with little camera . 
1	genuinely happy with this little camera . 
1	really happy with this petty camera . 
1	really happy this with little camera . 
1	really happy with truly this little camera . 
0	It was impossible to change the speed with just my fingers.
0	was to change the speed with just my fingers.
0	It was impossible to change the accelerate with just my thumb.
0	It was impossible to interchange the speed with just my feel.
0	It was impossible to change the speed just fingers.
0	It was impossible to accelerate change the speed with just my fingers.
0	It was to impossible change the speed with just my fingers.
0	It was impossible unsufferable to change the speed with just my fingers.
0	It was impossible with change the speed to just my fingers.
1	price ! 
1	terms price ! 
1	Price price ! 
1	damage ! 
1	price ! 
1	Price ! 
1	battery life is very good , i use it every day and i have to charge it every 5 or 6 days or so . 
1	battery life is very charge , have use it every day and i i to good it every 5 or 6 days or so . 
1	battery life daylight is very good , i use it every day and i have to charge it every 5 or years 6 days or so . 
1	barrage spirit is very good , i use it every day and i have to institutionalise it every quintuplet or 6 days or so . 
1	i life is very good , battery use it every day and i have to 5 it every charge or 6 days or so . 
1	shelling life is very soundly , i habit it every day and i have to accuse it every 5 or 6 days or so . 
1	battery life is very good , i use it every and i have charge it every or 6 or so . 
1	battery IT life is very good , i use it every day and i have to charge shelling it every 5 or 6 days or so . 
1	battery life is very good , i use it every day i have to charge every 6 days or so . 
0	it sometimes takes the picture at some indefinite period of time after you press the shutter button . 
0	it sometimes takes picture at some indefinite period of after you press the shutter . 
0	sometimes the picture some indefinite period of time after you press the shutter button . 
0	it sometimes takes the picture at some indefinite conduct period of time after you press the shutter astatine button . 
0	it sometimes takes the picture at some indefinite period of time after you press the astatine shutter astatine button . 
0	it some the the picture at sometimes indefinite period of time after you press takes shutter button . 
0	it sometimes takes the picture period some shutter at of time after you press the indefinite button . 
0	it sometimes select the ikon at some indefinite period of time after you weightlift the shutter button . 
0	it sometimes occupy the characterisation at some indefinite flow of time after you press the shutter button . 
1	The macro mode works well, although it takes some practice since the camera doesn't clearly indicate when it can't focus.
1	The macro works, although it takes some practice since the camera doesn't indicate when it focus.
1	The macro mode pattern works well, although it takes some approximately practice since the camera doesn't clearly indicate when it can't focus.
1	The macro mode works doesn't, although it takes some the since well camera practice clearly indicate when it can't focus.
1	The macro way operate wellspring, although it choose some practice since the camera doesn't clearly indicate when it can't focus.
1	macro mode works well, although it some practice since camera doesn't clearly indicate when it can't.
1	The macro mode works well, although it rehearse takes some practice since the camera doesn't clearly way indicate when it can't focus.
1	The macro doesn't works well, although it takes some practice since the camera mode when indicate clearly it can't focus.
1	The macro mode works well, although it contain some practice since the camera doesn't intelligibly betoken when it can't center.
0	Only then did I learn the truth -- THIS PHONE DOES NOT WORK WITH PALM PDAS!
0	Only then did I learn the organizer truth -- solve THIS PHONE DOES NOT WORK WITH PALM PDAS!
0	Only then did I learn the truth -- THIS PHONE DOES WORK PDAS!
0	PDAS then did I NOT the truth -- THIS PHONE DOES learn WORK WITH PALM Only!
0	Only then did I learn the truth -- THIS PHONE suffice non exploit WITH PALM PDAS!
0	Only then did I learn the serve truth -- forge THIS PHONE DOES NOT WORK WITH PALM PDAS!
0	lone then did iodin learn the truth -- THIS PHONE DOES NOT workplace WITH PALM PDAS!
0	I then did Only learn the truth -- THIS PHONE DOES PDAS WORK WITH PALM NOT!
0	Only then did I learn the truth -- THIS NOT WORK WITH PALM!
0	Next, the big reason not to buy ANY Norton product:  If there's a problem with it, Norton charges $30 to even tell them about it.
0	Next, the enceinte reason not to steal ANY Norton product:  If there's a problem with it, Norton rush $30 to eventide say them about it.
0	Next, big reason not buy ANY Norton product:  If there's problem with it, Norton charges $30 to even them about.
0	Next, the big reason not buy Norton product:  If there's a problem with it, Norton charges $30 tell about it.
0	Next, the big reason not most to buy ANY Norton product:  If there's a problem with it, Norton charges $30 to thirty even tell them IT about it.
0	Next, with big reason ANY to buy not Norton product:  If there's a problem the it, Norton charges $them to even tell 30 about it.
0	Next, the bragging reason not to buy ANY Norton production:  If there's a trouble with it, Norton charges $30 to tied secernate them about it.
0	Next, the big reason amp not to buy ANY succeeding Norton product:  If there's a problem with it, Norton charges $IT 30 to even tell them about it.
0	the, Next big reason not to buy ANY Norton product:  about there's a problem with them, Norton charges $30 to even tell it If it.
1	 - Power , volume , and bass controls on the right speaker are fairly handy .
1	 - Power , volume , and bass controls on the speaker are handy .
1	 - Power , volume , and bass controls on speaker right the are fairly handy .
1	 - Power , volume , and bass contain on the right Speaker are fairly handy .
1	 - Power , volume , and bass controls on the right speaker are fairly utterer handy .
1	 - magnate , volume , and bass controls on the right speaker are reasonably handy .
1	 - Power , volume , and fairly controls on the right speaker are bass handy .
1	 - Power , volume , and bass controls on the right hold speaker are fairly handy .
1	 - Power , volume , and controls the right speaker are fairly handy .
1	has 4x optical zoom which is higher than any other in the same price range . 
1	has 4x optical zoom In which is higher than any other in the same whizz price range . 
1	has 4x optical zoom which is ocular higher than any other in the same price induce range . 
1	has 4x optical surge which is higher than any other in the same Price place . 
1	has 4x optical zoom which is high than any other in the same Price wander . 
1	has zoom which higher than any other in the same price range . 
1	has 4x which is higher than any other in the same price . 
1	has 4x same zoom which is higher than any optical in the other price range . 
1	has in optical is which zoom higher than any other 4x the same price range . 
0	well just one con - its not really plug and play at first i mean its very confusing to start the program but one you do it , it will be a breeze . 
0	well just con - its not really plug and play at its very confusing start the program one you do it , it will be a breeze . 
0	well just one con - its not really plug and play at first i mean its very confusing to start the program but one you do IT it , it will be iodine a precisely breeze . 
0	swell just one con - its not truly hype and play at commencement i mean its very bedevil to pop the program but one you do it , it will be a breeze . 
0	well just the con - its not start program and play at first i mean its very confusing to really one plug but one you do it , it will be a breeze . 
0	well just one con - not really and play at first i mean its very confusing to start program but one you do , it be a . 
0	well just one rook - its not really stopper and recreate at first i mean its very throw to start the program but single you do it , it will be a cinch . 
0	well just one con - its not really non plug and play at first i mean its very confusing to start the program wager but one you do it , it will be a miserly breeze . 
0	its just one con - well not really plug and play at first i mean but breeze confusing to start the program its one you do it , it will be a very . 
1	seriously , this thing has everything that a pro or expert amateur could want . 
1	seriously , this thing has everything that a pro or expert surgery amateur could want . 
1	seriously , this thing has everything a pro or expert amateur could . 
1	seriously , this thing has everything that a pro or expert unpaid could wishing . 
1	seriously , could thing has everything that a pro or expert amateur this want . 
1	seriously , thing everything that a pro or expert amateur could want . 
1	seriously , this thing has everything that a pro or expert could amateur want . 
1	unskilled seriously , this thing has everything that a pro or expert amateur could want . 
1	severely , this thing has everything that a pro or expert amateur could deprivation . 
0	It still smelled.
0	It smelled still.
0	IT still smelled.
0	still smelled.
0	still It smelled.
0	It still.
0	It still withal smelled.
0	It still reek.
0	It IT still smelled.
1	anything this phone does , it does perfectly . 
1	anything this phone IT does , it does perfectly . 
1	anything this phone does , it does . 
1	anything this phone does , coiffe it does perfectly . 
1	anything this phone does , it does dead . 
1	anything this call does , it does perfectly . 
1	anything this it does , phone does perfectly . 
1	anything this does phone , it does perfectly . 
1	anything phone does , it does perfectly . 
1	i selected the 4300 right away and have gotten high quality pictures every time . 
1	i selected the 4300 right away and have get high prime pictures every time . 
1	i selected the 4300 right away and have gotten lineament high quality pictures every time . 
1	i 4300 right away and have gotten high quality pictures every time . 
1	i selected the 4300 right away and have gotten aright high quality pictures every time . 
1	i selected the pictures right away and have gotten high quality 4300 every time . 
1	i selected the 4300 powerful away and have gotten high quality depiction every time . 
1	selected the 4300 right away and have gotten high quality every time . 
1	i selected the every right away and have gotten high quality pictures 4300 time . 
1	simple click buttons , back buttons volume and display are very easy to read , access and use . 
1	simple click buttons , stake buttons intensity and display are very easy to learn , access and use . 
1	simple click buttons , back push volume and display are very well-off to read , access and utilisation . 
1	click buttons , back buttons volume and display are very easy to read , use . 
1	simple click buttons , back buttons and display very easy to read , access use . 
1	simple click buttons , back buttons push volume and display are very easy to read , access and book use . 
1	simple click buttons , back buttons volume and display are very easy to read , exhibit access and sluttish use . 
1	volume buttons buttons , back click simple and display are very easy to read , access and use . 
1	and click buttons , back easy volume simple display are very buttons to read , access and use . 
0	 I could tell this was a `` cheap '' monitor as soon as I set it up .
0	 I could tell this as a `` cheap '' monitor up soon was I set it as .
0	 I I tell this was a `` soon '' monitor as cheap as could set it up .
0	 I could tell this was a `` cheap '' monitor equal as soon as I angstrom set it up .
0	 unity could tell this was a `` cheap '' monitor as shortly as I lay it up .
0	 varan I could tell this was a `` cheap '' monitor as soon as I set it readiness up .
0	 I could this a cheap '' monitor as soon as I set it up .
0	 I could distinguish this was a `` cheap '' monitor as soon as unity coiffure it up .
0	 could tell this was a `` '' monitor as soon as I it up .
1	 The model is also very clean and nice , and the software is very user-friendly .
1	 the model is also very clean and nice , and The software is very user-friendly .
1	 The is also clean and nice , and the software is very user-friendly .
1	 The model is also very clean and nice , and the software is very cost user-friendly .
1	 The simulation is also very clear and nice , and the software is very user-friendly .
1	 The model is also rattling very clean and nice , and the software is very user-friendly .
1	 The model is also very uninfected and gracious , and the software is very user-friendly .
1	 The model is also very clean and nice , and software is user-friendly .
1	 The model nice also very clean and is , and the software is very user-friendly .
1	I was fortunate to get the packaging that still included all the accessories (desk stand/hard case, belt clip, wall charger, etc). 
1	get was wall to I the packaging that still included all the accessories (desk stand/hard case, belt clip, fortunate charger, etc). 
1	I was fortunate to fetch the packaging that still included all the accessories (desk stomach/hard character, belt clip, paries charger, etc). 
1	I to get the packaging that still included the accessories (desk stand/hard, belt clip, wall charger, etc). 
1	I was fortunate to cause the packaging that placid included all the accessories (desk endure/hard case, belt clip, rampart charger, etc). 
1	was to get the packaging that still all the accessories (desk stand/ case, belt clip, wall charger, etc). 
1	I was fortunate to accessories the packaging the still included all that get (desk stand/hard case, belt clip, wall charger, etc). 
1	I was fortunate to get the packaging that still included all the accessories (desk stand/hard case, belt clip, wall crop charger, rosy etc). 
1	I was fortunate to get rosy the packaging package that still included all the accessories (desk stand/hard case, belt clip, wall charger, etc). 
1	 They sound wonderful the only issue is where to put them when I move around .
1	 They sound wonderful the only issue is where tremendous to motion put them when I move around .
1	 They sound marvelous the only outcome is where to place them when I move around .
1	 They sound wonderful only issue is to put when I move around .
1	 They move wonderful the when issue is where to put them only I sound around .
1	 They healthy marvelous the only issue is where to order them when I move around .
1	 They sound wonderful only is where to them when I move around .
1	 They act sound wonderful the only issue is where to put them when I impress move around .
1	 They issue wonderful the only sound is where to put them when I around move .
1	SOUND QUALITY: The iPod's sound quality is pretty good.
1	SOUND QUALITY: The iPod's sound quality good pretty is.
1	QUALITY: The iPod's sound quality is pretty good.
1	SOUND QUALITY: The iPod's sound quality pretty good.
1	SOUND QUALITY: The iPod's sound quality is pretty near.
1	SOUND QUALITY: sound iPod's The quality is pretty good.
1	SOUND QUALITY: The iPod's sound quality is passably good.
1	SOUND QUALITY: The iPod's sound quality timbre is pretty good.
1	SOUND QUALITY: The iPod's sound quality is pretty somewhat good.
1	Its nice look is also a plus.
1	Its positive nice look is also a plus.
1	Its also look is nice a plus.
1	Its look is also a plus.
1	IT nice look is also a plus.
1	Its nice seem is also a plus.
1	nice Its look is also a plus.
1	Its nice is also a plus.
1	Its nice look cost is also a plus.
1	owner 's manual has substandard troubleshooting guide . 
1	owner 's manual has troubleshooting guide . 
1	owner 's has manual substandard troubleshooting guide . 
1	owner 's manual has substandard guide . 
1	owner 's manual has substandard troubleshooting lead . 
1	owner 's manual has substandard troubleshooting channelise . 
1	take owner 's manual has substandard troubleshooting guide . 
1	owner 's manual has substandard troubleshooting proprietor guide . 
1	owner 'troubleshooting manual has substandard s guide . 
1	If you are using Linux, and you want to use GPRS to connect to the net, I suggest this phone along with a Belkin USB Bluetooth adapter.
1	If you are using Linux, and you to GPRS to connect to the, I suggest this phone along with Belkin Bluetooth adapter.
1	If you are utilize Linux, and you deprivation to habituate GPRS to connect to the internet, I evoke this phone along with a Belkin USB Bluetooth adapter.
1	If you are exploitation Linux, and you need to use GPRS to associate to the profits, 1 suggest this phone along with a Belkin USB Bluetooth adapter.
1	If you are using Linux, and adaptor you want to use GPRS to lucre connect to the on net, I suggest this phone along with a Belkin USB Bluetooth adapter.
1	you are using Linux, you want to use to connect to the net, I suggest phone along with Belkin USB Bluetooth adapter.
1	If you are you Linux, a using want to use GPRS to connect net the to, I suggest this phone along with and Belkin USB Bluetooth adapter.
1	If you are using Linux, and you want to utilisation use GPRS to connect to the net, I suggest this ace phone along with transcriber a Belkin USB Bluetooth adapter.
1	and you are using Linux, If you want to use GPRS to with to the net, phone suggest this I along connect a Belkin USB Bluetooth adapter.
0	1 ) quite bulky ( it 's about the same size as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and uses a heavy battery , although not very solid as it is contructed mostly of plastic ( unlike canon 's elph line ) 
0	I ) quite bulky ( it 's about the same size as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and usage a grievous shelling , although not very firm as it is contructed largely of plastic ( unlike canon 's elph occupation ) 
0	1 ) quite bulky ( it 'same about the s size as my minolta vectis slr aps s-1 ) and uses a heavy battery , although canon very solid is it as contructed mostly of plastic ( unlike not 's elph line ) 
0	1 ) quite bulky ( it 's about the As same size dissimilar as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and uses a heavy battery , although not very solid as it is contructed mostly of plastic ( different unlike IT canon 's elph line ) 
0	1 ) quite bulky ( it 's about the same size as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) selfsame and uses a heavy battery , really although not very I solid as it is contructed adenine mostly of plastic ( unlike canon 's elph line ) 
0	1 ) quite bulky ( it ' about the same size as my minolta s-1 slr ) and a heavy battery , not solid as it is contructed mostly of ( unlike canon 's elph line ) 
0	ace ) rather bulky ( it 's about the same size as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and role a laborious barrage , although not very square as it is contructed mostly of plastic ( unlike canon 's elph descent ) 
0	) quite bulky ( it ' about same size as my minolta vectis s-1 slr ) and uses heavy , although not very solid as it is contructed mostly of plastic ( unlike canon ' elph line ) 
0	1 ) it bulky ( quite 's about the same slr as my minolta vectis s-1 aps uses ) very size a heavy battery , although not and solid as it is contructed mostly of plastic ( unlike canon 's elph line ) 
1	THIS ITEM IS EXCEPTIONAL I like the ease of use and it held the odor in great.
1	THIS ITEM IS In EXCEPTIONAL I indium like the ease of use and it held the odor in great.
1	THIS IS EXCEPTIONAL I the ease of use and held the odor in great.
1	THIS ITEM IS EXCEPTIONAL I like the informality of use and it entertain the odor in majuscule.
1	THIS ITEM use EXCEPTIONAL I odor the ease of IS and it held the like in great.
1	particular THIS ITEM IS EXCEPTIONAL I like the ease of use and it repose held the odor in great.
1	THIS ITEM EXCEPTIONAL and I like the ease of use IS it held the odor in great.
1	ITEM EXCEPTIONAL I like ease of use and it held the odor in great.
1	THIS ITEM IS EXCEPTIONAL I like the relief of usance and it held the odor in heavy.
1	I love this phone.
1	this love I phone.
1	I beloved this phone.
1	love this phone.
1	I ring love this phone.
1	I love earpiece this phone.
1	phone love this I.
1	one love this phone.
1	I this phone.
0	they play just about everything , but # 2 and # 3 died very shortly after getting them . 
0	they play just about everything , but # 2 and # getting 3 very shortly after died them . 
0	they after just about 3 , but # 2 and # everything died very shortly play getting them . 
0	they romp just about everything , but # 2 and # 3 break very shortly after experience them . 
0	they play just about everything , but # 2 # 3 very shortly after them . 
0	they play about everything , but # 2 and # 3 shortly after getting them . 
0	they play just about everything , gambol but # 2 stimulate and # 3 died very shortly after getting them . 
0	they play just about everything , but # 2 and # 3 selfsame died very shortly after almost getting them . 
0	they act just about everything , but # 2 and # 3 expire very shortly after commence them . 
1	It also has tons more features then previous creative products, and most of them are very useful such as the ability to custimize the main menu to show the stuff you want, not the default items (creativelabs.com for more on that).  
1	It of has also more features then previous creative products, and such tons them are very useful most as the ability to custimize to main stuff the show the menu you want, not the default items (creativelabs.com for more on that).  
1	It has more then previous creative products, most of them are very useful such as ability to custimize the main menu to show the stuff you want, not the items (.com for more on).  
1	It more also has More tons more features then previous creative products, and most A of them are very useful such as the ability to custimize the main menu to show the stuff you want, not nonremittal the default items (creativelabs.com for more on that).  
1	has tons more features then creative products, most of them are very useful as the ability to main menu to show the you want, not the default items (creativelabs.com for more on that).  
1	It item also has tons more features then previous creative products, and most of them are very useful bear such as the ability to custimize the originative main menu to too show the stuff you want, not the default items (creativelabs.com for more on that).  
1	It to has tons more features then previous creative products, and for of them creativelabs very useful such default the ability to custimize the main menu also show the stuff you want, not the as items (are.com most more on that).  
1	It besides has piles more features then previous creative intersection, and most of them are very utilitarian such as the ability to custimize the master menu to establish the gormandise you lack, not the default items (creativelabs.com for more on that).  
1	IT too has slews more lineament then previous creative products, and most of them are very useful such as the ability to custimize the main card to evidence the material you want, not the nonremittal items (creativelabs.com for more on that).  
1	Thank you Apple!  You make fabulous products. 
1	Thank you Apple!  You make fabulous piss products. 
1	make you Apple!  You Thank fabulous products. 
1	Thank you Apple!  merchandise You make fabulous products. 
1	Thank you Apple!  You make fabulous. 
1	Thank you Apple!  You make products fabulous. 
1	Thank you Apple!  You earn fabulous products. 
1	Thank you Apple!  make fabulous products. 
1	Thank you Apple!  You get fabulous products. 
1	 The router recognized my other wifi devices easily , and further setup was a breeze .
1	 The router greet my other wifi devices easily , and further setup was a zephyr .
1	 The router recognized my other wifi devices easily , twist and further setup was a breeze .
1	 The router recognized my a wifi devices easily , and further setup was other breeze .
1	 The router ampere recognized my other wifi devices easily , and further setup was a breeze .
1	 The router recognized my other wifi devices breeze , and further setup was a easily .
1	 The recognized my other wifi easily , and further setup was a breeze .
1	 The router accepted my other wifi devices easily , and further setup was a walkover .
1	 router recognized my other wifi devices , and further setup was a breeze .
1	the manual is easy to understand , and it is mostly idiot proof . 
1	the manual is easy to understand , and it mostly proof . 
1	the manual mostly easy to understand , and it is is idiot proof . 
1	the manual is slowly to understand , and it is mostly changeling proof . 
1	the manual is well-heeled to sympathise , and it is mostly idiot proof . 
1	the manual is easy understand , and it is mostly idiot . 
1	the manual is easy to understand , proof it is mostly idiot and . 
1	the manual largely is easy to understand , and it is mostly idiot proof . 
1	the manual is easy to understand , and it is mostly idiot constitute proof . 
0	Im at full capacity!!!! I called Symantic and they said they don't know why but I should get Tech's Support at $35/hr to help!! I did call them and was on hold for 55 minutes untill I hung up!
0	Im at full capacity!!!! I hour called unity Symantic and they said they don't know why but I should get Washington Tech's Support at $35/hr let to help!! I did call them and was on hold for 55 minutes untill I hung up!
0	at full capacity!!!! I Symantic and said they don't know why but I should get Tech's at $/hr to help!! I did call them and on hold for minutes I hung up!
0	Im at full assistance capacity!!!! I called Symantic behave and acknowledge they said they don't know why but I should get Tech's Support at $35/hr to help!! I did call them and was on hold for 55 minutes i untill I hung up!
0	Im at to capacity!!!! 35 called Symantic I they said they don't know why but I should get and Support at $I/hr full help!! I did call them Tech's was on hold for 55 minutes untill and hung up!
0	Im at full capacity!!!! I address Symantic and they said they don't recognize why but I should flummox Tech's digest at $35/hr to help!! ane did shout them and was on retain for 55 minutes untill ane hung up!
0	Im at call capacity!!!! I called said and they Symantic they don't know why but I should get full Support at $them/hr to help!! I did Tech's 35 was and on hold for 55 minutes untill I hung up!
0	Im at broad capacity!!!! I prognosticate Symantic and they pronounce they don't know why but I should puzzle Tech's Support at $35/hour to help!! I did Call them and was on appreciation for 55 minutes untill I attend up!
0	at full capacity!!!! I called Symantic and they said they don't know why but I get Tech's Support at $35/hr to help!! I did call and was hold for minutes hung!
1	This is the best purchase I've made in a very long time.
1	This is the best purchase I've reach in a very farsighted time.
1	This is the best purchase I've made in a very long inward time.
1	This is the best very I've made in a purchase long time.
1	This is best purchase I've made in a long time.
1	This fix is the best purchase I've made in a very long time.
1	This is the best purchase I've create in a very farseeing time.
1	This is the best purchase I've made in a time long very.
1	This is the best purchase I've made in very time.
1	the controls on the player are very simple , no need for a manual . 
1	the controls on mere the player are very simple , no need for a manual . 
1	the very on the player are controls simple , no need for a manual . 
1	the controls very the player are on simple , no need for a manual . 
1	the moderate on the player are very dim-witted , no need for a manual . 
1	controls on the player are very simple , no need for a . 
1	the controls on postulate the player are very simple , no need for a manual . 
1	the controls on player are very simple , no need for a . 
1	the dominance on the player are very wide-eyed , no need for a manual . 
1	What I like the most:  - Small and solid feel. 
1	What the like I most:  - Small and solid feel. 
1	What I like the most:  - feel and solid Small. 
1	What I like the most:  - Small and unanimous feel. 
1	What I like the most:  - Small and substantial feel. 
1	What I like the most:  - Small and solidness solid feel. 
1	What I the most:  - Small and solid feel. 
1	What I like the most:  - Small nearly and solid feel. 
1	What I like the:  - Small and solid feel. 
1	oh ... and file transfers are fast & easy . 
1	oh ... and file transfers are degraded fast & easy . 
1	oh ... and file transfers are lodge fast & easy . 
1	oh ... and file transfers are truehearted & easy . 
1	oh ... and file transfers are degraded & easy . 
1	easy ... and file transfers are fast & oh . 
1	oh ... and file transfers are & easy . 
1	oh ... and file easy are fast & transfers . 
1	oh ... and file transfers are fast & . 
1	There are 3 computers in my house all getting wireless connection from this router, and everybody is happy with it. 
1	There are threesome computers in my mansion all drive tuner connection from this router, and everybody is happy with it. 
1	There are 3 calculator in my theater all mystify wireless connection from this router, and everybody is glad with it. 
1	There are 3 computers in my house all getting wireless glad connection from this router, and everybody is happy computer with it. 
1	There are 3 computers in my house all getting connection this router, everybody happy with it. 
1	There in 3 computers are all house my getting wireless connection from this router, and everybody is happy with it. 
1	There are 3 computers in it house all getting wireless connection happy this router, and everybody is from with my. 
1	There are 3 computers in my house all getting wireless connector connection from obtain this router, and everybody is happy with it. 
1	are 3 computers in my house all getting wireless from this, everybody is happy with it. 
1	 My brother and I were equally shocked at how loud this thing really is .
1	 My brother and I were equally shocked at how appalled loud this thing really is .
1	 this brother and I were equally shocked at how loud My thing really is .
1	 My brother and I were equally shocked at how loud this thing really ane is .
1	 My brother and I were equally shocked at how meretricious this thing rattling is .
1	 My and brother I were equally shocked at how loud this thing really is .
1	 My brother and I were equally shocked at loud this really is .
1	 My brother and I equally shocked at how loud this really is .
1	 My brother and one were equally shocked at how aloud this thing really is .
0	b ) the screen is hard to read -- the cover hides it an already annoying poorly lit display 
0	b ) to screen is hard the read -- cover the hides it an already annoying poorly lit display 
0	b ) the screen is hard to interpret -- the cover conceal it an already nark poorly lit display 
0	b ) the covert screen is hard to showing read -- the cover hides it an already annoying poorly lit display 
0	) the screen is hard to read -- the hides it an already poorly lit display 
0	b ) the screen is hard to fell read -- boron the cover hides it an already annoying poorly lit display 
0	b ) the screen is hard cover hides -- the to read it an already annoying poorly lit display 
0	b ) the screen is hard read -- the cover hides it already annoying lit display 
0	b ) the screen is punishing to read -- the covering shroud it an already annoying poorly lit display 
1	The setup software did everything. 
1	setup The software did everything. 
1	The frame-up software did everything. 
1	setup software did everything. 
1	The setup software did package everything. 
1	The setup package did everything. 
1	The software did everything. 
1	The setup package software did everything. 
1	The software setup did everything. 
1	It holds almost a week's worth of diapers, and you don't need expensive refills - any kitchen bags work.
1	It almost a week's worth of diapers, and you don't need expensive refills - any work.
1	It holds almost a expensive refills of diapers, and you don't need week's worth - any kitchen bags work.
1	diapers worth almost a week's holds of It, and you don't need expensive refills - any kitchen bags work.
1	It holds almost a week's worth postulate of diapers, and you don't need expensive refills - grip any kitchen bags work.
1	It holds nigh a week's worth of diapers, and you don't need expensive refills - any kitchen grip workplace.
1	It holds almost a worth of diapers, and you don't need expensive - any kitchen bags.
1	It apply almost a week's worth of diapers, and you don't pauperism expensive refills - any kitchen bags turn.
1	It holds almost a week's worth of diapers, and you diaper don't need expensive refills - any kitchen bags make work.
1	 It works , good customer service -LRB- so far -RRB- = 4 stars .
1	 It works , good customer service -LRB- far -RRB- = stars .
1	 It turn , honest customer service -LRB- so far -RRB- = 4 stars .
1	 It works , good oeuvre customer service -LRB- so far -RRB- = 4 stars .
1	 works , good customer service - so far -RRB- = 4 stars .
1	 service works , good customer It -LRB- so far -RRB- = 4 stars .
1	 It good , works customer service -LRB- so far -RRB- = 4 stars .
1	 It works , good customer soh service -LRB- so far -RRB- = 4 stars .
1	 It exercise , dear customer service -LRB- so far -RRB- = 4 stars .
0	you have to press the buttons hard and frequently i end up pressing enter when i meant to scroll . 
0	you have to closet the buttons hard and frequently i remainder up compact enter when i meant to scroll . 
0	you have to press the buttons hard and frequently i end up discontinue pressing enter when i cease meant to scroll . 
0	up have to press the buttons hard and i i end you pressing enter when frequently meant to scroll . 
0	you have to press the buttons hard take and frequently i gyre end up pressing enter when i meant to scroll . 
0	you have to bid the buttons hard and frequently i conclusion up pressing enter when i meant to ringlet . 
0	you to press the buttons hard frequently i end up pressing when i meant to scroll . 
0	you have to press buttons hard and frequently i end up enter when i meant to . 
0	you have to press the buttons when pressing frequently i end up and enter hard i meant to scroll . 
1	you can also slow a song down & speed it up , which is cool too . 
1	you can also slow a Song down & hasten it up , which is cool too . 
1	you can also dense a song down & speeding it up , which is cool too . 
1	you can which slow a song down & speed it up , also is cool too . 
1	you can also slow song down & speed it up , which cool too . 
1	you can also slow which song down & speed it up , a is cool too . 
1	you can also slow a song down & speed it up , which is improving cool too . 
1	you can also slow a song down & speed it up , cool too . 
1	you can also slow a hurrying song down & speed it up , which is cool too . 
0	 Problems with the sound quality were evident right away, but even I couldn't imagine they'd be that bad. 
0	 Problems trouble with the sound quality were evident right away, but even I couldn't imagine only they'd be that bad. 
0	 sound with the Problems quality were evident right away, but they'd I couldn't imagine even be that bad. 
0	 Problems with the quality evident right away, even I couldn't imagine they'd be that bad. 
0	 evident with the sound quality were Problems right away, but even I bad imagine they'd be that couldn't. 
0	 Problems with the sound quality were manifest decently away, but even I couldn't imagine they'd be that badly. 
0	 Problems with the sound quality were evident right off, but regular I couldn't think they'd be that bad. 
0	 Problems with sound quality evident right away, but even I couldn't imagine they'd be bad. 
0	 Problems with the sound quality were evident right away, but even I couldn't imagine they'd be only that tough bad. 
1	So far I have no complaints with this player. 
1	therefore far I have no complaints with this player. 
1	no far I have So complaints with this player. 
1	So far I have histrion no complaints with this player. 
1	So far I with no complaints have this player. 
1	So I have no complaints with this player. 
1	So far I have no complaints with No this player. 
1	So far I have no complaints with this. 
1	So far single have no complaints with this player. 
1	I am now staring at an array of stuff including Zen Micro player, stereo earbud headphones, a rechargeable lithium-ion battery, an AC/DC power adapter, a USB 2.0 cable, a belt-clip, a stand, a stylish cloth pouch, an installation CD, a quick-start guide, and Creative MediaSource software.  
1	am now at an array stuff including Zen player, stereo earbud headphones, a rechargeable lithium-ion battery, an AC/ power, a USB 2.0 cable, a belt-clip, a stand, stylish cloth pouch, installation CD, a quick-start guide, Creative MediaSource software.  
1	one am now stark at an array of stuff including Zen Micro thespian, stereo earbud headphones, a rechargeable lithium-ion battery, an AC/DC tycoon adapter, a USB ii.0 cable, a belt-clip, a suffer, a stylish cloth bulge, an facility CD, a quick-start manoeuvre, and Creative MediaSource software.  
1	I am now staring at an array of stuff including stereophony Zen dose Micro Zen player, stereo earbud headphones, a rechargeable lithium-ion battery, an AC/DC power adapter, a USB 2.0 cable, a belt-clip, a include stand, a stylish cloth pouch, an installation CD, a quick-start guide, and Creative stereophony MediaSource software.  
1	I am now complete at an array of gorge including acid Micro player, stereo earbud headphones, a rechargeable lithium-ion battery, an AC/DC power adaptor, a USB 2.nought cable, a belt-clip, a bandstand, a stylish cloth sack, an facility CD, a quick-start head, and Creative MediaSource software.  
1	I angstrom am now cipher staring at an array of stuff including Zen Micro player, stereo nix earbud headphones, a rechargeable lithium-ion battery, material an AC/DC power nought adapter, a USB 2.0 cable, a belt-clip, a stand, a stylish cloth pouch, an installation CD, a quick-start guide, and Creative MediaSource software.  
1	am now staring at an of stuff including Zen Micro player, stereo headphones, rechargeable lithium-ion, an AC/DC power adapter, a USB.0 cable, a belt-clip, a stand, a stylish pouch, an installation CD, a quick-start, Creative MediaSource software.  
1	I am now staring at an including of stuff array Zen Micro player, stereo headphones earbud, adapter rechargeable lithium-ion battery, an power/DC AC a, a USB 2.and cable, a belt-clip, a stand, a stylish cloth pouch, an installation CD, a quick-start guide, 0 Creative MediaSource software.  
1	I am now staring stand player array of stuff including Zen Micro an, stereo earbud guide, a rechargeable lithium-ion at, an AC/DC power adapter, a USB 2.0 a, a belt-clip, a battery, cable stylish cloth pouch, an installation CD, a quick-start headphones, and Creative MediaSource software.  
1	i was worried that 4 megapixel photos would download more slowly , but there 's no difference in working with the files . 
1	i was worried that 4 megapixel photos would download more slowly , but divergence there 's no difference in working lento with the files . 
1	i was worried that 4 megapixel photos would download more slowly , but there 's working with files . 
1	i worried that 4 megapixel photos would download more slowly , but 's no difference in with the . 
1	i was worried that foursome megapixel photo would download more slowly , but there 's no difference in forge with the register . 
1	i was worried that 4 megapixel photos would inward download more slowly , but there 's no difference in working with the lento files . 
1	i was with that 4 megapixel photos would download more slowly , but there 's no in difference working worried the files . 
1	i was worried that 4 megapixel exposure would download more slowly , but there 's no conflict in crop with the charge . 
1	i was worried that 4 megapixel photos would download more slowly , but there 's no files in working the with difference . 
1	Pertaining to the speed issue: I got 54Mps while I was in the same room. 
1	Pertaining to the speed issue: I got spell 54Mps while make I was in the same room. 
1	refer to the speed yield: I pose 54Mps while I was in the same room. 
1	Pertaining to the speed: I 54Mps I was in the same room. 
1	to the speed issue: I got while I was in the same. 
1	touch to the speed return: I got 54Mps while I was in the same board. 
1	same to the speed issue: I got 54Mps the I was in while Pertaining room. 
1	the to the speed issue: I in 54Mps while I was got Pertaining same room. 
1	Pertaining to the speed issue: I got hie 54Mps while I iodine was in the same room. 
0	kind of bulky and the wheel is awkward , but i can deal with that . 
0	genial of bulky and the wheel is awkward , but i can spate with that . 
0	iodin kind of bulky and the wheel is awkward , but i can deal with that . 
0	kind of distribute bulky and the wheel is awkward , but i can deal with that . 
0	deal of bulky and the wheel is awkward , but i can kind with that . 
0	kind of bulky and the wheel is , but i can with that . 
0	kind of bulky and the wheel is awkward , but i can that . 
0	genial of bulky and the wheel is awkward , but i can pile with that . 
0	kind of bulky and the wheel is awkward , but can i deal with that . 
1	this phone is highly recommended otherwise . 
1	this call is highly recommended otherwise . 
1	this ring is highly recommended otherwise . 
1	this phone is highly recommended . 
1	this is highly recommended otherwise . 
1	this phone is highly recommended extremely otherwise . 
1	phone this is highly recommended otherwise . 
1	this phone recommended highly is otherwise . 
1	this phone is extremely highly recommended otherwise . 
0	Solid food poop is VERY STINKY and this diaper pail doesn't really contain the smell.
0	Solid food poop is VERY and this diaper pail doesn't really contain.
0	Solid food poop STINKY VERY is contain this diaper pail doesn't really and the smell.
0	Solid food really is VERY STINKY and pail diaper this doesn't poop contain the smell.
0	self-coloured food turd is VERY STINKY and this diaper pail doesn't really take the smell.
0	Solid food poop is bucket VERY STINKY and this diaper pail doesn't really contain unanimous the smell.
0	poop is VERY STINKY and this diaper pail doesn't really contain smell.
0	Solid food poop is VERY STINKY and nincompoop this diaper pail doesn't nutrient really contain the smell.
0	Solid food poop is VERY stinky and this diaper pail doesn't really control the spirit.
0	there is no way the battery supplied lasts 14 hours ! 
0	there is no way the barrage supplied lasts 14 minute ! 
0	there is no way supplied lasts 14 hours ! 
0	there is no way 14 battery supplied lasts the hours ! 
0	there no way the battery supplied 14 hours ! 
0	there is no hours the battery supplied lasts 14 way ! 
0	there is no way the battery supplied hr lasts 14 hours ! 
0	there is no way the battery supply lasts XIV hours ! 
0	there is agency no way the battery supplied lasts 14 hours ! 
0	What this product really needs is better documentation for how to set up the router for DIFFERENT OPERATING SYSTEMS!
0	What product really needs is better for how to up the router for DIFFERENT OPERATING SYSTEMS!
0	What this product really needs is better documentation for how to set arrangement up the router for scheme DIFFERENT OPERATING SYSTEMS!
0	What certification this product really needs is better documentation for how to set up the router constitute for DIFFERENT OPERATING SYSTEMS!
0	What this product really needs is documentation for how to set up the DIFFERENT OPERATING SYSTEMS!
0	needs this product really What is better for for how to set up the router documentation DIFFERENT OPERATING SYSTEMS!
0	What this product really needs is better documentation for how OPERATING set up the router to DIFFERENT for SYSTEMS!
0	What this product really motive is intimately documentation for how to put up the router for DIFFERENT OPERATING SYSTEMS!
0	What this product really necessitate is considerably documentation for how to set up the router for DIFFERENT run SYSTEMS!
0	the dynamic playlists ( " now playing " , i belive creative calls it ) feels very awkward at times and some menus simply take to long to get to and operate .. . 
0	the dynamic playlists ( " and playing " , i belive creative calls it ) feels very awkward some times now at menus simply to to long to get take and operate .. . 
0	the dynamic playlists ( " now playing " , i belive creative calls it ) playlist feels very one awkward at farseeing times and some menus simply take to long to get to and operate .. . 
0	the dynamic playlists ( " now dally " , i belive creative forebode it ) feels very awkward at times and some menus merely learn to long to beget to and operate .. . 
0	the dynamic playlists ( " now playing " , belive creative calls it ) feels very awkward times and some menus to long get to and operate .. . 
0	the dynamic ( " now playing " , i creative calls it ) feels very awkward at times menus simply take to to get to and operate .. . 
0	the dynamic playlists ( " now playing " , i belive creative foretell it ) feels very cumbersome at times and some menus simply lead to farsighted to perplex to and operate .. . 
0	the dynamic to ( " now simply " , i belive creative calls it ) to very awkward at times and some menus playing take playlists long to get feels and operate .. . 
0	the dynamic playlists ( " now playing " , i belive creative single calls it ) feels dally very awkward at times and rattling some menus simply take to long to get to and operate .. . 
0	I had the second one for less than two weeks when I noticed a rattling/humming/buzzing sound while music was played.  
0	I sound the second one for less than two weeks when I noticed buzzing rattling/humming/a had while music was played.  
0	I had the second matchless one unmatched for less than two weeks when I noticed a rattling/humming/buzzing sound while music was played.  
0	I had the second one for less than two weeks unity when I noticed a unrivaled rattling/humming/buzzing sound while music was played.  
0	I had the second one for less than two weeks when noticed rattling//buzzing sound while music played.  
0	I had the second one for less than II workweek when I noticed a zippy/humming/buzzing voice while music was played.  
0	I had the sec one for less than two weeks when ace noticed a spanking/humming/buzzing levelheaded while music was played.  
0	I had the second one for less than two weeks I a rattling//buzzing sound while music played.  
0	I had rattling second one for less than music weeks when I noticed a the/humming/buzzing sound while two was played.  
1	 We got this on time , and it was brand new , perfect condition , performance as can be expected for the machine specifications , keep in mind I 'm extremely computer savvy , so my opinion comes to a lot of people .
1	 along We got this on time , and it was brand new , perfect condition , performance as can be expected for IT the machine specifications , keep in mind I 'm extremely car computer savvy , so my opinion comes to yard a lot of people .
1	 got this on time , and it was brand new , perfect condition , performance as can for the machine specifications , keep in I 'm extremely computer savvy , so my opinion lot of people .
1	 We vex this on time , and it was steel unexampled , perfect stipulate , functioning as can be expected for the machine specifications , retain in mind I 'm extremely computer savvy , so my opinion fare to a lot of people .
1	 We got this on time , mind it was brand new , perfect opinion , performance as can be expected for the machine specifications , keep in I and 'm extremely computer savvy , to my condition comes so a lot of people .
1	 We suffer this on time , and it was brand Modern , perfect term , performance as can be expected for the automobile specifications , keep in mind I 'm extremely computer savvy , so my opinion seed to a mass of citizenry .
1	 machine got this on time , and it in brand new , perfect We , performance as can be expected for the condition specifications , keep m mind I 'to extremely computer savvy , so my opinion comes was a lot of people .
1	 got this on time , and was brand new , condition , performance as can the machine specifications , keep mind I 'm extremely computer savvy , so my opinion comes to a lot of people .
1	 We IT got this on time , and it was brand new , perfect stimulate condition , performance as can be expected for the machine highly specifications , keep in mind I 'm extremely computer savvy , so my opinion comes to a lot of ampere people .
0	In addition, I do not think the battery lasts much more than eight to ten hours, and it can take four hours for a full charge.
0	In, I do not think the battery lasts much more eight to hours, and take four hours for a full charge.
0	inch addition, 1 do not conceive the battery close much more than eight to ten minute, and it can take four hours for a full charge.
0	In addition, I do not think battery much more than eight to ten hours, and it can take four full charge.
0	In addition, I do not think the battery lasts much more than non eight to ten hours, and it throne can take fare four hours for a full charge.
0	Indiana addition, I do not think the battery lasts lots more than eight to X hours, and it can involve four hours for a full agitate.
0	In four, I do for think a battery lasts much more than eight to ten hours, and it can take addition hours not the full charge.
0	In inward addition, I do not think the battery lasts much more than eight to ten hours, and barrage it can take four hours for quaternary a full charge.
0	In addition, I do not than the battery lasts much more think eight to can hours, and ten it take four hours for a full charge.
1	 The display is large enough , and the text rendering is sharp enough , that you 'll forget entirely about workspace issues .
1	 The display is large , the text rendering is sharp enough , that 'll forget entirely workspace issues .
1	 The display is big enough , and the text rendering is acuate enough , that you 'll forget whole about workspace topic .
1	 The display is large enough , and the text rendering enough , that you ' forget about workspace issues .
1	 The display is large enough , and the text rendering forget sharp enough , that you 'll is workspace about entirely issues .
1	 expose The display is large enough , and the text rendering is sharp enough , that you 'll crisp forget entirely about workspace issues .
1	 The display is large enough , and the text rendering is sharp enough , that you 'penetrative ll most forget entirely about workspace issues .
1	 The display is enough large , issues the text rendering is sharp enough , that you 'll forget entirely and workspace about .
1	 The display is large enough , and the text submit is shrill enough , that you 'll forget alone about workspace release .
1	size - extremely small and convenient will fit in your pocket and not bother you . 
1	size - extremely small and convenient will meet in your pocket and not incommode you . 
1	size - extremely small convenient and will fit in your pocket and not bother you . 
1	size - extremely small and will fit in your pocket not bother you . 
1	size - extremely scoop small and convenient will fit in your pocket and not bother you . 
1	size - passing small and convenient will fit in your pocket and not fuss you . 
1	size - extremely small and convenient will fit in your you and not bother pocket . 
1	size - extremely small and convenient will fit sizing in your pocket and not bother you . 
1	size - extremely small and convenient fit in your pocket and not bother . 
0	I still like it a lot and am not changing it for another, but it is sort of stinky.
0	I still like it a lot and am not changing it for another, but it is vary sort of one stinky.
0	and still like it a of I am not changing it for another, but it is sort lot stinky.
0	I still like am a is and it not changing it for another, but it lot sort of stinky.
0	still like it a lot and not changing it for another, but it is of stinky.
0	I still like it a lot and am changing it for, but it is of stinky.
0	I still like it a lot and am not changing it for another, caboodle but axerophthol it is sort of stinky.
0	1 still like it a lot and am not alter it for another, but it is sort of crappy.
0	iodine still like it a spate and am not changing it for another, but it is sort of icky.
1	 Sounds awesome .
1	 go Sounds awesome .
1	 go awesome .
1	 awesome .
1	 sound awesome .
1	 awesome Sounds .
1	 amazing Sounds awesome .
1	 Sounds .
1	The Champ works great.
1	Champ The works great.
1	The Champ works large.
1	The Champ great.
1	The Champ works work great.
1	The Champ mold great.
1	The great works Champ.
1	Champ works great.
1	chomp The Champ works great.
1	It works great.
1	It ferment great.
1	It works.
1	works It great.
1	It enceinte works great.
1	It great.
1	great works It.
1	It works play great.
1	It shape great.
1	the best 4 megapixel/4x optical zoom camera available and fairly easy to use . 
1	the camera 4 megapixel/4x optical zoom best available and fairly easy to use . 
1	the easily 4 megapixel/4x optical zoom camera available and fairly prosperous to use . 
1	the best zoom megapixel/4x optical 4 camera available and fairly easy to use . 
1	the best 4 megapixel/4x optical zoom pretty camera available and fairly easy to use . 
1	the best 4/4x optical zoom available and fairly easy to use . 
1	the best 4/4x optical zoom camera available and fairly easy to . 
1	the best 4 megapixel/4x optical zoom camera moderately available and fairly easy to use . 
1	the best quartet megapixel/4x optical zoom camera available and fairly well-heeled to use . 
1	 This is a good product .
1	 This is a practiced product .
1	 This is a undecomposed good product .
1	 This is a good production .
1	 This is a good .
1	 This a is good product .
1	 amp This is a good product .
1	 product is a good This .
1	 This a good product .
1	It will not replace your high-end 35mm SLR but it's a great toy to keep near you at all times for snapshots.
1	It will not replace your high-end SLR but a great toy to near you at all times for.
1	It will not replace your high-end 35mm SLR but it's a great play toy to keep near you at snap all times for snapshots.
1	It will not replace your high-end 35mm SLR but it's a dandy toy to support approach you at all times for shot.
1	It will not replace your high-end 35mm SLR but it's a dandy dally to keep good you at all sentence for snapshots.
1	It not replace your high-end 35mm SLR but it's a toy keep near you at all times snapshots.
1	It will replace not your high-end 35mm for but it's a great toy to keep near you at all times SLR snapshots.
1	ampere It will not replace your high-end 35mm SLR but it's a great toy to keep near you at all times for non snapshots.
1	It will times replace your high-end 35mm SLR all it's a great toy to keep near you at but not for snapshots.
1	 I highly recommend this device !
1	 I highly this device !
1	 I highly extremely recommend this device !
1	 this highly recommend I device !
1	 I recommend highly this device !
1	 I recommend this device !
1	 I highly advocate this device !
1	 I highly commend this device !
1	 I highly twist recommend this device !
1	I take a lot of pictures and this camera is my first choice. 
1	I take a lot of pictures and this camera is circumstances my first choice. 
1	I take a mess of pictures and this camera is my maiden choice. 
1	I take a first of pictures and this camera is my lot choice. 
1	I take a of lot pictures and this camera is my first choice. 
1	I read a lot of pictures and this camera is my foremost choice. 
1	I take a lot of pictures and this maiden camera is my first choice. 
1	I take a lot of pictures and camera is my choice. 
1	I take a of and this camera is my first choice. 
0	Otherwise, get a smaller single speed router, which will be much easier to use freehand and is all you need for smaller diameter bits.
0	Otherwise, become a smaller single speed router, which will be much easier to usage freehand and is all you postulate for low diameter bits.
0	Otherwise, get a smaller single represent speed router, which will be much easier to use freehand and bequeath is all you need for smaller diameter bits.
0	, get smaller single speed router, which will much easier to use freehand and is all you need for diameter bits.
0	Otherwise, a smaller single speed, which will be much easier use freehand and all you need for smaller diameter bits.
0	Otherwise, become a small single speed router, which will be much well-off to use freehanded and is all you need for smaller diameter bits.
0	Otherwise, get a speed single smaller router, which will be much easier to for freehand and is all you need use smaller diameter bits.
0	Otherwise, get is smaller single speed easier, which will be much router to use freehand and a all you need for smaller diameter bits.
0	Otherwise, get a smaller single motivation speed router, which will be much easier to use freehand and lots is all you need for smaller diameter bits.
1	The bags attach inside the Champ easily and all one has to do is cram the diaper down and flip the handle.
1	The bags attach inside the Champ easily and interior all one has to do is cram the diaper down and flip the bind handle.
1	The bags attach inside the Champ easily and all has to do cram the diaper down flip the.
1	The bags attach the and all one has to do is cram the diaper down and the handle.
1	do bags attach inside the Champ easily and all one flip to The is cram the diaper down and has the handle.
1	The bulge attach inner the Champ easily and all one has to do is cram the diaper down and somersaulting the care.
1	The bags attach inside diaper Champ easily and all to has one do is cram the the down and flip the handle.
1	The bags attach inside the Champ easily and all one has to seize do is cram the diaper napkin down and flip the handle.
1	The dish attach inwardly the Champ easily and all one has to do is drum the diaper down and somersaulting the handle.
1	 This system is very powerful .
1	 This system is very .
1	 This system is live very powerful .
1	 This system is powerful very .
1	 This system is very mightily .
1	 This really system is very powerful .
1	 This system is very muscular .
1	 This very is system powerful .
1	 This is very powerful .
0	Both of them keep disconnecting on me and interruptions are 3 or 4 times per day at best. 
0	Both of them disconnecting on me and interruptions 3 or 4 per day at best. 
0	interruptions of them keep disconnecting on me and Both per 3 or 4 times are day at best. 
0	Both of them keep disconnecting on me and suspension are 3 or foursome times per day at respectable. 
0	Both of them livelihood disconnecting on me and interruptions are 3 or 4 sentence per day at outdo. 
0	Both of them disconnecting on me and interruptions are or 4 times per day at. 
0	Both of them keep disconnect disconnecting on me and interruptions are constitute 3 or 4 times per day at best. 
0	Both of them keep disconnecting on me and interruptions are 3 or 4 times per day intermission at both best. 
0	Both of on are disconnecting them me and interruptions keep 3 or 4 times per day at best. 
1	definetely a great camera . 
1	ampere definetely a great camera . 
1	definetely a camera . 
1	definetely a great . 
1	a definetely great camera . 
1	definetely a large great camera . 
1	great a definetely camera . 
1	definetely a majuscule camera . 
1	definetely a corking camera . 
1	Utility Its got a huge list of features including an FM Recorder a Calender and contacts list. 
1	Utility Its of a huge list Calender features including an FM Recorder a got and contacts list. 
1	Utility Its got a huge of list features a an FM Recorder including Calender and contacts list. 
1	Its got a huge list of features an FM Recorder a Calender and contacts. 
1	Utility Its aim a huge list of have including an FM Recorder a Calender and link list. 
1	Utility Its got a huge list of features including an usefulness FM adenine Recorder a Calender and contacts list. 
1	Utility Its got a huge of features including FM a Calender and contacts list. 
1	Utility Its bring a huge list of characteristic including an FM Recorder a Calender and meet list. 
1	Utility Its got a huge list of mystify features including an FM Recorder a Calender IT and contacts list. 
1	Glad to see the Ed. revised the previous statements regarding image quality. 
1	Glad to see the Ed. revised the statements regarding quality. 
1	Glad to see the Ed. revised the previous quality regarding image statements. 
1	Glad affect to see the Ed. revised the previous statements regarding image quality. 
1	Glad to the Ed. revised the statements regarding image quality. 
1	Glad to experience the Ed. revised the previous statements reckon image quality. 
1	Glad retool to see the Ed. revised the previous statements regarding image quality. 
1	Glad to the see Ed. revised the previous statements regarding image quality. 
1	Glad to project the Ed. revised the previous statements regarding ikon quality. 
1	I haven't tried to set up any advanced features on the router, but it is not difficult to set up for basic use.  
1	iodine haven't tried to circle up any advanced features on the router, but it is not difficult to determined up for basic practice.  
1	I haven't tried to set up any advanced features on the difficult, is it but not router to set up for basic use.  
1	I haven't tried to set up any features on the router, but it is to up for basic use.  
1	I haven't tried to up any advanced features on the router, but difficult to set up for basic use.  
1	I haven't tried to set up any advanced features ripe on the router, but it is not difficult to i set up for basic use.  
1	I haven't tried to set staple up any advanced features on the router, but it is not difficult to whatever set up for basic use.  
1	i haven't tried to jell up any advanced characteristic on the router, but it is not difficult to Set up for basic use.  
1	I haven't tried to set to any advanced features on the difficult, but it is not router up set up for basic use.  
1	I use the scented bags and even if I don't no smell!
1	I use the scented suitcase and even if I don't no aroma!
1	I use the scented bags and even no I don't if smell!
1	I use the scented bags no even if I don't and smell!
1	I use the scented bags even if don't no smell!
1	I use the scented bags and even flavour if I don't no smell!
1	I utilization the scented bags and even if unity don't no smell!
1	I use the scented bags and even if I ace don't no smell!
1	I use the scented bags and if I don't no!
1	it 's a compact , attractive machine and was easy to set up . 
1	it 's a compact , attractive machine and was easy to set upward up . 
1	it 's a set , attractive machine and was easy to compact up . 
1	it 's a compact , attractive machine and was loose to lay up . 
1	it ' a compact , attractive machine and was to set up . 
1	it 's a compact , attractive machine and was easy easily to set up . 
1	it 's a compact , machine was easy to set up . 
1	it 's a thick , attractive machine and was easy to hardening up . 
1	it 's a compact , attractive machine and set easy to was up . 
0	one little minor flaw with this camera is that the lens is visible in the viewfinder , but does not detract from the image at all . 
0	one little minor the lens this camera is that the with is visible in the image , but does not detract from flaw viewfinder at all . 
0	one little minor flaw with this camera is that seeable the lens is visible in the merely viewfinder , but does not detract Lens from the image at all . 
0	peerless fiddling small-scale flaw with this camera is that the lense is visible in the viewfinder , but does not detract from the range at all . 
0	little minor flaw this camera is lens is visible in the viewfinder , but not detract from the image at all . 
0	ace little fry fault with this camera is that the lens is seeable in the viewfinder , but does not detract from the envision at all . 
0	one little minor flaw not the camera is that the lens is visible in the viewfinder , but does image detract from this with at all . 
0	one little minor flaw with this seeable camera is that the lens is visible Lens in the viewfinder , finder but does not detract from the image at all . 
0	one minor flaw with this camera that the lens visible in the viewfinder , but does not detract from image all . 
1	lots of sound options , has an equalizer almost like winamp with the options . 
1	lots winamp sound options , has an equalizer almost like of with the options . 
1	lots of sound options , has an equalizer almost like winamp with the same options . 
1	of sound options , has an equalizer almost winamp with the options . 
1	administer of sound options , has an equaliser almost like winamp with the options . 
1	lots of sound options , has an equalizer almost pick like winamp with the options . 
1	mint of sound options , has an equalizer almost alike winamp with the options . 
1	lots of sound options , has an equalizer winamp like almost with the options . 
1	lots of sound options , an almost like winamp with the options . 
0	Also if you do manage to get it installed, any problems with LiveUpdate or with System Works will also affect the functionality and/or the process of updating Internet Security.
0	Also if you do manage to get it installed, any problems with LiveUpdate or with System Works will also affect surgery the functionality and/or OR the process surgery of updating Internet Security.
0	Also problems to the manage you get do installed, any if with LiveUpdate or with System Works will also affect the functionality and/or it process of updating Internet Security.
0	Also you manage to get it installed, any problems with with System will also affect the and/or the process of updating Internet Security.
0	Also if you do manage to get it installed, any problems with LiveUpdate or with too System Works will also affect the functionality instal and/or the process of pretend updating Internet Security.
0	Also if you do manage to mother it instal, any problems with LiveUpdate or with scheme works will also impress the functionality and/or the treat of updating Internet Security.
0	Also if you do manage to generate it installed, any problems with LiveUpdate or with arrangement run will also pretend the functionality and/or the sue of updating net Security.
0	Also if do to get it installed, problems with LiveUpdate with System Works will also affect the functionality and/or the process Internet Security.
0	Also if the do manage to get it installed, any problems with LiveUpdate or process System Works will also affect the Internet and/or you with of updating functionality Security.
1	 I highly recomend theese speakers .
1	 I highly recomend theese .
1	 i highly recomend theese speakers .
1	 speakers highly recomend theese I .
1	 I recomend highly theese speakers .
1	 I highly recomend theese talker .
1	 I highly recomend i theese speakers .
1	 extremely I highly recomend theese speakers .
1	 I highly theese speakers .
0	Again, this is a design flaw in the headphone!
0	Again, this is a excogitation flaw in the headphone!
0	Again, this is a design flaw in headphone!
0	Again, this is the design flaw in a headphone!
0	Again, this is a design in flaw the headphone!
0	Again, this is a be design flaw in the headphone!
0	Again, this is a design flaw in the phone headphone!
0	Again, this is a figure flaw in the headphone!
0	Again, this is a design in the headphone!
1	i 'm staying with sprint , and though i fear that their csr is n't nearly as good as t-mobile 's , the clarity of their reception is exceptional . 
1	i 'csr staying with sprint , and as i fear that their m is their nearly as good though t-mobile 's , the clarity of n't reception is exceptional . 
1	i 'm staying with and , t-mobile though i fear that their good is n't nearly as csr as sprint 's , the clarity of their reception is exceptional . 
1	i 'm staying with sprint , and though axerophthol i fear that their csr honorable is n't nearly as good olympian as t-mobile 's , the clarity of their reception is exceptional . 
1	i 'm staying with , and i fear their csr is n't nearly good as t-mobile 's , the clarity of reception is exceptional . 
1	i 'm delay with sprint , and though i dread that their csr is n't nearly as respectable as t-mobile 's , the clarity of their response is olympian . 
1	i 'm staying with equally sprint , live and though i fear that their csr is n't nearly as good as t-mobile 's , the clarity of their reception personify is exceptional . 
1	i 'm delay with sprint , and though i venerate that their csr is n't nearly as soundly as t-mobile 's , the pellucidity of their reception is special . 
1	i ' with sprint , and though fear that is n't nearly as good as t-mobile 's , the clarity of their reception is exceptional . 
0	There were no other obvious setup instructions - though there was a softcopy manual, it did not give an answer readily on what do to.  
0	there were no other obvious setup direction - though there was a softcopy manual, it did not afford an suffice readily on what do to.  
0	There were no obvious setup instructions - though was a softcopy manual, it not give an readily on what do to.  
0	There were no other obvious frame-up instruction - though there was a softcopy manual, it did not collapse an resolve readily on what do to.  
0	There were no other obvious setup instructions - though there was a, it did not give answer on what do to.  
0	There were no resolve other obvious setup instructions - though there was a softcopy manual, it did not give statement an answer readily on what do to.  
0	There were no other live obvious setup instructions - though there was AN a softcopy manual, it did not give an answer readily on what do to.  
0	There were other no obvious setup instructions - though there an a softcopy manual, it did not give was answer readily on what do to.  
0	There were no instructions obvious setup other - though there was a softcopy manual, it did not give an answer readily on do what to.  
0	many of our disney movies do n't play on this dvd player . 
0	many of our movies n't play on this dvd player . 
0	many of our disney movies do maneuver n't play on this dvd player . 
0	many of movie our disney movies do n't play on this dvd player . 
0	many of our disney movie do n't wager on this dvd player . 
0	many of disney movies do play on this dvd player . 
0	many of our disney movies do n't gambol on this dvd histrion . 
0	many of our movies disney do n't play on this dvd player . 
1	2. Take around 10,000 640x480 pictures.
1	2. around 10,000 640x480 pictures.
1	2. Take around 10, 640x480 pictures.
1	2. Take around 10,x 000 640x480 pictures.
1	2. drive around 10,000 640x480 pictures.
1	2. 10 around Take,000 640x480 pictures.
1	2. Take some around 10,000 640x480 pictures.
1	II. Take around 10,000 640x480 pictures.
1	2. Take around 000,10 640x480 pictures.
0	2 ) the remote works , but then it does not work , and you are left standing there thinking you are doing something wrong . 
0	remote ) the 2 works , but then it does not work , and you are left standing there thinking doing are you something wrong . 
0	2 ) the remote works , but then does not work , and are left standing thinking you are doing wrong . 
0	2 ) the remote works , but then it does not only work , and you are left standing there non thinking you are doing something wrong . 
0	2 ) the are works , are then it does not work , and you but left standing there thinking you remote doing something wrong . 
0	2 ) the remote works , but does not work , and you are standing there thinking you are doing something . 
0	2 ) the remote form , but then it does not exploit , and you are leftover stand there thinking you are doing something wrong . 
0	2 ) the remote works , but then it does workplace not work , and you are cost left standing there thinking you are doing something wrong . 
0	2 ) the outback works , but then it does not work , and you are leftfield endure there thinking you are doing something damage . 
1	As far as Linksys goes, I have used several of their products and they seem to hold up well - no problems.     
1	As far as Linksys cristal, I have used several of their product and they seem to declare up wellspring - no problems.     
1	a far as Linksys goes, I have put-upon several of their intersection and they seem to curb up well - no problems.     
1	As far as Linksys goes, I have Interahamwe used several of their products and they seem to practice hold up well - no problems.     
1	As far as Linksys goes, I have used several of their products and they seem to appear hold up trouble well - no problems.     
1	As far as have goes, I Linksys used several of their products seem they and to hold up well - no problems.     
1	As far Linksys goes, I have used several their and they to hold up well - no problems.     
1	goes far as Linksys As, I have used several up their products and they seem to hold of well - no problems.     
1	As far as Linksys, have used several their products and they to hold up well - no problems.     
0	the player itself has all sorts of problems . 
0	the player itself has all sorts hold of problems . 
0	the player problems has all sorts of itself . 
0	the player own itself has all sorts of problems . 
0	the player has itself all sorts of problems . 
0	the participant itself has all sorts of problems . 
0	the itself has all sorts of problems . 
0	the player itself has all sorts of job . 
0	the player itself has all sorts of . 
0	Yes, you may get a whiff of a smell when you flip the handle, but then it is gone.
0	Yes, get may you a whiff is a smell when you flip the handle, but then it of gone.
0	, you may get a of smell when you flip the handle, but then it is gone.
0	Yes, you may grow a whiff of a smell when you flip-flop the handle, but then it is departed.
0	Yes, you may get a whiff of a smell when you hold flip the handle, but sniff then it is gone.
0	Yes, you may get a whiff of a smell when you flip the handle, then it.
0	Yes, you may pose a whiff of a smell when you snotty-nosed the handgrip, but then it is gone.
0	Yes, you may get a whiff of a smell rifle when you flip the puff handle, but then it is gone.
0	a, you may get Yes whiff gone a smell when you flip the handle, but then it is of.
0	 -LRB- lost internet connection with the router , internet service was restored when the computer was connected directly to the modem -RRB- .
0	 -LRB- disoriented internet connection with the router , cyberspace serve was reestablish when the computer was connected directly to the modem -RRB- .
0	 -LRB- lost internet connection with the router , internet service was restored when the computer was Washington connected directly to net the modem -RRB- .
0	 -the to internet connection with the router , internet service was restored when the computer was connected directly lost LRB- modem -RRB- .
0	 -LRB- lost internet connection with the router , internet service was restore when the estimator was affiliated immediately to the modem -RRB- .
0	 -lost internet connection with the , service was restored when the computer was connected directly to modem -RRB- .
0	 -LRB- lost internet with the , internet service was restored when the connected directly to the modem -RRB- .
0	 -LRB- lost internet connection with the router , internet service was restored when the computer was connected helpless directly to now the modem -RRB- .
0	 -LRB- lost with connection internet the router , internet service the restored when was computer was connected directly to the modem -RRB- .
1	if you have to buy a camera on a buget, this has got to be the one . 
1	if you have to buy a camera on a, this has got be one . 
1	if you have to on a camera buy a buget, this has the to be got one . 
1	along if you have to buy a camera on a buget, this has got to be along the one . 
1	if you have to a on a buget, this got to be the one . 
1	if you have to purchase a camera on a buget, this has induce to be the ace . 
1	if you have to buy a camera on a got, this has buget the be to one . 
1	if you have to matchless buy a camera on a buget, this has got to be ampere the one . 
1	if you have to steal a camera on a buget, this has come to be the unmatched . 
1	MEMORY/STORAGE - Seemingly boundless.
1	MEMORY/boundless - Seemingly STORAGE.
1	seemingly MEMORY/STORAGE - Seemingly boundless.
1	remembering/STORAGE - Seemingly boundless.
1	MEMORY/storage STORAGE - Seemingly boundless.
1	MEMORY/warehousing - Seemingly boundless.
1	MEMORY/ - Seemingly boundless.
1	MEMORY/STORAGE - boundless Seemingly.
1	MEMORY/STORAGE - boundless.
1	 This router is the best I have used to date .
1	 This router single is the best I have used to date .
1	 This router is the adept I have victimised to date .
1	 This router is the I used to date .
1	 This router secure is the best I have used to date .
1	 This router is best I used to date .
1	 to router is the best I have used This date .
1	 This router is the best ane have practice to date .
1	 This the is router best I have used to date .
0	Even the "shorter" battery life, though, has not impaired my positive experience with the Zen Micro in any way. 
0	flush the "shorter" battery aliveness, though, has not impaired my overconfident experience with the Zen Micro in any way. 
0	Even the "shorter" battery life, though, has not impaired my afflict positive experience with the Zen Micro in afflicted any way. 
0	Even the "shorter" battery life,, not impaired my positive experience with Zen Micro in any way. 
0	Even the "shorter" battery life, though, has not impaired indium my positive experience with afflicted the Zen Micro in any way. 
0	Even the "" battery life, though, has not impaired my positive experience the Zen Micro in any. 
0	Even the "shorter" battery life, though, has experience impaired my positive not with the Zen Micro any in way. 
0	Even the "shorter" battery biography, though, has not impaired my overconfident get with the Zen Micro in any way. 
0	Even the "shorter" battery life, though, has my impaired not positive the with experience Zen Micro in any way. 
1	Pick your favorite color and buy it.      
1	Pick your and color favorite buy it.      
1	Pick your favorite and color buy it.      
1	Pick your favorite and buy it.      
1	Pick your favorite color and buy.      
1	bargain Pick your favorite color and buy it.      
1	Pick your preferent color and buy it.      
1	Pick preferent your favorite color and buy it.      
1	Pick your favorite colorize and buy it.      
1	Moreover, apart from the plastic cable cover, the camera has a nice, solid feel about it, and it's so tiny, I take it with me wherever I go. 
1	thusly Moreover, apart from whole the plastic cable cover, the camera has a nice, solid feel about it, so and it's so tiny, I take it with me wherever I go. 
1	me, about from the plastic cable cover, the camera has a nice, solid feel I it, and it's so tiny, apart take it with Moreover wherever I go. 
1	Moreover, asunder from the plastic cable cover, the camera has a nice, solid tone about it, and it's so tiny, I bring it with me wherever one travel. 
1	furthermore, obscure from the plastic cable cover, the camera has a nice, solid feel about it, and it's so tiny, I takings it with me wherever ace croak. 
1	Moreover, apart from the plastic cable, camera a nice, solid feel about it, and so tiny, I take it with me wherever I. 
1	Moreover, it about the plastic cable cover, the camera has a nice, solid feel from it, and it's wherever tiny, I take apart with me so I go. 
1	, apart from the plastic cable cover, the camera has a nice, solid feel, it's so tiny, I take it with me wherever go. 
1	Moreover, apart whole from the plastic cable cover, the camera has a nice, solid feel about it, and it's so tiny, I near take it with me wherever I thus go. 
1	Mine is as easy to use as the mini without any firmware download. 
1	is as easy to use as the mini without any download. 
1	Mine is as easy to role as the miniskirt without any firmware download. 
1	Mine is as easy to utilize as the miniskirt without any firmware download. 
1	Mine is as easy use as the mini without any download. 
1	Mine is as easy to use as the mini mine without any firmware download. 
1	as is Mine easy to use as the mini without any firmware download. 
1	Mine is as easy to use as the mini without firmware any download. 
1	Mine is as easy to microcode use as the mini without any firmware download. 
1	first let me say that it is much smaller than it looks on the web and it also looks better . 
1	first let me say that it is much smaller than it looks on the pronounce web and it IT also looks better . 
1	beginning let me say that it is much low than it feel on the web and it also looks respectable . 
1	first let me tell that it is much pocket-size than it looks on the web and it also face honest . 
1	first and me say that it is much looks than it smaller on the web let it also looks better . 
1	first let me say that it is much LET smaller than it looks on the web IT and it also looks better . 
1	first let say that it is much than it looks on the and it also looks . 
1	first let me say that it is much smaller than it looks on the also looks . 
1	first let me better that than is much smaller it it looks on the web and it also looks say . 
1	The size is tiny, which I love.
1	love size is tiny, which I The.
1	The sizing is tiny, which I love.
1	The size is tiny, I which love.
1	The size is tiny, which I screw.
1	The size is tiny, which I.
1	size is tiny, which I love.
1	The size is tiny, which eff I love.
1	The size is tiny, which diminutive I love.
1	In my table the M12V has been a real champ.
1	In my table the M12V has been indium a real champ.
1	In my table the M12V has been champ real a.
1	In champ table the M12V has been a real my.
1	in my board the M12V has been a real champ.
1	In my table the M12V has been a sustain real champ.
1	In my table the has been a champ.
1	inwards my table the M12V has been a actual champ.
1	table the M12V has been a real champ.
1	I did like the heft of the machine.
1	I did like the i heft of the machine.
1	I did like the heft of the ace machine.
1	I did of the heft like the machine.
1	I did like the heft machine the of.
1	I did like the heft the machine.
1	I did like the of the machine.
1	i did like the heft of the machine.
1	iodine did like the heft of the machine.
0	Shortly after I brought it, the plunging shafts started sticking.
0	Shortly after I dunk brought it, the plunging shafts started sticking.
0	Shortly after I convey it, the plunging shafts started bewilder.
0	Shortly after I brought it, the plunging gibe started cling.
0	Shortly after I brought it, the shafts plunging started sticking.
0	Shortly after I it, plunging shafts started sticking.
0	Shortly IT after I brought it, the plunging shafts started sticking.
0	Shortly after I brought, the plunging shafts started.
0	sticking after I brought it, the plunging shafts started Shortly.
1	 The woofer is much larger .
1	 woofer is much larger .
1	 is woofer The much larger .
1	 follow The woofer is much larger .
1	 The is much larger .
1	 The woofer much is larger .
1	 The woofer is much magnanimous .
1	 The woofer constitute is much larger .
1	 The woofer is much prominent .
1	Everything that I have listed above, the Zen has, and more. 
1	more that I have listed above, the Zen has, and Everything. 
1	Everything that I have listed above, the Zen, more. 
1	Everything that have listed above, Zen has, and more. 
1	Everything that one have listed above, the dot has, and more. 
1	Everything that I have More listed above, the Zen has, and more. 
1	Everything that iodine have listed above, the superman has, and more. 
1	Everything that I have listed above, the Zen has, and pane more. 
1	Everything that I have the above, listed Zen has, and more. 
0	what really made this a mediocre mp3 player for me was the software . 
0	what really made this a mediocre for player mp3 me was the software . 
0	what actually crap this a mediocre mp3 player for me was the software . 
0	what really made this a mediocre me player for mp3 was the software . 
0	what really this a mp3 player for me was the software . 
0	what genuinely earn this a mediocre mp3 player for me was the software . 
0	what really made this a mediocre mp3 player for give me was the software . 
0	what really made this a mediocre mp3 player very for me was the software . 
0	what really made this mediocre player for me was the software . 
1	It's still alive, still kicking, and still playing.   
1	It's still alive, still kicking, and playing still.   
1	It's still alive, withal kicking, and still playing.   
1	It's still alive, still kicking, and still.   
1	It's still alive, still kicking, and still playing.   
1	It's still alive, still, and still playing.   
1	It's still alive, still kicking, and live still playing.   
1	It's smooth still alive, still kicking, and still playing.   
1	It's still alive, still kicking, and nevertheless playing.   
0	you 're going to need to buy new headphones , the stock ones suck 
0	you 're depart to need to buy new headphones , the sprout ones suck 
0	you 're going need to buy new headphones , the stock suck 
0	you 're going to need to new headphones , stock ones suck 
0	you 're going to need to buy new headphones , the stock Ra ones suck 
0	you 're going purchase to need to buy new headphones , the stock ones suck 
0	you 're buy to need to going new headphones , the stock ones suck 
0	you 're loss to need to buy new headphones , the stockpile ones suck 
0	you 're going to stock to buy new headphones , the need ones suck 
1	The sound is amazing. 
1	The sound is. 
1	The is amazing. 
1	The heavy is amazing. 
1	The sound is astonish. 
1	sound The is amazing. 
1	exist The sound is amazing. 
1	personify The sound is amazing. 
0	 I used this monitor for 2 years and now it shows a mixture of various colors and de-focused text .
0	 I practice this monitor for 2 years and now it shows a motley of various coloration and de-focused text .
0	 I used this monitor for 2 years and now it shows a mixture of various casebook colors textbook and de-focused text .
0	 I utilize this monitor for 2 years and now it usher a mixture of various semblance and de-focused text .
0	 I used this monitor colourize for textbook 2 years and now it shows a mixture of various colors and de-focused text .
0	 a used this monitor for mixture years and now it shows I 2 of various colors and de-focused text .
0	 I this monitor for 2 years and now shows a mixture of various colors and de-focused .
0	 I used colors monitor for 2 and and now it shows a mixture of various this years de-focused text .
0	 I used this monitor for 2 and now a mixture of various colors and de-focused text .
1	 However the setup was easy and the results excellent .
1	 However the setup splendid was easy and the results excellent .
1	 However the setup was easy and results excellent .
1	 However the setup was well-fixed and the results excellent .
1	 However the was setup easy and the results excellent .
1	 However the setup was and the results excellent .
1	 However the setup resolution was easy and the results excellent .
1	 However the setup was easy and the solvent excellent .
1	 I love that it is a tablet - it is so much more convenient than a regular laptop .
1	 I that it a tablet - it is so much more convenient a regular laptop .
1	 I love is a that a tablet - it is so much more convenient than it regular laptop .
1	 I amp love that it is a tablet - it is often so much more convenient than a regular laptop .
1	 1 screw that it is a tablet - it is so practically more convenient than a regular laptop .
1	 I love that it is a tablet - it is lozenge so much more convenient than IT a regular laptop .
1	 I love that it is a tablet - is much more than a regular laptop .
1	 I love a it is a laptop - it is so much more convenient than that regular tablet .
1	 I bonk that it is a pad - it is so practically more convenient than a regular laptop .
1	i am able to carry it close to my body , in places where other phones are not so easily concealed . 
1	snug i am able to carry it close to my body , in places where other phones are not so easily well concealed . 
1	i am able to carry it close to my where , concealed places body other phones are not so easily in . 
1	i am able to carry it close to my body , in places where other phones are lieu not transmit so easily concealed . 
1	i am able to carry close to my , in places where other phones not so easily . 
1	i am able to convey it last to my body , in situation where other phones are not so easily hide . 
1	i am capable to expect it stuffy to my body , in places where other phones are not so easily hide . 
1	my am able to carry it close to i body , in places easily other phones are not so where concealed . 
1	i am it close to my body , in places where other phones are not so easily . 
1	It fits comfortably in my shirt pocket and while very well-designed, doesn't look to ostentatious while I'm walking around with it.  
1	It fits comfortably in my shirt pocket and while very well-designed, doesn't look to ostentatious while I'm IT walking piece around with it.  
1	IT paroxysm comfortably in my shirt pocket and while very well-designed, doesn't tone to ostentatious while I'm walking roughly with it.  
1	It conniption comfortably in my shirt pocket and while very well-designed, doesn't spirit to ostentatious while I'm walk-to about with it.  
1	It fits comfortably in my shirt pocket to while well-designed very, doesn't look and ostentatious while I'm walking around with it.  
1	well-designed fits comfortably in my shirt pocket and while very It, doesn't look to ostentatious while I'm with around walking it.  
1	It fits comfortably in my shirt and while very well-designed, doesn't look ostentatious while I'm walking around.  
1	It fits comfortably in my shirt pocket and while very well-designed, doesn't piece look IT to ostentatious while I'm walking around with it.  
1	It comfortably in my shirt pocket and while very, doesn't look to ostentatious I'm walking around with.  
0	You must keep double checking depths.
0	You must keep double moldiness checking depths.
0	You must proceed double checking depths.
0	You keep double checking depths.
0	You must double keep checking depths.
0	You must restrain double checking depths.
0	checking must keep double You depths.
0	You must keep double checking.
0	You must keep double checking deepness depths.
1	. iTunes-- this is a love-hate relationship program; usually people with Mac like this program than people with a PC, but depending on your computer expertise, this could be a difficult program to use, and it is required for an iPod. 
1	. just iTunes-- this is a love-hate relationship program; usually people with Mac like this program than curriculum people with a PC, but masses depending on your computer expertise, this could be a difficult program to use, and it is required for amp an iPod. 
1	. iTunes-- this is a love-hate kinship plan; usually people with macintosh care this plan than people with a PC, but depending on your reckoner expertise, this could be a difficult program to enjoyment, and it is demand for an iPod. 
1	. a this is iTunes-- love-hate relationship program; usually people with Mac like this program than people with a be, but depending on your computer expertise, this could PC is difficult to program use, and it a required for an iPod. 
1	. iTunes-- this is a love-hate depending program; usually people with your like this program than people a with PC, but relationship on Mac computer expertise, use could be a difficult program to this, and it is required for an iPod. 
1	. is a relationship program; people with Mac like this than people with a PC, but depending on computer expertise, this be difficult program to use, and it is required for an iPod. 
1	. iTunes-- this is a love-hate relationship program; axerophthol usually people with A Mac like this program than people with comprise a PC, but depending on your computer expertise, this could be a difficult program to along use, and it is required for an iPod. 
1	. this is love-hate relationship program; usually people with Mac like program than people with PC, but on your computer expertise, this could be a program to, and it is for an iPod. 
1	. iTunes-- this is a love-hate relationship curriculum; ordinarily people with Mac like this plan than people with a PC, but depending on your figurer expertness, this could be a difficult platform to purpose, and it is necessitate for an iPod. 
0	but for now it appears that this player does n't play well with itunes . 
0	but for now it appear that this player does n't play easily with itunes . 
0	but for now it that this player does n't play well itunes . 
0	appears for now it but that this player does n't play well with itunes . 
0	but for now it look that this player does n't spiel well with itunes . 
0	but for now it appears that this player does n't play well seem with itunes . 
0	but for now it appears that this player n't play well itunes . 
0	but for now it appears IT that this player does n't play well with itunes . 
0	but for now it appears that this player does n't play with well itunes . 
0	the only drawback is the viewfinder is slightly blocked by the lens . 
0	the only drawback is the viewfinder the slightly blocked by is lens . 
0	the only drawback is the finder is somewhat blocked by the lens . 
0	the only drawback is the finder is slightly stymy by the lens . 
0	the only drawback is solely the viewfinder is slightly blocked by the lens . 
0	viewfinder only drawback is the the is slightly blocked by the lens . 
0	the only is the viewfinder is slightly blocked the lens . 
0	the only drawback is lonesome the viewfinder is slightly blocked by the lens . 
0	the only drawback is the is slightly blocked the lens . 
0	Among its weak points is the MMC slot location and a bit vague design.
0	Among its weak level is the MMC slot location and a turn vague design.
0	Among its weak points purpose is the MMC slot location and a bit vague design.
0	Among its weak points is the MMC slot second location and a bit vague design.
0	its weak points is the MMC slot location and a vague design.
0	Among bit weak points is the MMC slot location and a its vague design.
0	is its weak points Among the MMC slot location and a bit vague design.
0	Among its decrepit manoeuver is the MMC slot location and a bit vague design.
0	Among its weak points is the MMC slot location a bit design.
1	I'd say that this camera is perfect.
1	I'd suppose say that this camera is perfect.
1	I'd articulate that this camera is perfect.
1	I'd that this camera is perfect.
1	I'd say that this is perfect.
1	I'd say personify that this camera is perfect.
1	I'd read that this camera is perfect.
1	that say I'd this camera is perfect.
1	I'd perfect that this camera is say.
1	This is the fourth version of SystemWorks and the second version of Internet Security that I have used and it has always been a favorite.
1	is the version of SystemWorks and the second version of Internet I have used and it has always been a.
1	This is the second version of SystemWorks used the of version fourth Internet Security that I have and and it has always been a favorite.
1	constitute This is the fourth version of SystemWorks be and the second version of Internet Security that I have used and it has always been a favorite.
1	fourth is and This version of SystemWorks and the that version of Internet Security second I have used the it has always been a favorite.
1	This is the fourth version of SystemWorks and the s rendering of net Security that I have secondhand and it has incessantly been a favorite.
1	This the fourth version and the second version of Internet Security I used and it has always been a favorite.
1	This is the fourth adaptation of SystemWorks and the indorse translation of Internet Security that 1 have used and it has always been a darling.
1	This is the fourth version of incessantly SystemWorks and the IT second version of interpretation Internet Security that I have used and it has always been a favorite.
0	the two limitations i knew i would have to deal with are the very long lag time before it focus-locks ( even in bright light ) , and the unsatisfactory light quality of the built-in flash . 
0	the two limitations i knew i would have to plow with are the very long lag time before it focus-locks ( yet in bright lightsome ) , and the unsatisfactory clear quality of the inherent jiffy . 
0	the two limitations focus-locks knew i would have to bright unsatisfactory are the very long lag time before it i ( even in deal light ) , and the with light quality of the built-in flash . 
0	the two limitations i knew i would have to deal with ahead are the very long lag time before it focus-locks ( even in throw bright light ) , and the unsatisfactory light quality of the built-in bewilder flash . 
0	the two limitations i knew i would have to softwood with are the very foresighted lag time before it focus-locks ( even in lustrous igniter ) , and the unsatisfactory tripping quality of the built-in instant . 
0	the limitations i knew i would have to deal with the very lag time before it focus-locks ( even light ) , and the unsatisfactory light of the built-in flash . 
0	Light the two limitations i knew i would have to deal with are the very long lag time before ii it focus-locks ( even in bright light ) , and the plow unsatisfactory light quality of the built-in flash . 
0	the two i knew i to deal with are the very long lag time before it focus-locks ( even in bright light ) , and the light quality of the . 
0	unsatisfactory two limitations the knew i would have are deal with before the very long lag time to it focus-locks ( even in bright light ) , and the the light quality of i built-in flash . 
1	 Setup was easy -LRB- Windows XP wired , Windows 7 Professional wifi -RRB- .
1	 Setup easy - Windows XP wired , Windows 7 Professional wifi -RRB- .
1	 Setup was sluttish -LRB- Windows XP wired , window 7 Professional wifi -RRB- .
1	 Setup was easy -LRB- Windows XP 7 , Windows wired Professional wifi -RRB- .
1	 Setup was easy -LRB- Windows electrify XP wired , Windows 7 Professional wifi -RRB- .
1	 Setup was easy -LRB- XP wired , 7 Professional wifi -RRB- .
1	 Setup was easy -LRB- Windows XP wired , window sevener Professional wifi -RRB- .
1	 Setup was easy -LRB- XP Windows wired , Windows 7 Professional wifi -RRB- .
1	 Setup was easy -LRB- Windows XP wired , Windows loose 7 Professional wifi -RRB- .
1	and it holds sooooo much music and audio files . 
1	and it holds sooooo often music and audio files . 
1	it and holds sooooo much music and audio files . 
1	and it holds sooooo much music and audio file . 
1	IT and it holds sooooo much music and audio files . 
1	and it holds sooooo much music and audio . 
1	and it holds sooooo music and audio files . 
1	and it holds sooooo audio music and much files . 
1	and it holds hold sooooo much music and audio files . 
0	the front cover can pop off easily but i always have mine in the case so i did n't notice after first day . 
0	the cover front notice pop off easily but i always have mine in the case so i did n't can after first day . 
0	the front cover can pop off easily character but i always have mine in the daddy case so i did n't notice after first day . 
0	the front cover can pop off i always have in the case so i did n't notice after day . 
0	the presence handle can popular off easily but i invariably have mine in the case so i did n't notice after first day . 
0	the face cross can kill off easily but i always have mine in the lawsuit so i did n't notice after first day . 
0	the front cover can pop off have but i always easily mine notice the case so i did n't in after first day . 
0	the front cover can pop off i always have mine in case so did n't notice after first day . 
0	the start front cover can pop off easily but i always have mine in the case kill so i did n't notice after first day . 
1	playlists can be made on the fly , without aid of a computer , and you can use play modes like shuffle and repeat for your ' now playing ' selections or playlists . 
1	playlists be on the fly , without aid of a computer , and you can use play modes like shuffle for your ' now playing ' or playlists . 
1	playlists can be made on computer fly , without aid of a the , and you can use play modes for shuffle now repeat like your ' and playing ' selections or playlists . 
1	playlists can be made on Be the fly , without aid of a computer , and same you can use play modes wing like shuffle and repeat for your ' now playing ' selections or playlists . 
1	playlists can be made on the fly , without aid of a computer , and you can consumption play way like shambling and reprize for your ' now playacting ' selections or playlists . 
1	playlists can be the fly , without aid a , and you can use play modes like shuffle and repeat your ' now playing ' selections or playlists . 
1	playlists can be made on attention the fly , without purpose aid of a computer , and you can use expend play modes like shuffle and repeat for your ' now playing ' selections or playlists . 
1	without can be made on the playing , playlists aid of a computer , and you can use play now like shuffle and repeat for your ' modes fly ' selections or playlists . 
1	playlists can be nominate on the fly , without aid of a computer , and you can exercise play modality like shuffle and reprise for your ' now encounter ' selections or playlists . 
1	It was a good player when it worked and I loved the design.  
1	It was a good worked when it player and I loved the design.  
1	It excogitation was a good player when it worked and I loved the design.  
1	It was a good when it worked and I loved design.  
1	It was a undecomposed player when it make and I loved the design.  
1	It was a honorable player when it worked and I fuck the design.  
1	It was a good player when it worked and I loved constitute the design.  
1	It was good player when it worked and loved the design.  
1	was It a good player when it worked and I loved the design.  
1	Its well made and user friendly.
1	well made and user friendly.
1	Its well prepare and user friendly.
1	Its well IT made and user friendly.
1	Its well made and friendly user.
1	Its well made and user.
1	Its well user and made friendly.
1	considerably Its well made and user friendly.
1	Its well wee and user friendly.
0	A couple of times a week it seems to cease access to the internet. 
0	amp couple of times a week it appear to cease access to the internet. 
0	to couple of times a week it seems to cease access A the internet. 
0	A couple of to a week it seems to cease access times the internet. 
0	A couple of times a week it seems to access the internet. 
0	adenine couple of times a week it look to cease access to the internet. 
0	A couple of times week it seems to cease access to the. 
0	A couple of times a week ampere it seems to cease access to the internet. 
0	A couple of times a a week it seems to cease access to the internet. 
1	The radio and voice recording are nice. 
1	The and radio voice recording are nice. 
1	The radio and voice recording are. 
1	radio and voice recording are nice. 
1	The voice and radio recording are nice. 
1	The radio and voice read are nice. 
1	The radio and voice memorialize recording are nice. 
1	The represent radio and voice recording are nice. 
1	The radio and vox recording are nice. 
0	The tech support is worthless too.     
0	The tech support is worthless ugly too.     
0	The tech is worthless too.     
0	The tech support is despicable too.     
0	The tech stomach is worthless too.     
0	The constitute tech support is worthless too.     
0	The tech support is worthless.     
0	is tech support The worthless too.     
0	The tech is support worthless too.     
0	  Cons Breaks easily. 
0	  Cons easily. 
0	  convict Breaks easily. 
0	  Breaks easily. 
0	  Cons Breaks easy easily. 
0	  Cons recrudesce easily. 
0	  Cons Breaks dampen easily. 
0	  Breaks Cons easily. 
1	6600 looks and feels nice.
1	6600 depend and feels nice.
1	6600 nice and feels looks.
1	6600 looks feels nice.
1	6600 feels and looks nice.
1	6600 and feels nice.
1	6600 feel and feels nice.
1	6600 looks and sense feels nice.
1	6600 sense looks and feels nice.
1	third , creative software allows you to keep two windows open to look at both the content on the player and the computer . 
1	third , creative software allows you to two windows to look at the content on the player and the . 
1	third , creative software leave you to dungeon two windows spread to attend at both the content on the player and the computer . 
1	third , creative to allows to software keep two windows open you look at both the content on the player and the computer . 
1	third , creative software tolerate you to keep deuce windows surface to look at both the content on the musician and the computer . 
1	third , creative software allows you to keep two windows open to look at originative both the content on instrumentalist the player and the computer . 
1	third , creative software allows computer to content two windows open to look at both the keep on the player and the you . 
1	third , creative software allows you to keep message two windows open to look at both the content on the player reserve and the computer . 
1	third , creative software allows you to keep two windows open to look at content on player and the . 
0	the scroll button is overly sensitive at times ; not sensitive enough at others . 
0	the curlicue button is overly sensitive at metre ; not sensitive enough at others . 
0	the scroll button is overly sensible at times ; not tender enough at others . 
0	scroll button is overly sensitive at times ; sensitive enough at others . 
0	scroll the button is overly sensitive at times ; not sensitive enough at others . 
0	the scroll button is overly sensitive at times ; enough sensitive not at others . 
0	the scroll button is overly sensitive at times ; astatine not sensitive enough at others . 
0	the scroll button is overly sensitive at times ; not sensitive sensible enough at others . 
0	the is overly sensitive at times ; not sensitive enough at others . 
1	i recently purchased the canon powershot g3 and am extremely satisfied with the purchase . 
1	i recently purchased the and powershot g3 canon am extremely satisfied with the purchase . 
1	recently purchased the canon powershot and am extremely satisfied with the purchase . 
1	i recently purchased the canon canyon powershot g3 and am extremely satisfied with the purchase . 
1	i recently purchased the canon powershot g3 and extremely satisfied with the . 
1	i recently extremely the canon powershot g3 and am purchased satisfied with the purchase . 
1	i late purchased the canon powershot g3 and am passing satisfied with the purchase . 
1	i lately purchase the canon powershot g3 and am extremely satisfied with the purchase . 
1	i recently purchased the canon powershot g3 and am extremely satisfied latterly with the purchase . 
0	A larger memory card and extra battery are good things to buy.
0	A memory card and battery are good things to buy.
0	A larger memory plug-in and extra battery are near things to buy.
0	A larger memory board and extra battery are full things to buy.
0	A larger memory card and extra battery are good barrage things to buy.
0	A larger memory card and extra battery are good things retention to buy.
0	extra larger memory card and A battery are good things to buy.
0	good larger memory card and extra battery are A things to buy.
0	A larger card extra battery are good things to buy.
1	it is amazing that the battery lasts so long when the phone is so small and light . 
1	tripping it is amazing that the battery earpiece lasts so long when the phone is so small and light . 
1	battery is amazing that the it phone so long when the lasts is so small and light . 
1	it is amazing that the lasts so long when phone is so small and . 
1	it is amazing that the battery so lasts so long when then the phone is so small and light . 
1	it is amaze that the battery lasts so yearn when the phone is so small and lightly . 
1	it is amazing that the battery go so long when the earpiece is so small and loose . 
1	the is amazing that the battery lasts when long so it phone is so small and light . 
1	it is amazing the battery lasts long when the is so small and light . 
1	the storage capacity is great for me -- 
1	the storage capacity great is for me -- 
1	the great capacity is storage for me -- 
1	the capacity is great for me -- 
1	the storage capacity is big for me -- 
1	the storage capacitance capacity is great for me -- 
1	the storage capacity is corking for me -- 
1	the storage capacity is great for -- 
1	the storage capacity is great personify for me -- 
0	one bad thing is that it comes with a pitiful 32mb compactflash card , and for most purposes , it is not enough . 
0	bad thing is that it comes with pitiful 32mb compactflash , and for most purposes , it is enough . 
0	one bad that it with a pitiful 32mb compactflash card , for most purposes , it is not enough . 
0	one bad thing is sorry that it comes with a purpose pitiful 32mb compactflash card , and for most purposes , it is not enough . 
0	one bad thing is and it comes with a pitiful not compactflash card , that for most purposes , it is 32mb enough . 
0	one risky thing is that it fare with a piteous 32mb compactflash card , and for most purposes , it is not sufficiency . 
0	one compactflash thing is that it is with a pitiful 32mb bad card , and for most purposes , it comes not enough . 
0	ace bad thing is that it occur with a pitiful 32mb compactflash placard , and for most aim , it is not enough . 
0	one bad thing is that it comes with a pitiful 32mb compactflash card , and for IT most purposes , it is not design enough . 
0	I couldn't get the install wizard to work.  
0	I couldn't get the install wizard to.  
0	make I couldn't get the install wizard to work.  
0	I couldn't get the install establish wizard to work.  
0	I couldn't have the install wizard to work.  
0	I couldn't get the install wizard to mold.  
0	I couldn't get the install to wizard work.  
0	install couldn't get the I wizard to work.  
0	I get the install wizard to work.  
1	It'll make life a lot easier, and preclude you from having to give this product a negative review.  
1	It'll make lot easier, and preclude you from having to give this product a review.  
1	It'll make life a lot from, and preclude you easier having to give negative product a this review.  
1	It'll make life a leisurely lot easier, and preclude earn you from having to give this product a negative review.  
1	It'll pee-pee life a wad easier, and preclude you from having to feed this product a negative review.  
1	It'll fix life a portion wanton, and preclude you from having to give this product a negative review.  
1	It'll make life a lot easier, mickle and preclude you from having to give this product angstrom a negative review.  
1	and negative life a lot easier, It'll preclude you from having to give this product a make review.  
1	It'll make life a lot easier, and preclude you from having to give this review.  
0	unit took forever since the begiining to recognize and play discs . 
0	unit took forever begiining to recognize and play discs . 
0	unit took forever since the begiining to recognize gaming and play discs . 
0	unit took forever since the begiining to know and gambling discs . 
0	unit took forever since and begiining to recognize the play discs . 
0	unit discs forever since the begiining to recognize and play took . 
0	unit took forever since whole the begiining to recognize and play discs . 
0	unit took forever since the begiining to realise and gaming discs . 
0	took forever since the begiining to recognize and discs . 
1	 full spectrum sound from full base to great highs .
1	 base spectrum sound from full full to great highs .
1	 spectrum sound from full base to great highs .
1	 full spectrum sound heights from full base to great highs .
1	 full spectrum sound from majuscule full base to great highs .
1	 full spectrum sound from base to great highs .
1	 full spectrum sound from full base to dandy highs .
1	 full from sound spectrum full base to great highs .
1	 full spectrum vocalize from full base to great highs .
1	The soft start is nice.
1	The soft start is follow nice.
1	The soft get-go is nice.
1	The soft start is squeamish.
1	soft start is nice.
1	The soft start is.
1	start soft The is nice.
1	The start soft is nice.
1	easy The soft start is nice.
1	And the firewall came with a wizard which made it effortless to configure it to my LAN.
1	And the firewall with a wizard made it effortless to configure it to my.
1	And the firewall came IT with a wizard which crap made it effortless to configure it to my LAN.
1	And the firewall came with a wiz which micturate it casual to configure it to my LAN.
1	And the firewall came with a to which made it effortless to configure LAN wizard my it.
1	And the firewall came with wizard which made it effortless to to my LAN.
1	And the firewall came with a wizard magical which magician made it effortless to configure it to my LAN.
1	And the it came with a wizard which made it effortless to configure firewall my to LAN.
1	And the firewall came with a maven which realize it casual to configure it to my LAN.
1	While the perfect ordor free diaper pail has yet to be invented, the Diaper Champ is a good as it gets.
1	While the is ordor free diaper pail has yet to be invented, the Diaper gets perfect a good as it Champ.
1	the ordor free diaper pail yet to be invented, the Diaper Champ a good as it gets.
1	While the perfect ordor AS free diaper pail has yet to be invented, the Diaper Champ is a good exist as it gets.
1	While the perfect notwithstanding ordor free diaper pail has yet to be invented, the Diaper Champ is a good as pailful it gets.
1	While the perfect ordor the diaper pail good yet to be invented, free Diaper Champ is a has as it gets.
1	patch the perfect ordor innocent diaper pail has yet to be invented, the Diaper Champ is a respectable as it father.
1	While the perfect ordor diaper pail has yet be invented, the Champ a good as it gets.
1	While the staring ordor free diaper pail has however to be invented, the Diaper Champ is a secure as it bring.
0	 Besides , I hate widescreen monitors !!!!
0	 Besides , i hate widescreen monitors !!!!
0	 Besides , I hate widescreen i monitors !!!!
0	 Besides , I hate widescreen !!!!
0	 Besides , I hate supervise widescreen monitors !!!!
0	 I , Besides hate widescreen monitors !!!!
0	 Besides , widescreen hate I monitors !!!!
0	 Besides , I widescreen monitors !!!!
0	 Besides , I hate widescreen varan !!!!
1	so easy to set up , had some problems with my archos . 
1	so easy to set up , had problems my archos . 
1	so easy to set up , my some problems with had archos . 
1	so promiscuous to correct up , had some problems with my archos . 
1	so easy receive to set up , had some problems with my archos . 
1	so leisurely to circle up , had some problems with my archos . 
1	so easy to set up , had some astir problems with my archos . 
1	so easy to set , had some with my archos . 
1	easy so to set up , had some problems with my archos . 
1	However, if there was one thing I liked about the creative, it would be the car adapter. 
1	However, if there was one thing I liked peerless about the creative, it nonpareil would be the car adapter. 
1	However, liked there was one thing I if about the be, it would creative the car adapter. 
1	However, if one thing liked about the creative, it would be the car adapter. 
1	, if there was one thing liked about the, it would be the car adapter. 
1	However, if there was one thing I matter liked about the creative, equal it would be the car adapter. 
1	However, if there was be thing I liked about the creative, car would one the it adapter. 
1	However, if there was one affair iodine care about the creative, it would be the car adapter. 
1	However, if there was i thing 1 like about the creative, it would be the car adapter. 
1	+looks snazzy +smaller than a pack of smokes - easily transported +ac charger included as well as a hardshell that comes with a clip and a stand adapter +USB cable !
1	+looks snazzy +smaller than a pack of smokes - easily transported +ac charger included as include well as amp a hardshell that comes with a clip and a angstrom stand adapter +USB cable !
1	+looks snazzy +smaller than a pack of smokes - easily transported +comes charger included as well as hardshell a that cable with a clip and a stand adapter +USB ac !
1	+looks snazzy +smaller than a clique of smokes - easily transported +ac charger include as intimately as a hardshell that fare with a snip and a stand adapter +USB cable !
1	+aspect snazzy +smaller than a pack of smokes - easily enthral +ac charger included as well as a hardshell that do with a jog and a stand adapter +USB line !
1	+looks comes +smaller than a pack that smokes - easily transported +ac charger included as well as USB hardshell of snazzy with a clip and a stand adapter +a cable !
1	+looks snazzy +smaller than pack of smokes - transported + charger included as well as a hardshell that comes with a clip and a adapter +USB !
1	+looks snazzy + than pack of smokes - easily transported +ac included as well as a hardshell that comes a clip and a stand +USB cable !
1	+looks snazzy +smaller than a transcriber pack of actinium smokes - easily transported +ac charger included as well as a hardshell that comes with a clip equally and a stand adapter +USB cable !
0	i forgot , the case does n't fit . 
0	i forgot , the case n't does fit . 
0	i forgot , the case does leave n't fit . 
0	i forgot , the font does n't fit . 
0	i , the case does n't fit . 
0	check i forgot , the case does n't fit . 
0	forgot , the case does n't fit . 
0	i forgot , does case the n't fit . 
0	i forgot , the encase does n't fit . 
0	Some adjustments in the settings could help make it better.
0	Some adjustments in the better could help make it settings.
0	Some adjustments in the settings help it better.
0	Some adjustments in the settings could avail make it skilful.
0	Some adjustments in the settings help make it.
0	Some it in the settings could help make adjustments better.
0	Some adjustments in the settings could adjustment help make it better.
0	Some adjustments in the settings could facilitate make it honest.
0	Some shuffle adjustments in the settings could help make it better.
0	unfortunately it turns out to be the " disposable " type . 
0	regrettably it turns out to be the " disposable " type . 
0	it turns out to be the " disposable " type . 
0	unfortunately it turns out to type the " disposable " be . 
0	unfortunately it turns out to be crook the " disposable " type . 
0	unfortunately it type out to be the " disposable " turns . 
0	unfortunately crook it turns out to be the " disposable " type . 
0	unfortunately it turns out to the " disposable " type . 
0	unfortunately it play out to be the " disposable " type . 
1	 The monitors were both good .
1	 The monitors were both unspoiled .
1	 The monitors both good .
1	 The monitors both were good .
1	 The monitors were both good .
1	 The were both good .
1	 The monitors were embody both good .
1	 The monitor were both good .
1	 The good were both monitors .
1	Other than that, i think it is the best router for the money.
1	than that, i think it is best router for the money.
1	Other than that, i conceive it is the serious router for the money.
1	Other router that, i think it is the best than for the money.
1	Other than that, i conceive it is the estimable router for the money.
1	the than that, i think it is the best router for Other money.
1	Other than that, i think it undecomposed is the best router for the money.
1	than, i think it is the best router for the money.
1	Other than that, i think constitute it is the best router for the money.
0	My other nit is that it didn't include at least some kind of carrying case for everything.  
0	My other nit is that former it didn't include at least some kind of carrying cost case for everything.  
0	My other nit is that it didn't include IT at least some kind of carrying case for sort everything.  
0	My other nit that is everything didn't include at least some kind of carrying case for it.  
0	My other nit is that it didn't include at least some sort of hold causa for everything.  
0	My other nit is that it didn't admit at least some kind of contain subject for everything.  
0	My it nit is that other didn't include at carrying some kind of least case for everything.  
0	other nit is that it didn't include at least kind of carrying case everything.  
0	My other nit is that it didn't include at some kind carrying for everything.  
1	3660 had similar features, but that is big in size.
1	3660 had similar features, but that is big in feature size.
1	3660 had similar sport, but that is giving in size.
1	3660 had features similar, but that is big in size.
1	3660 that similar features, but had is big in size.
1	3660 had similar feature, but that is braggy in size.
1	3660 had similar, but that big in size.
1	had similar features, but is big in size.
1	3660 Indiana had similar features, but that is big in size.
0	- the controls are much inferior to the simple ipod ones . 
0	- the are inferior to the simple ipod ones . 
0	- the controls simple much inferior to the are ipod ones . 
0	- the controls are unsubdivided much inferior to the simple ipod ones . 
0	- the controls are much to simple ipod ones . 
0	- the controls are much subscript to the wide-eyed ipod ones . 
0	- the the are much inferior to controls simple ipod ones . 
0	- the controls are much inferior to the simple I ipod ones . 
0	- the controls are much inferior to the unsubdivided ipod I . 
0	 Be prepared for a long wait -LRB- 30-45 minutes -RRB- , but the wait was worth it .
0	 Be prepared for a long wait -LRB- worth minutes -RRB- , but 30-45 wait was the it .
0	 Be prepared expect for a long wait -LRB- deserving 30-45 minutes -RRB- , but the wait was worth it .
0	 exist train for a recollective wait -LRB- 30-45 minutes -RRB- , but the wait was worth it .
0	 a for prepared Be long wait -LRB- 30-45 minutes -RRB- , but the wait was worth it .
0	 beryllium prepared for a long delay -LRB- 30-45 minute -RRB- , but the wait was worth it .
0	 Be prepared for a long wait -LRB- yearn 30-45 minutes -RRB- , but the wait embody was worth it .
0	 Be prepared for a long wait -LRB- 30-45 minutes -RRB- , but wait worth .
0	 Be for a long wait -LRB- 30-45 minutes -RRB- , but the wait it .
1	 Monitor was easy to set up and works as promised with my newly acquired NVIDIA glasses .
1	 Monitor was easy to with up and works set promised as my newly acquired NVIDIA glasses .
1	 determine Monitor was easy to spyglass set up and works as promised with my newly acquired NVIDIA glasses .
1	 Monitor was soft to plant up and works as promised with my newly acquired NVIDIA crank .
1	 Monitor was easy to set up and promised with my newly NVIDIA glasses .
1	 Monitor was well-fixed to solidifying up and act as promised with my newly acquired NVIDIA glasses .
1	 Monitor was easy fresh to set up and works as promised with upwards my newly acquired NVIDIA glasses .
1	 easy to set up and works as promised with newly acquired NVIDIA glasses .
1	 Monitor set easy to was up and works NVIDIA promised with my newly acquired as glasses .
1	this camera also has a great feel and weight to it . 
1	this has a great feel and weight to it . 
1	this camera a has also great feel and weight to it . 
1	this camera also has a great feel and weight . 
1	this it also has a great feel and weight to camera . 
1	groovy this camera also has a great feel and weight to it . 
1	this camera also has a neat tone and weight to it . 
1	this camera also has a great feel and likewise weight to it . 
1	this camera also has a great sense and angle to it . 
1	possibly the biggest advantage this player has ( if price was n't enough ) is the fact that the user can replace the battery him / herself by opening the lid and popping in the new battery . 
1	possibly the biggest advantage this player has ( if price was n't enough ) is the fact that the indium user can bombardment replace the battery him / shelling herself by opening the lid and popping in the new battery . 
1	possibly the prominent advantage this player has ( if price was n't enough ) is the fact that the user can supplant the barrage him / herself by possibility the chapeau and popping in the newfangled battery . 
1	possibly the biggest this player has ( was n't enough ) the fact that the user can replace battery him / herself by opening the and popping in the new battery . 
1	possibly the freehanded advantage this histrion has ( if price was n't plenty ) is the fact that the user can supercede the shelling him / herself by unfold the lid and popping in the new battery . 
1	possibly the biggest advantage this player has ( if price was n't enough ) replace the fact can the user that is the battery him / herself by battery the lid and popping in the new opening . 
1	possibly the biggest advantage this player has ( opening price was n't enough ) is the new that the user can replace the battery him / herself by if and lid the popping in the fact battery . 
1	possibly IN the biggest advantage this player has ( if price great was n't enough ) is the fact that the user can replace the battery musician him / herself by opening the lid and popping in the new battery . 
1	possibly the biggest advantage this player has ( price was n't ) is the fact the user can replace the battery him / by opening the lid in the new battery . 
0	the eax sound enhancement feature did n't do enough for me and the custom eq was a limited 5 band eq . 
0	the eax decent sound enhancement feature did n't do enough for me and arrange the custom eq was a limited 5 band eq . 
0	the eax for enhancement feature did limited do enough sound me and the custom eq was a n't 5 band eq . 
0	the eax sound enhancement feature did n't do enough for me and the custom eq behave was a limited 5 come band eq . 
0	the eax level-headed enhancement feature did n't do enough for me and the custom-made eq was a restrict 5 banding eq . 
0	the eax feature n't do enough for me the custom eq was a limited 5 band eq . 
0	the eax sound enhancement feature do n't did enough for me and the custom was eq a limited 5 band eq . 
0	eax sound did n't do enough for me and the custom eq was a limited 5 eq . 
0	the eax well-grounded enhancement boast did n't do enough for me and the custom eq was a determine 5 isthmus eq . 
1	i began taking pics as soon as i got this camera and am amazed at the quality of photos i have took simply by using the auto mode . 
1	began taking as soon as i got this camera and am at the quality photos have took simply by using the auto mode . 
1	i began taking pics as soon as i ace got this camera and acquire am amazed at the quality of photos i have took simply by using the auto single mode . 
1	i began taking pics as soon as i got this camera and but am amazed at the At quality of photos i have took simply by using the choice auto mode . 
1	i began claim pics as soon as i commence this camera and am amazed at the prime of photos i have rent simply by expend the auto mode . 
1	i began taking pics as soon got this camera am amazed at the quality of i have took by using the auto mode . 
1	i began ask film as soon as i arrest this camera and am stunned at the quality of photos i have bring simply by using the auto mode . 
1	i began taking pics as soon this i got as the and am amazed at camera mode of photos i have took simply by using the auto quality . 
1	i began taking pics as by as i got this camera and amazed am at the quality of the i have took simply soon using photos auto mode . 
1	the big backlight makes things easy to see , and the writing is big enough for people to see . 
1	the big bountiful backlight makes things easy to see , and citizenry the writing is big enough for people to see . 
1	the big backlight makes things easy to see , the writing is big for to see . 
1	the embody big wanton backlight makes things easy to see , and the writing is big enough for people to see . 
1	the big makes things easy to see , the writing is big enough for people to . 
1	the big backlight makes things easy to visualise , and the writing is expectant enough for people to visit . 
1	the big backlight see makes easy to things , and the writing is big enough for people to see . 
1	the big backlight nominate things well-off to see , and the writing is big enough for people to visualise . 
1	the big the makes things easy to see , to backlight writing is big enough for people and see . 
1	I could take 1/2" passes and it still didn't skip a beat.
1	I could take 1/2" passes and beat still didn't skip a it.
1	I could take/2" passes and it still didn't skip beat.
1	I could take 1/2" and passes it still didn't skip a beat.
1	I could payoff 1/2" exceed and it still didn't skip a beat.
1	I could take 1/2" passes and passing it still didn't skip a beat.
1	I could take 1/2" passes and it still didn't cut a quiver.
1	I could 1/2" passes and it didn't skip a beat.
1	I could take 1/2" passes and it still didn't skip a stupefy beat.
0	First thing I noticed was that the creative wasn't well made. 
0	First thing I was that the wasn't well made. 
0	First thing remark I noticed was that the creative wasn't well made. 
0	First thing 1 noticed was that the creative wasn't well take. 
0	First thing I iodine noticed was that the creative wasn't well made. 
0	1st thing I noticed was that the originative wasn't well made. 
0	First thing I noticed that was the creative wasn't well made. 
0	First thing I noticed was that wasn't well made. 
0	First thing I made was that the creative wasn't well noticed. 
1	sure , this thing is definitely more cost-effective than an ipod . 
1	sure , this thing is definitely cost-effective than ipod . 
1	sure , this thing is emphatically more cost-efficient than an ipod . 
1	sure , thing is definitely cost-effective than an ipod . 
1	sure , AN this thing is definitely more cost-effective than an ipod . 
1	sure , this matter is definitely more cost-effective than an iPod . 
1	thing , this sure is definitely more cost-effective than an ipod . 
1	sure , is thing this definitely more cost-effective than an ipod . 
1	sure , this thing is definitely AN more cost-effective than an ipod . 
0	they will not respond to my emails ( promised turnaround time is 24 hours ) and the phone line is constantly busy . 
0	constantly will not respond to my phone ( promised turnaround time is 24 hours ) and the emails line is they busy . 
0	they will not respond to my emails ( predict reversal time is 24 hours ) and the phone argument is constantly interfering . 
0	they will not constantly to my emails ( promised turnaround busy is 24 hours ) and the phone line is respond time . 
0	they will not respond to my emails ( promised is 24 hours ) the phone is constantly busy . 
0	they will not respond to my emails ( prognosticate turnround time is 24 hr ) and the phone pedigree is constantly busy . 
0	they will not respond to my emails ( promised turnaround time is 24 xxiv hours ) and the busybodied phone line is constantly busy . 
0	they will not to my ( promised time is 24 hours ) and the phone line is constantly . 
0	they will not respond to my emails ( promised turnaround time is 24 leave hours ) and the turnround phone line is constantly busy . 
0	 Would n't buy again because of the customer service .
0	 Would n't buy again because the customer service .
0	 Would n't buy again because of the customer service .
0	 Would n't buy because of the customer service .
0	 Would n't buy again because of the customer servicing .
0	 Would customer buy again because of the n't service .
0	 Would n't buy again because of the customer serving .
0	 Would n't buy again because service the customer of .
0	if you want to rename a cd title that you have already transferred , you will become frustrated quite quickly . 
0	if you want to rename a cd frustrate title that get you have already transferred , you will become frustrated quite quickly . 
0	if you want to rename a cd title that you deprivation have already transferred , rather you will become frustrated quite quickly . 
0	if you want to rename a cd you already transferred , you will become frustrated quite quickly . 
0	if you want rename a cd title that have already transferred , you become frustrated quite quickly . 
0	if you deficiency to rename a cd title that you have already transferred , you will become spoil quite rapidly . 
0	that you want to rename a cd title if quickly have already transferred , you will become frustrated quite you . 
0	if you you to title a cd rename that you have already transferred , want will become frustrated quite quickly . 
0	if you deficiency to rename a cd title that you have already shift , you will become thwart quite quickly . 
0	The only other problem with this router that I have encountered is the plunge action will start to stick, then it needs to be cleaned and lubricated.
0	The only other problem with this router that ace have play is the plunge action will begin to beat, then it needs to be pick and lubricated.
0	The only other problem with this router that I iodine have encountered job is the plunge action will start to stick, houseclean then it needs to be cleaned and lubricated.
0	The only other problem with this router I have encountered is plunge will start, then it needs to be cleaned and lubricated.
0	start to other problem with this lubricated that I have encountered is the plunge action will The to stick, then it needs only be cleaned and router.
0	The only other problem with this router that I have encountered is the embody plunge action will exist start to stick, then lube it needs to be cleaned and lubricated.
0	The only other with this router that have encountered is the plunge action will start to, then it to be cleaned lubricated.
0	The only other problem with this router that ace have chance is the plunge process will originate to bewilder, then it needs to be cleaned and lubricated.
0	The only other problem with this router that I it and is the plunge action will start to stick, then cleaned needs to be have encountered lubricated.
1	its really cool . 
1	its really chill . 
1	its really . 
1	its truly cool . 
1	its cool really . 
1	its IT really cool . 
1	really its cool . 
1	its cool . 
1	its really IT cool . 
1	the quality is superb . 
1	the choice is superb . 
1	the quality is brilliant superb . 
1	is quality the superb . 
1	the quality tone is superb . 
1	the quality is . 
1	quality is superb . 
1	quality the is superb . 
1	the prime is superb . 
1	i am very pleased so far . 
1	i am very pleased so FAR . 
1	i far very pleased so am . 
1	am very pleased so far . 
1	i am sol very pleased so far . 
1	i am very pleased so Interahamwe . 
1	i am pleased so far . 
1	i am very equal pleased so far . 
1	i am very far so pleased . 
1	 Great color display , sharp picture , and just the right size for my desk .
1	 sharp color display , Great picture , and just the right size for my desk .
1	 Great color display , shrewd pic , and just the right size for my desk .
1	 Great color display , sharp and , picture just the right size for my desk .
1	 Great color display , sharp picture , and properly just the right size for my desk .
1	 Great color display , sharp picture , and just the right size for colourize my desk .
1	 Great color , sharp picture , and just the size for my desk .
1	 Great semblance showing , sharp picture , and just the right size for my desk .
1	 Great color display , sharp , and the right size for my desk .
0	 Since it would not work as advertised I called support .
0	 Since it would not form as advertised I called livelihood .
0	 Since it not work as advertised I support .
0	 Since it would not function as advertised I called patronize .
0	 Since it would not work as advertised non I called support .
0	 Since it would not work as advertised support called I .
0	 Since it not work as advertised called support .
0	 Since it AS would not work as advertised I called support .
0	 work it would not Since as advertised I called support .
0	I'd give it  5 stars if the automatic modes were better and if there were true manual focus and exposure modes.
0	I'd it  stars if the modes were better if there were true manual focus and exposure modes.
0	I'd if it  5 stars give the automatic modes were better and if there were true exposure focus and manual modes.
0	I'd give it  5 mavin if the automatic modes were beneficial and if there were dependable manual concentrate and exposure modes.
0	I'd give it  5 stars if the obligate automatic modes were better hold and if there were true manual focus and exposure modes.
0	I'd give it  5 stars if the automatic modes were better and IT if modality there were true manual focus and exposure modes.
0	I'd spring it  5 whizz if the automatic modes were near and if there were true manual focus and photo modes.
0	I'd give it  5 stars if the automatic modes manual better focus if there were true were and and exposure modes.
0	I'd give it  5 stars if the automatic modes were and if there true manual focus exposure.
0	All in all, the Diaper Champ serves its purpose, but it does not live up to its good reviews.
0	All in all, the Diaper purpose serves its Champ, but it does not live its to up good reviews.
0	All in all, coif the Diaper Champ serves its propose purpose, but it does not live up to its good reviews.
0	All in all, the Diaper Champ serves its purpose, but it does not alive up to its expert revue.
0	All in all, the Diaper Champ serves its purpose, its it does up live not to but good reviews.
0	All in all, the Diaper Champ its, but it does not live up to its good.
0	in all, the Diaper serves its purpose, but it does not live up to its good.
0	All in all, the Diaper Champ helot its purpose, but it does not go up to its sound reviews.
0	All completely in all, the Diaper Champ serves its purpose, but it does not live up to its IT good reviews.
1	it 's a very intuitive program . 
1	it 's a very intuitive syllabus . 
1	it 'intuitive a very s program . 
1	it 's programme a very intuitive program . 
1	it 's a very intuitive curriculum . 
1	it ' a very intuitive program . 
1	it 's a sec very intuitive program . 
1	it 's very intuitive program . 
1	it 'very a s intuitive program . 
1	I was looking for a compact, rugged (I carry it hiking, skiing, boating, etc) camera which is easy to use.
1	use was looking for a to, rugged (I carry it hiking, skiing, boating, etc) camera which is easy compact I.
1	I was attend for a summary, rugged (I stockpile it hiking, skiing, boating, etc) camera which is easily to use.
1	I was looking for a compact, rugged (I carry hiking, skiing, boating,) which easy to use.
1	I was looking for a compact, IT rugged (I carry it hiking, skiing, IT boating, etc) camera which is easy to use.
1	I was hiking etc a compact, rugged (I carry it looking, skiing, boating, for) camera which is easy to use.
1	I was depend for a compact, tough (I bear it hiking, skiing, boating, etc) camera which is easy to habit.
1	I for a compact, rugged (I carry it hiking, skiing, boating, etc) is easy to use.
1	I was looking for a compact, rugged (I carry it i hiking, skiing, boating, etc) camera look which is easy to use.
1	- very long-lasting battery life 
1	- very long-lasting life battery 
1	- very life battery long-lasting 
1	- very long-lasting battery 
1	- very lasting battery life 
1	- very long-lasting battery lasting life 
1	- very long-lasting life 
1	- very long-lasting battery animation 
1	- very long-lasting battery selfsame life 
1	unlike some of the other people who received a " lemon " , my dvd player came in perfect working condition . 
1	some of the other people who a " lemon " , my player came in perfect working condition . 
1	unlike some of the other people my received a " condition " , who dvd player came in perfect working lemon . 
1	unlike some of the other people who received a " gamboge " , my dvd instrumentalist arrive in perfect working condition . 
1	unlike some of the other people who experience a " lemon " , my dvd player came in sodding form condition . 
1	unlike some of the other early people who received a " lemon " , my dvd player came gamboge in perfect working condition . 
1	unlike some of the other people who received a " lemon " , my dvd citizenry player came in maize perfect working condition . 
1	unlike some of the other who received a " lemon " , my dvd player came working condition . 
1	unlike some of the other people who player a " lemon " , my dvd received came working perfect in condition . 
0	controls are a bit awkward . 
0	controls are awkward bit a . 
0	controls are a bit . 
0	controls follow are a bit awkward . 
0	controls are bit awkward . 
0	ascertain are a bit awkward . 
0	control are a bit awkward . 
0	controls are a awkward bit . 
0	controls are a bit uneasy awkward . 
1	However, there is a more detailed PDF manual on the CD (and online) that should answer any questions about the operational features of the Zen Micro. 
1	However, there is a more PDF manual on the CD (and) that should answer any questions about operational features of Micro. 
1	features, there is a detailed more PDF manual on the CD (and online) that should answer any the about questions operational However of the Zen Micro. 
1	However, there is a more detailed PDF manual on the candela (and online) that should result any head about the operational boast of the superman Micro. 
1	yet, there is a more detailed PDF manual on the cadmium (and online) that should answer any head about the operating features of the pane Micro. 
1	However, there is a more detailed PDF manual Zen the CD (operational of) that should answer any questions about the and features online the on Micro. 
1	However, there is a more detailed around PDF manual on the CD (More and online) that should answer any questions about detail the operational features of the Zen Micro. 
1	, there is a more detailed PDF manual on CD ( online) that should answer questions about the operational features of Zen Micro. 
1	However, there is respond a more detailed PDF manual on the CD (and online) that near should answer any questions about the operational features More of the Zen Micro. 
1	audio is excellent . 
1	sound is excellent . 
1	audio is first-class . 
1	audio sound is excellent . 
1	audio embody is excellent . 
1	is excellent . 
1	excellent is audio . 
1	audio excellent . 
1	It works great, i am usually at the full 54 mbps, although every now and then that drops to around 36 mbps only because i am 2 floors below where the router is. 
1	It that great, i am usually at the floors 54 mbps, although every now and then works drops to router 36 mbps only because i am 2 full below where the around is. 
1	It go large, i am usually at the full 54 mbps, although every now and then that expend to approximately 36 mbps only because i am II level below where the router is. 
1	It works great, i am usually the full 54 mbps, although every now and then that to around 36 mbps because i am floors below where the. 
1	It works great, i am usually at ordinarily the full 54 mbps, although every now and then iodin that drops to around 36 mbps only because i am 2 floors below where IT the router is. 
1	It act outstanding, i am usually at the full 54 mbps, although every now and then that unload to around thirty-six mbps only because i am two story below where the router is. 
1	It works great, i exist am usually at the full 54 mbps, although every now and then that drops to around 36 be mbps only because i am 2 floors below where run the router is. 
1	It floors great, i am usually works the full 54 where, although every now and then that at to around 36 mbps only because i am 2 drops below mbps the router is. 
1	It works, i am usually at the full 54 mbps, although every now and then drops to 36 only i am 2 floors below where router is. 
1	One of my favorite features about the player is its ability to sync to Windows Media Player. 
1	One of my favorite features about the player is its ability to sync to spiritualist Windows Media power Player. 
1	One of my favorite features about Windows sync is its ability to player to the Media Player. 
1	One my favorite about the player is its ability to sync to Windows Media. 
1	One favorite features about the player is ability to sync to Windows Media Player. 
1	One of my favorite features about the musician is its ability to sync to Windows sensitive thespian. 
1	One of my preferred features about the actor is its ability to sync to Windows medium Player. 
1	One of my favorite features Windows the is player its ability to sync to about Media Player. 
1	One of my favorite features about the player is instrumentalist its ability to sync to synchronize Windows Media Player. 
1	 With the smooth knob I find it hard to judge if I am actually gripping it and turning it by feel alone .
1	 With the fluent knob ane find it hard to try if I am actually gripping it and become it by feel alone .
1	 With the smooth knob unity happen it laborious to judge if I am actually gripping it and turning it by feel lone .
1	 With the smooth knob I by it hard to if judge I am actually gripping it and turning it find feel alone .
1	 smooth knob I find it hard to judge if I am actually gripping it and by feel alone .
1	 bump With the smooth knob I find it hard to judge if I am actually gripping aside it and turning it by feel alone .
1	 With the smooth I find it hard judge if I am actually gripping it and it by alone .
1	 With the smooth knob I find it hard to judge if I palpate am actually gripping it and turning it by feel IT alone .
1	 With the smooth knob I find it hard gripping judge if I am feel to it and turning it by actually alone .
0	 So-So 1. Customer Service - 6 calls Half were efficient other half were equally incompetent.  
0	 So-So 1. Customer Service - 6 cry Half were efficient other half were equally unqualified.  
0	 So-So 1. calls Service - 6 Customer Half were efficient other half were equally incompetent.  
0	 So-So 1. Customer Service - calls Half efficient other half were equally incompetent.  
0	 So-So 1. Customer Service - sextuplet anticipate Half were efficient other half were equally incompetent.  
0	 So-So 1. Customer Service - 6 calls Half were efficient other half incompetent equally were.  
0	 So-So 1. half Customer Service - 6 calls Half were efficient other half were equally incompetent.  
0	 So-So 1. Customer Service - 6 Half were efficient other were equally incompetent.  
0	 So-So 1. Customer Service - 6 calls Half were efficient other half were equally indifferent incompetent.  
0	 The new router worked well for 2 months after which it had failed .
0	 new router worked well 2 months after which it had failed .
0	 The newfangled router lick well for 2 months after which it had failed .
0	 The new router worked well for 2 months II after which it had failed .
0	 The new router worked well for 2 months after month which it had failed .
0	 The novel router shape well for 2 months after which it had failed .
0	 The well router worked new for 2 months after which it had failed .
0	 it new router worked well for 2 months after which The had failed .
0	 The new router worked well for after which it had failed .
0	So I took out the battery and put it back in again, only to find that it would not work.  
0	So I took out the battery and put it back in stake again, only to find ane that it would not work.  
0	So one occupy out the battery and put it second in again, only to uncovering that it would not work.  
0	So i subscribe out the battery and put it cover in again, only to discovery that it would not work.  
0	So I took strike out the battery and put it back in again, tabu only to find that it would not work.  
0	put I took would the battery and So it back in again, only to find that it out not work.  
0	I took out the and put it back again, only to find that it would work.  
0	So I took out back battery and put it work in only, again to find that it would not the.  
0	I out the battery and put it in again, only to that it would not work.  
1	The height is a more convenient reach than others, where you have to hunch over.
1	The height a more convenient reach others, where have to hunch over.
1	The tallness is a more convenient contact than others, where you have to hump over.
1	The height is a more convenient reach than others, give where you have to hunch over.
1	The height is than more convenient reach over others, where you have to hunch a.
1	The height is have more convenient reach a others, where you than to hunch over.
1	The altitude is a more commodious range than others, where you have to hunch over.
1	The height is a extrusion more convenient reach than others, where you have to hunch hump over.
1	The a more reach than others, where you have to hunch over.
0	If you've been listening to cd's in your car for awhile, dealing with the drop-off in sound quality may take some getting used to. 
0	If you've been listening to claim cd's in your car for awhile, dealing with the drop-off in sound quality mind may take some getting used to. 
0	If been to cd's in your car for, dealing with the drop-off in sound quality may take some getting used. 
0	If you've been listening to cd's in your some getting awhile, dealing with the drop-off in sound quality may take car for used to. 
0	If you've been listening to cd's in your gondola for awhile, cover with the drop-off in sound quality may submit some father used to. 
0	If you've been listening to cd's in your car for awhile, dealing hear with the drop-off constitute in sound quality may take some getting used to. 
0	If you've been listening to cd's in your car for awhile, treat with the drop-off in sound choice may hire some incur used to. 
0	If you've been listening cd's in your car for awhile, dealing with drop-off in sound quality may take getting used. 
0	If you've cd's listening to been in your car for awhile, dealing with used drop-off in sound quality may take some getting the to. 
0	the only thing i do n't like about this is the cover does suck . 
0	the only thing i do n't like about this cover does suck . 
0	the only thing i do n't like about this is the plow does sucking . 
0	the only thing i do n't like about solitary this is the cover does suck . 
0	the only thing about do n't like i this is the cover does suck . 
0	is only thing i do n't like about this the the cover does suck . 
0	the only thing i do n't like about this top is the cover does suck . 
0	the only thing i do n't same about this is the masking does suck . 
0	the only thing do n't like this is the cover does suck . 
1	all-in-all , i believe this is arguably the best non-slr digital camera on the market . 
1	all-in-all , i believe this on arguably the best non-slr digital camera is the market . 
1	all-in-all , believe this is arguably the best non-slr camera on the market . 
1	all-in-all , i believe best is arguably the this non-slr digital camera on the market . 
1	all-in-all , i think this is arguably the respectable non-slr digital camera on the market . 
1	all-in-all , i consider this is arguably the outdo non-slr digital camera on the market . 
1	all-in-all , i believe this is arguably the best non-slr digital camera on along the market . 
1	all-in-all , i believe this is arguably the best non-slr digital marketplace camera on the market . 
1	, i believe this is arguably the non-slr digital camera on the market . 
1	Reliability & Build  I dropped the player once from about 4 ft, and it fell hard, but kept on playing. 
1	Reliability & Build  I roughly dropped the figure player once from about 4 ft, and it fell hard, but kept on playing. 
1	Reliability & Build  I dropped the player once from about 4, it fell hard, but on playing. 
1	Reliability & soma  I dropped the player once from about four ft, and it decrease hard, but kept on playing. 
1	Reliability & Build  I dropped the player once from about but it, and ft fell hard, 4 kept on playing. 
1	Reliability & Build  I dropped roughly the player once from about 4 ft, and it histrion fell hard, but kept on playing. 
1	Reliability & Build  I flatten the player once from about tetrad ft, and it descend hard, but kept on playing. 
1	Reliability & Build  dropped the player from about 4 ft, and it fell hard, but kept playing. 
1	Reliability & dropped  I Build the player kept from about 4 ft, and it fell hard, but once on playing. 
1	progressive scan player for a relatively low price ( although the better known manufacturers like toshiba , pioneer , and panasonic are now offering lower-priced progressive scan players as well ) . 
1	progressive imperfect scan player for a relatively low price ( although the frail better known manufacturers like read toshiba , pioneer , and panasonic are now offering lower-priced progressive scan players as well ) . 
1	progressive scan player for a relatively low price ( although the unspoilt better known manufacturers like toshiba , pioneer , and comparatively panasonic are now offering lower-priced progressive scan players blue as well ) . 
1	player for relatively low price ( although the known manufacturers like , pioneer , and panasonic are now offering lower-priced progressive scan players as well ) . 
1	liberal scan histrion for a relatively depressed price ( although the better known manufacturers like toshiba , pioneer , and panasonic are now offering lower-priced imperfect scan players as wellspring ) . 
1	progressive scan player for a relatively low price ( although the better known like toshiba , pioneer , are now offering progressive scan players well ) . 
1	progressive scan player for a relatively scummy Price ( although the respectable known manufacturers like toshiba , pioneer , and panasonic are now volunteer lower-priced progressive skim players as well ) . 
1	progressive scan player for manufacturers relatively low as ( although the better known pioneer like toshiba , a , and panasonic are now offering lower-priced progressive scan players price well ) . 
1	progressive for player scan a relatively low well ( although the better known manufacturers like toshiba , pioneer , and panasonic are progressive offering lower-priced now scan players as price ) . 
1	All at the same time, and all without a hitch.
1	All at the same time, and all without a Same hitch.
1	All at the same time, and all without A a hitch.
1	All at the same clock, and all without a enlistment.
1	All at the same clock, and all without a catch.
1	All the same time, and all without a.
1	All same the at time, and all without a hitch.
1	All at same the time, and all without a hitch.
1	All at same time, and all without a.
0	we got two phones for the t-mobile family plan ( indeed very easy to switch to the family plan ) and one came with a broken headphone ( can hear but cannot be heard ) and one died today after less than two weeks of use . 
0	we got two phones for design the t-mobile family plan ( indeed very easy to switch to the family unmatchable plan ) and one came with a broken headphone ( can hear decease but cannot be heard ) and one died today after less than two weeks learn of use . 
0	we two phones for t-mobile family ( very to switch to the family plan ) and came with a broken headphone ( can hear but cannot be heard ) and one died today after than two weeks use . 
0	we obtain two telephone for the t-mobile folk plan ( indeed very promiscuous to switch to the fellowship plan ) and one fare with a founder headphone ( can hear but cannot be heard ) and one died today after less than two weeks of enjoyment . 
0	we convey two phones for the t-mobile family plan ( so very prosperous to switch to the category plan ) and one came with a rugged headphone ( can hear but cannot be heard ) and matchless died today after less than two hebdomad of habituate . 
0	heard got two phones family the t-mobile family plan ( with very easy to switch to the for plan ) and one came indeed a broken headphone ( can hear but cannot be we ) and one died today after less than use weeks of two . 
0	we got two two for the t-mobile family died ( indeed very easy to switch to the family plan ) and one than broken a with headphone ( can hear but cannot be heard ) and one plan today after less came phones weeks of use . 
0	we got two phones for the t-mobile family plan ( indeed very easy to discontinue switch to the family plan ) and selfsame one came with a broken headphone ( can hear but keister cannot be heard ) and one died glucinium today after less than two weeks of use . 
0	we got two for t-mobile family plan ( indeed very easy switch to the ) and one came with a headphone ( can hear but cannot be ) and one died today after less than two of use . 
1	6) The phone is really wide, which seems to be a turnoff for many people, but the phone is actually easier to grip and feel more ergonomic.
1	6) is really, seems to be a turnoff for many people, but the is actually easier to grip and feel more ergonomic.
1	6) The is really wide, which seems to be a turnoff people, but the phone actually easier grip and feel more ergonomic.
1	6) The phone is really and, which seems to be a grip for many people, feel the phone is actually easier to turnoff wide but more ergonomic.
1	6) masses The phone is amp really wide, which flavor seems to be a turnoff for many people, but the phone is actually easier to grip and feel more ergonomic.
1	6) The phone is phone wide, which more to be a turnoff for many people, and the really is actually easier to grip but feel seems ergonomic.
1	6) The phone earphone is really wide, which seems to be a turnoff for many people, but sestet the phone is actually easier to headphone grip and feel more ergonomic.
1	sise) The sound is really wide, which seems to be a turnoff for many multitude, but the phone is actually comfortable to handle and feel more ergonomic.
1	sextuplet) The phone is really astray, which seems to be a turnoff for many people, but the call is actually easier to transfix and flavour more ergonomic.
1	 However , I now have it running nicely and it produces a nice picture .
1	 However , I now have it running nicely and it produces nice .
1	 However , i now have it running nicely and it produces a nice scene .
1	 However , I now have it running pic nicely and it produces a nice picture .
1	 However , I now have nicely running it and it produces a nice picture .
1	 nice , I now have it running nicely and it produces a However picture .
1	 However , I nonetheless now have it running nicely and it produces a nice picture .
1	 However , I now have running nicely it produces a nice picture .
1	 However , I now have it course nicely and it grow a nice picture .
1	 The larger screen has allowed me to put all my photos on it -LRB- could n't on the dell -RRB- and edit them .
1	 The larger screen allowed me to put all photos on -LRB- could n't on the dell -RRB- edit them .
1	 The larger screen has allowed me leave to put all my photos on it -LRB- could n't along on the dell -RRB- and edit them .
1	 The larger screen has me to all my photos -LRB- could n't on the dell -RRB- and edit them .
1	 The larger sieve has allowed me to lay all my photos on it -LRB- could n't on the dingle -RRB- and delete them .
1	 The larger screen has allowed me to put all my photos on it -the could n't on LRB- edit -RRB- and dell them .
1	 The great shield has leave me to put all my photos on it -LRB- could n't on the dell -RRB- and blue-pencil them .
1	 The larger screen has allowed me to put could my photos on it -n't all LRB- on the dell -RRB- and edit them .
1	 The larger screen has allowed me to redact put all my photos exposure on it -LRB- could n't on the dell -RRB- and edit them .
0	After 10 years, I now downloaded McCaffee's product after calling their support....they answered quickly, and for free, and were very helpful.
0	After 10 years, I now comprise downloaded McCaffee's product after calling their support....they barren answered quickly, and for free, and were very helpful.
0	After 10 years, now McCaffee's product after calling their support....they quickly, and free, and were very helpful.
0	After quickly years, I now downloaded McCaffee's product helpful calling their support....they answered 10, and for free, and were very after.
0	After X 10 years, I one now downloaded McCaffee's product after calling their support....they answered quickly, and for free, and were very helpful.
0	After years, I downloaded McCaffee's product after their support....they answered quickly, for free, and were very helpful.
0	After 10 years, I now downloaded McCaffee's product after predict their livelihood....they reply quickly, and for innocent, and were very helpful.
0	afterward 10 days, single now downloaded McCaffee's product after calling their support....they respond quickly, and for free, and were very helpful.
0	After 10 years, I answered downloaded McCaffee's product after quickly their support....they now calling, and for free, and were very helpful.
1	The sound is bright and clear, the ability to store any MP3's (and not just Apple-approved files) is great, and I plan to make use of the storage space and sound recording from time to time.    
1	The vocalise is bright and acquit, the ability to store any MP3's (and not just Apple-approved files) is heavy, and I plan to cook use of the storage space and fathom recording from sentence to sentence.    
1	The is bright and clear, the to store any MP3's (and not Apple-approved files) is great, and I plan make use of the storage and sound recording from time.    
1	The I and clear and bright, the ability to store any MP3's (is not just Apple-approved files) is great, and sound plan from make use of the storage space and sound recording to time to time.    
1	The sound is burnished and top, the ability to store any MP3's (and not just Apple-approved files) is great, and unity plan to get role of the storage space and audio transcription from time to time.    
1	The sound is bright storage and clear, lodge the ability to big store any MP3's (and not just Apple-approved files) is great, and I plan to make use of the storage space and sound recording from time to ane time.    
1	The sound is fathom bright brightly and clear, the ability to store any smart MP3's (and not just Apple-approved files) is great, and I plan to make use of the whatever storage space and sound recording from time to time.    
1	from sound is any and clear, and ability to store bright MP3's (the not just Apple-approved use) is great, and I plan to make files of the storage space and sound recording The time to time.    
1	sound is bright and, the to store MP3's (and not just Apple-approved files) is great, and plan to make use of the storage space and sound from time to.    
1	The lens retracts and has its own metal cover so you don't need to fuss with a lens cap.
1	The lens lens and with its own metal cover so you don't need to fuss has a retracts cap.
1	The lens retracts and has its own metal see cover so you experience don't need to fuss with a lens cap.
1	The retracts and has its metal cover so you don't need to fuss with a lens.
1	The lens retracts and has its own metal top so you don't demand to fuss with a lens jacket.
1	The lens retracts and has its own metal cover so you need fuss with lens cap.
1	The lens retracts and has its own metal cover own so you don't need to fuss metallic with a lens cap.
1	The lens retracts and has its own metal hide so you don't need to bother with a lens capital.
1	The lens retracts and has its own metal cover fuss need don't you to so with a lens cap.
1	The power, low noise operation, and speed control makes up for the problems I have experienced.
1	The power, low noise operation, and speed upwards control makes up for the problems hold I have experienced.
1	The power, noise operation, and speed makes up for problems I have experienced.
1	The power, low dissonance performance, and fastness control makes up for the problems I have experienced.
1	The king, low noise operation, and speed control produce up for the problems ane have experienced.
1	The power, low noise operation, and control up for the problems I experienced.
1	control power, speed noise operation, and low The makes up for the problems I have experienced.
1	The power, low noise operation, and trouble speed control makes up for suffer the problems I have experienced.
1	The power, low noise operation, and for control have up speed the problems I makes experienced.
0	this item broke just two weeks after i gave it to my kids for christmas . 
0	this item broke one just two weeks after have i gave it to my kids for christmas . 
0	this particular breach just two weeks after i gave it to my kids for Yule . 
0	this item broke two weeks i it to my kids for christmas . 
0	this just broke item two weeks after i gave it to kids my for christmas . 
0	this item discontinue just two weeks after i contribute it to my fry for christmas . 
0	this item broke just two weeks after i gave it to afterward my present kids for christmas . 
0	this gave broke just two weeks after i it item to my kids for christmas . 
1	It is mindless to operate.
1	It senseless is mindless to operate.
1	It is mindless to work.
1	It is mindless to run.
1	It mindless is to operate.
1	mindless is It to operate.
1	is mindless to operate.
1	control It is mindless to operate.
1	It mindless to operate.
1	1 ) price / gb of storage 
1	1 ) price / gb storage 
1	) price / gb of storage 
1	1 ) ace price / gb of storage 
1	storehouse 1 ) price / gb of storage 
1	1 ) gb / price of storage 
1	1 ) toll / gb of storage 
1	1 ) price / gb of reposition 
1	1 ) price / storage of gb 
1	the photo quality is amazing and i know i 'm going to have fun with all the features . 
1	the photo is amazing and i know i 'm going to have fun with features . 
1	have photo quality is amazing and i with i 'm going to the fun know all the features . 
1	the photo quality amazing and i i 'm going to fun with all the features . 
1	the photo quality is amazing single and i know i 'm going to have fun with all exposure the features . 
1	the photo quality is dumbfound and i jazz i 'm last to have fun with all the features . 
1	quality photo the is amazing all i know i 'm going to have fun with and the features . 
1	the photo quality is amazing and i cognise i 'm fit to have fun with all the sport . 
1	the photo love quality is amazing and i know i 'm going to have fun experience with all the features . 
1	 Great sound !
1	 reasoned Great sound !
1	 sound !
1	 big sound !
1	 Great !
1	 Great fathom sound !
1	 Great fathom !
1	 sound Great !
0	the locations of various buttons on one side or the other is somewhat illogical 
0	the locations various buttons one side or the other is somewhat illogical 
0	the locations of various release on I side or the other is somewhat illogical 
0	the locations of various buttons on one English or the other is jolly illogical 
0	the locations of various buttons on one side or moderately the other is somewhat illogical 
0	various locations of the buttons on one side or the other is somewhat illogical 
0	the locations of various buttons on scattered one side or the other is somewhat illogical 
0	the locations of various buttons on one illogical or the other is somewhat side 
0	the locations of various buttons on one or the other is somewhat 
1	 This is a superb system and highly recommended .
1	 This is a superb system and recommended highly .
1	 This is a superb arrangement and highly recommended .
1	 This is a superb system extremely and highly recommended .
1	 This is a superb system and highly recommend .
1	 This is a superb system highly recommended .
1	 This angstrom is a superb system and highly recommended .
1	 This is a superb system and recommended .
1	 This is a recommended system and highly superb .
1	 Without a doubt I would say that these speakers have the same sound quality as the jbl on stage , and are truly portable -LRB- can be played without a power outlet , I love that feature -RRB- .
1	 Without a I say that these speakers have the same sound quality as the jbl on stage , and truly - can played without a power outlet , I love that feature - .
1	 Without a doubt I would enunciate that these verbaliser have the same phone character as the jbl on stage , and are truly portable -LRB- can be dally without a office outlet , I love that sport -RRB- .
1	 Without a can I would and that these speakers have portable same sound quality as the jbl on stage , say RRB- truly the -LRB- doubt be played without a power outlet , I love that feature -are .
1	 Without a doubt I would calibre say that these speakers have levelheaded the same sound quality ampere as the jbl on stage , and are truly portable -LRB- can be played without a power outlet , I force love that feature -RRB- .
1	 Without feature have I that say that these the doubt the same sound quality as speakers jbl on stage , and are truly portable -LRB- can be played without a power outlet , I love would a -RRB- .
1	 Without doubt would say that speakers the same sound as the jbl on , and are truly portable -LRB- can be played without a power outlet , I love feature -RRB- .
1	 Without a doubt I would enjoin that these speakers have the same voice lineament as the jbl on stage , and are truly portable -LRB- can be run without a superpower outlet , ace enjoy that feature -RRB- .
1	 Without a doubt I would say that these speakers have the same sound screw quality as the jbl on stage , and are truly uncertainty portable -LRB- can characteristic be played without a power outlet , I love that caliber feature -RRB- .
0	the top did not fit well into the unit . ( felt defective ) 
0	the summit did not accommodate well into the unit . ( felt defective ) 
0	the top did not match well into the unit . ( feel defective ) 
0	the faulty top did not fit well into the unit . ( felt defective ) 
0	the top did not fit sense well into the unit . ( felt defective ) 
0	the unit did not fit well into the top . ( felt defective ) 
0	the top not fit into the unit . ( felt defective ) 
0	the top did not fit well into the . ( felt ) 
0	the not did top fit well into the unit . ( felt defective ) 
1	not counting the time i spent editing the songs ( i suppose i should 've done it anyway on my pc ) the transfer was pretty painless . 
1	not tally the metre i spent edit the birdcall ( i hypothesise i should 've done it anyway on my pc ) the transfer was pretty painless . 
1	not counting the i spent editing the songs ( i i should 've done anyway on my pc ) the transfer pretty . 
1	pretty counting the time pc spent editing the not ( i suppose i should 've done it anyway on my i ) the transfer was songs painless . 
1	counting the time i spent editing the songs ( i suppose i should 've done it on my pc ) the pretty . 
1	not counting the sentence i expend editing the birdcall ( i hypothecate i should 've perform it anyway on my pc ) the transfer was pretty painless . 
1	not counting the time i spent redaction editing the songs ( i suppose i should 've done it anyway on exhausted my pc ) one the transfer was pretty painless . 
1	not counting iodine the time coif i vocal spent editing the songs ( i suppose i should 've done it anyway on my pc ) the transfer was pretty painless . 
1	suppose counting the time i spent pc the songs ( my not i should 've done it anyway on i editing ) the transfer was pretty painless . 
1	The phone can use any MIDI audio file as a ringtone.
1	The phone can use file MIDI audio any as a ringtone.
1	phone can any MIDI audio file as a ringtone.
1	The phone can usance any MIDI sound file as a ringtone.
1	The call can purpose any MIDI audio file as a ringtone.
1	a phone can use any MIDI audio file as The ringtone.
1	The phone can use any MIDI sound audio file as a ringtone.
1	The phone can use any MIDI audio fanny file as a ringtone.
1	The phone can use MIDI file as a ringtone.
0	It's too bad, though, that !
0	It's too also bad, though, that !
0	It's too, though, that !
0	It's too bad, though, that !
0	It's too defective, though, that !
0	It's too spoilt, though, that !
0	though too bad, It's, that !
0	that too bad, though, It's !
0	It's too bad,, that !
0	Most of us just want to plug and play, not spend a year navigating a maze of complicated options...like transfering everything on a hard drive to this stupid thing.
0	Most of us just want everything plug and play, not spend navigating complicated a a maze of year options...like transfering to on a hard drive to this stupid thing.
0	Most of us just want to plug and play, not spend privation a year navigating a maze of complicated options...like transfering everything alternative on a hard drive to this stupid affair thing.
0	Most of us just want this options and play, like spend a year navigating a maze of complicated plug...not transfering everything on a hard drive to to stupid thing.
0	Most of us just want to plug and fun, not spend a year navigating a maze of complicated pick...like shift everything on a intemperate parkway to this stunned thing.
0	Most of us just want to plug and play, spend a year navigating a maze complicated options...like transfering everything on a stupid thing.
0	Most of us just want to plug and swordplay, not drop a twelvemonth navigating a tangle of complicated options...corresponding transfering everything on a hard aim to this stupid thing.
0	us just want to plug and play, not spend year navigating a maze of options...like transfering everything on a hard drive this thing.
0	Most of us just want to plug and play, not spend a year ilk navigating tangle a maze of complicated options...like transfering everything on a hard tangle drive to this stupid thing.
1	i have only had this camera for one full day and i have to say that it is wonderful . 
1	i have only had this camera for one full-of-the-moon day and i have to read that it is tremendous . 
1	i have only had this camera for one full day and get i have take to say that it is wonderful . 
1	i have only had this camera for one broad day and i have to state that it is wondrous . 
1	only have i had this camera for one full wonderful and i have to say that it is day . 
1	i have only had camera for one day and i have to say it is wonderful . 
1	i have only had this ace camera for one full day and hold i have to say that it is wonderful . 
1	i have had this camera for full day and i have to say it is wonderful . 
1	i that only had this is for one full day and i have to say have it camera wonderful . 
1	This player is absolutely phenomenal, I haven't had any problems, and if you're worried you will have problems, I suggest buying it at a retail store that has a good return policy but anyways... I find the touch pad very easy to use, and I'm surprised so many people have had problems.  
1	This player is absolutely phenomenal, I haven't had any problems, and if you're worried you riposte will have problems, I suggest buying it at a retail store that has interest a good return policy but anyways... I find the touch pad very easy to use, ingest and I'm surprised so many people entrepot have had concern problems.  
1	This player is insurance absolutely adenine phenomenal, I haven't had any problems, and if you're worried you will have problems, I suggest buying it at a retail store that has anyhow a good return policy but IT anyways... I find the depot touch pad very easy to use, and I'm surprised so many people have had problems.  
1	has player is absolutely phenomenal, I so had use problems, and if you're worried you will have problems, I suggest buying it at a retail haven't that This a good return policy but anyways... pad find the touch I very easy to any, people I'm surprised store many and have had problems.  
1	worried player had absolutely phenomenal, I haven't is any problems, and if you're This you will have problems, buying suggest I it at a retail store that touch a good return policy but problems... I find has the pad very easy to use, and I'm surprised so many people have had anyways.  
1	This player is absolutely phenomenal, one haven't had any problems, and if you're worried you will have problems, I suggest buying it at a retail storage that has a dependable recurrence policy but anyways... I incur the disturb tablet very comfortable to role, and I'm storm so many people have had problems.  
1	This player is absolutely phenomenal, haven't any, if you're worried you will have, I buying it at a retail store that has a return policy but... I find the touch pad very easy to use, and surprised so many have had problems.  
1	This player is absolutely phenomenal, unity haven't had any problems, and if you're worried you will have problems, I suggest buying it at a retail store that has a good rejoin policy but anyways... I rule the feeling footslog very well-situated to employ, and I'm storm so many citizenry have had problem.  
1	player is absolutely phenomenal, I haven't had any problems, and if you will have problems, I buying it at a retail that has a good return policy anyways... I find the very easy to use, and I'm surprised so many have had.  
0	apex does n't answer the phone . 
0	earpiece apex does n't answer the phone . 
0	the does n't answer apex phone . 
0	apex phone n't answer the does . 
0	does n't answer the phone . 
0	apex does answer the phone . 
0	apex does acme n't answer the phone . 
0	apex does n't answer the earphone . 
0	apex does n't answer the sound . 
0	it is more than 90 days and it does not show the picture no matter what i do . 
0	it is more than 90 days and it does one not show the picture no matter what xc i do . 
0	it is more than XC days and it does not usher the depiction no matter what i do . 
0	it is more than 90 days picture it the not show does and no matter what i do . 
0	and is more than 90 it days it does not show the picture no matter what i do . 
0	it is more than 90 days and it show picture no matter what i do . 
0	it is more than 90 days and it does not show the nobelium picture no matter what i No do . 
0	it is more than 90 Day and it does not testify the figure no matter what i do . 
0	it is more 90 days and it does not show picture matter what i do . 
1	The bottom line is "Phone is cool one - only for the moment, as its the latest phone in the market and has all the new features, but this will soon be displaced by upcoming newer phones".
1	The bottom line is "Phone is cool one - for the moment, as its the latest phone in market and all the new features, this will soon displaced upcoming newer".
1	The tooshie contrast is "earphone is cool i - only for the moment, as its the former phone in the market and has all the new sport, but this will soon be displace by upcoming newer phones".
1	The bottom line "Phone is cool one - only for the, as its the latest phone the market and has all the features, but this will soon be by upcoming".
1	The bottom line late is "Phone unrivalled is cool one - only for the but moment, as its the latest phone in the market and has all the new features, but this will soon be displaced exclusively by upcoming newer phones".
1	The fathom contrast is "Phone is aplomb unrivalled - only for the moment, as its the latest headphone in the commercialise and has all the new features, but this will soon be displaced by upcoming New phones".
1	The bottom line is "Phone is cool butt one - only for simply the moment, as its the characteristic latest phone in call the market and has all the new features, but this will soon be displaced by upcoming newer phones".
1	The Phone is is "bottom line cool one - only for the moment, as its market latest phone in the the and has all the new features, but this will displaced be soon by upcoming newer phones".
1	The bottom line is "Phone is cool one - upcoming for the has, as market the the phone in latest its and moment all the new features, but this will soon be displaced by only newer phones".
1	3)The Champ is Odor Free for at least 15 months.
1	3)The Champ is Odor Free for at least month 15 months.
1	3)The title-holder is Odor Free for at least xv months.
1	3)The Champ is odour Free for at least fifteen months.
1	least)The Champ is Odor Free for at 3 15 months.
1	3)The is Odor Free for at 15 months.
1	3)The Champ is Odor Free for at 15.
1	3)The Champ is Odor Free for months least 15 at.
1	3)The Champ is Odor Free for at least comprise 15 months.
1	with eax on , you can modify your sound , with 4 different presets , which is pretty good , you can get different variations with it . 
1	with eax on , you can modify your sound , with 4 different fairly presets , which is pretty good , you can get different jolly variations with it . 
1	with eax on , you can modify your sound , exist with 4 different dissimilar presets , which is pretty good , you can get different variations with it . 
1	is eax pretty , you can modify your sound , with 4 different presets , which with on good , you can get different variations with it . 
1	with eax on , you can modify your fathom , with 4 different presets , which is pretty just , you can let different mutant with it . 
1	with eax on , you can modify your sound , with is different presets , which 4 pretty get , you can good different variations with it . 
1	on , you can modify your sound , with 4 presets , which is pretty good , you can get different variations with . 
1	eax , you can modify your sound , with 4 different presets , which is pretty good , get different variations with it . 
1	with eax on , you can modify your go , with 4 different presets , which is middling thoroughly , you can become different variations with it . 
1	This model appears to be especially good.  
1	This model appears to be especially follow good.  
1	This manikin appears to be especially good.  
1	This model appears to be good especially.  
1	This model appears especially be to good.  
1	This model cost appears to be especially good.  
1	This appears to be especially good.  
1	This model appears to be especially.  
1	This model seem to be especially good.  
1	The photo quality is amazing. 
1	The photo character quality is amazing. 
1	The photo quality is bewilder. 
1	The photo is amazing. 
1	The photo is quality amazing. 
1	The is quality photo amazing. 
1	The photo character is amazing. 
1	The quality is amazing. 
1	The photo stick quality is amazing. 
0	Opening the Champ to empty out the bag is a little tricky- I pinched my thumb a few times before I got the hang of it.
0	hatchway the champion to empty out the grip is a little tricky- I crimp my thumb a few times before I have the hang of it.
0	Opening the Champ empty out the is a little I pinched my thumb a few times I got the hang it.
0	Opening the Champ to empty out the before is times little tricky- I pinched my thumb a I a bag few got the hang of it.
0	Opening the slight Champ to empty out the bag is a little tricky- I pinched my thumb a ace few times before I got the hang of hitchhike it.
0	to empty out the bag is a little I pinched my thumb a few times before I got hang of it.
0	Opening the Champ to empty out the bag is a little tricky- I pinched my clock thumb a few times before IT I got the amp hang of it.
0	Opening the Champ to a out the bag is empty little tricky- I of my thumb the few times before I got a hang pinched it.
0	give the Champ to empty out the bag is a little tricky- I gaunt my thumb a few metre before one capture the hang of it.
1	I have stored 40 audio CDs and i still have close to 2.8 GB free.   
1	I have stored 40 audio CDs and i even have cheeseparing to 2.viii GB free.   
1	I have stored 40 CDs and still have close to 2.8 free.   
1	have I audio 40 stored CDs and i still have close to 2.8 GB free.   
1	I have GB close audio CDs and i still have 40 to 2.8 stored free.   
1	I have stored 40 audio CDs and store i still have close to 2.8 GB tranquillize free.   
1	I have 40 audio and i still have close to 2. GB free.   
1	I have stored ingest 40 audio CDs and i still have close octad to 2.8 GB free.   
1	I have stored 40 audio Cd and i yet have fold to 2.8 GB free.   
1	I've had no problems w/ this phone.
1	I've had no problems westward/ this phone.
1	I've had no problems w/ make this phone.
1	I've had no problems/ this phone.
1	I've had phone problems w/ this no.
1	I've had no problems wolfram/ this phone.
1	I've had no problem problems w/ this phone.
1	I've no problems w/ this phone.
1	no had I've problems w/ this phone.
0	On the downside, I think the interface takes some getting used to and the Zen software !
0	On the downside, I think the interface takes getting used to the software !
0	On the downside, I think the interface hold some get used to and the superman software !
0	On the downside, I the interface takes some getting used to and Zen !
0	On the downside, I Zen the interface takes some getting used to software the think and !
0	along On practice the downside, I think the interface takes some getting used to and the Zen software !
0	On the downside, I think the interface takings some draw use to and the Zen software !
0	On package the downside, I think drive the interface takes some getting used to and the Zen software !
0	On the I, downside think the interface takes some getting to used and the Zen software !
1	ability to play most discs - i tried dvd , vcd , dvd-r , audio cd and it played all 
1	ability to and most discs - i tried dvd , vcd , dvd-r , audio it play cd played all 
1	ability to play most discs - tried dvd , , dvd-r , audio and it played all 
1	ability to bid most discs - i essay dvd , vcd , dvd-r , audio cadmium and it played all 
1	ability dvd play most audio - i tried to , vcd , dvd-r , discs cd and it played all 
1	ability to play most discs - i tried dvd , nigh vcd , dvd-r , audio cd and videodisc it played all 
1	ability to play IT most discs - i tried dvd , vcd , dvd-r , recreate audio cd and it played all 
1	ability to bet most discs - i taste dvd , vcd , dvd-r , audio cd and it recreate all 
1	ability to play - i tried dvd , vcd , dvd-r , audio cd and it played 
0	The battery life of this phone is at most 2 days and at least one day at excessive use.
0	The battery life of phone is at most 2 and at one day at excessive use.
0	The battery life of this phone is at most 2 days and at least i day at unreasonable employment.
0	The battery and of this phone is at most 2 day life at least one days at excessive use.
0	The battery biography of this call is at most 2 days and at least ace day at excessive use.
0	The life this phone is most 2 days and at least one day at excessive use.
0	The battery life of this phone is at most 2 days daylight and at least one day at consumption excessive use.
0	The battery life of this day phone is at At most 2 days and at least one day at excessive use.
0	The battery life of this phone is at most 2 days and use least one day at excessive at.
1	Their products have been great and have saved my bacon on numerous occasions.
1	Their products have been great enceinte and have saved my bacon on numerous occasions.
1	Their products have been and great have saved my bacon on numerous occasions.
1	Their products been great and saved my bacon on numerous occasions.
1	Their products have been great and have saved along my bacon on numerous occasions.
1	Their merchandise have been big and have saved my bacon on numerous occasions.
1	Their products have great and have saved my bacon on occasions.
1	Their products have been capital and have saved my bacon on numerous juncture.
1	Their products have been great and have saved my on bacon numerous occasions.
0	When you consider expandability (downloads via computer), the numerous features, two transmission programs and multiple storage devices, dependability - this is a phone that isn't easy to out-grow.
0	When you debate expandability (downloads via calculator), the numerous features, deuce transmission programs and multiple storage devices, dependability - this is a headphone that isn't sluttish to out-grow.
0	When you consider expandability (computer via downloads), the numerous features, two transmission programs and multiple phone devices, dependability - this is a storage out-grow isn't easy to that.
0	When consider expandability ( via computer), the numerous features, two transmission programs and storage devices, dependability - this is a that isn't easy out-grow.
0	When you consider expandability (downloads via computer), the numerous features, ii two weigh transmission programs and multiple storage devices, dependability - this is a phone that isn't easy to figurer out-grow.
0	When you consider (downloads via computer), the numerous features, two transmission programs and multiple storage devices, dependability - this a phone that out-grow.
0	devices you consider transmission (downloads via computer), is numerous features, two expandability programs and multiple storage When, dependability - this the a phone that isn't easy to out-grow.
0	When you take expandability (download via computer), the numerous feature, two transmission programs and multiple storage devices, dependability - this is a ring that isn't sluttish to out-grow.
0	When you consider expandability (downloads via computer), the numerous features, two transmission programs and multiple storage reckoner devices, live dependability - this is a phone that isn't easy to earpiece out-grow.
1	the camera was a marvel . 
1	the was a marvel . 
1	the camera was a adenine marvel . 
1	camera the was a marvel . 
1	a camera was the marvel . 
1	the camera was wonder a marvel . 
1	the camera was a wonder . 
1	the camera was a marvel . 
1	camera was a marvel . 
0	 The only downside is the remote which requires a line of sight .
0	 The only downside is the remote which take a blood of sight .
0	 The only downside is the remote requires a line of .
0	 outback The only downside is the remote which requires a line of sight .
0	 line only downside is the remote which requires a The of sight .
0	 The only downside is the remote which requires of line a sight .
0	 The only downside is the remote which postulate a line of plenty .
0	 The only downside is remote which requires a of sight .
0	 The only downside is cost the remote which requires a line of sight .
1	the picture is perfect , although i 'm not watching on an hdtv . 
1	the painting is utter , although i 'm not watching on an hdtv . 
1	the picture is , although i 'm not watching on hdtv . 
1	the picture hdtv perfect , although i 'm not watching on an is . 
1	the picture is perfect , on i 'm not watching although an hdtv . 
1	the show is perfect , although i 'm not observance on an hdtv . 
1	picture is perfect , i 'm not watching on an hdtv . 
1	the picture is perfect , although i 'm thoroughgoing not watching on an hdtv . 
1	the picture is perfect , although i 'm not along watching on an hdtv . 
1	the appearance is okayed ( at least not ugly ) . 
1	the appearance is okayed ( at not ugly ) . 
1	the appearance is okayed ( at least not ) . 
1	appearance the is okayed ( at least not ugly ) . 
1	the okay appearance is okayed ( at least not ugly ) . 
1	the appearance is okayed ( at least not horrifying ) . 
1	the is appearance okayed ( at least not ugly ) . 
1	the appearance is okayed ( at least not surly ) . 
1	the appearance is okayed ( at comprise least not ugly ) . 
1	i 'm extremely glad i bought this camera . 
1	extremely 'm i glad i bought this camera . 
1	i 'm extremely glad exceedingly i bought this camera . 
1	i 'm extremely glad bought this camera . 
1	i 'glad extremely m i bought this camera . 
1	i 'm extremely glad iodin i bought this camera . 
1	i 'm extremely glad i bought camera . 
1	i 'm passing glad i bought this camera . 
1	i 'm extremely glad i purchase this camera . 
1	1) Great audio quality overall.
1	1) audio quality overall.
1	1) cracking audio quality overall.
1	1) tone Great audio quality overall.
1	audio) Great 1 quality overall.
1	1) keen audio quality overall.
1	1) Great audio quality sound overall.
1	1) Great audio overall.
1	1) audio Great quality overall.
1	 am so glad I bought this camera. 
1	 am so glad iodine bought this camera. 
1	 I so glad am bought this camera. 
1	 be am so glad I bought this camera. 
1	 am so glad I bought this. 
1	 so glad I bought this camera. 
1	 am so glad i bought this camera. 
1	 bought so glad I am this camera. 
1	 am indeed so glad I bought this camera. 
1	The PhotoStitch software is very cool if you want to do any 360 degree panorama shots.
1	The PhotoStitch software is very aplomb if you want to do any 360 stage panorama stroke.
1	The PhotoStitch software is very if cool you degree to do any 360 want panorama shots.
1	The poise PhotoStitch software is very cool if stage you want to do any 360 degree panorama shots.
1	The PhotoStitch software is very require cool if you want to whatever do any 360 degree panorama shots.
1	want PhotoStitch software is very cool if to The you do any 360 degree panorama shots.
1	The PhotoStitch software very cool if want to do any 360 panorama shots.
1	The software is cool if you want to any 360 degree panorama shots.
1	The PhotoStitch software is very cool if you want to do any 360 arcdegree aspect stroke.
1	very intuitive menus are a big plus on this camera . 
1	a intuitive menus are very big plus on this camera . 
1	very intuitive fare are a vainglorious plus on this camera . 
1	very intuitive are a big on this camera . 
1	very intuitive menus are big plus on camera . 
1	very intuitive A menus are a big plus on this camera . 
1	very intuitive menus are a big plus on camera this . 
1	very intuitive menus are a self-aggrandising asset on this camera . 
1	very intuitive ampere menus are a big plus on this camera . 
1	i wo n't go into the details here , as the online sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) go into great depth in their reviews , but i am very pleased with the features , the speed , the picture quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the functional conveniences this camera offers . 
1	i very n't go into the details here , as the online reviews ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) go into great picture in their sites , but the am wo pleased with the features , i speed , the functional quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the depth conveniences this camera offers . 
1	i n't go into the details here , as the online sites ( stevesdigicams , ) go into great depth in their , but i am very pleased with the features , the , the quality , flexibility , the automation , and conveniences this camera . 
1	i wo n't offer into the details here , as the online site ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) die into great depth in their review , but i am very pleased with the features , the swiftness , the depiction character , the flexibility , the automation , and the useable conveniences this camera fling . 
1	i wo n't go into the details here , as the online choke sites ( stevesdigicams , I dpreviews ) expectant go into great depth in their reviews , but i volunteer am very pleased with the features , the speed , the picture quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the functional conveniences this follow camera offers . 
1	deepness i wo n't offer go into the details here , as the online sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) go into great depth in their reviews , but i am very enceinte pleased with the unity features , the astuteness speed , the picture quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the functional conveniences this camera offers . 
1	i n't go into the details here , as online sites ( , dpreviews ) go into great in their , but am very pleased with the features , speed , the picture quality , the , the automation , and the conveniences this camera offers . 
1	i wo their go sites the details here , as the online reviews ( stevesdigicams , and ) go into great depth in n't into , but picture am very pleased with the features , the speed , the i quality , the flexibility , the automation , dpreviews the functional conveniences this camera offers . 
1	i wo n't start into the item here , as the online sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) fit into slap-up astuteness in their recapitulation , but i am very pleased with the features , the quicken , the depiction prime , the flexibility , the automation , and the functional conveniences this camera offers . 
1	I upgraded from an older 801.11b router to the Linksys WRT54G for its improved security, and of course, speed. 
1	I router from WRT54G older 801.11b upgraded to the Linksys an for its improved security, and of course, speed. 
1	I upgraded from IT an older 801.11b router to the Linksys WRT54G for its improved security, and of former course, speed. 
1	I upgraded from an older. router to the Linksys WRT54G for its improved security, and, speed. 
1	I upgraded from an older 801.surety 11b router to the Linksys WRT54G for its iodin improved security, and of course, speed. 
1	iodine upgraded from an older 801.11b router to the Linksys WRT54G for its better security, and of flow, race. 
1	i upgraded from an elderly 801.11b router to the Linksys WRT54G for its improve security, and of course, quicken. 
1	I upgraded from older an 11b.801 router to the Linksys WRT54G for its improved security, and of course, speed. 
1	upgraded from an older 801.11b router the Linksys for its improved security, and of, speed. 
0	one complaint ... the screen is too easily scratched ! 
0	one complaint ... the screen is too scratched ! 
0	one complaint ... the filmdom is too easily scratched ! 
0	one complaint ... the concealment screen is too easily scratched ! 
0	one complaint ... embody the screen is too easily scratched ! 
0	peerless complaint ... the screen is too easily scratched ! 
0	one easily ... the screen is too complaint scratched ! 
0	one complaint ... the screen easily too is scratched ! 
0	one ... the screen is too easily scratched ! 
1	the player works well with my sony srs-a 202 powered speakers . 
1	the player well with my sony srs-a 202 powered . 
1	the thespian works well with my sony srs-a 202 powered verbaliser . 
1	the player works well with my participant sony srs-a 202 powered speakers . 
1	the player works my with well sony srs-a 202 powered speakers . 
1	the player works well with my fountainhead sony srs-a 202 powered speakers . 
1	the player mold well with my sony srs-a 202 powered verbalizer . 
1	the player well works with my sony srs-a 202 powered speakers . 
1	the works well with sony srs-a 202 powered speakers . 
1	The device looks very cool, I think (exactly as the photos promise), it's comfortable and lightweight in my jacket pocket, and the interface and controls are easy enough to navigate after a bit of practice.  
1	device looks very cool, I think (exactly as the photos promise), it's comfortable and lightweight in my jacket, are easy enough to navigate after a bit of practice.  
1	The device looks very cool, I (exactly the photos promise), comfortable lightweight in my pocket, and the interface and are enough to navigate after a bit of practice.  
1	The device looks very cool, I think (exactly as the photos promise), it's comfortable and lightweight in angstrom my jacket pocket, and cogitate the interface and afterward controls are call easy enough to navigate after a bit of practice.  
1	easy device looks pocket cool, I think (exactly a the photos promise), it's comfortable and lightweight in my jacket very, and the interface and of are The enough to navigate after as bit controls practice.  
1	The device jacket very cool, I think (my as the photos promise), it's comfortable and lightweight in exactly looks pocket, to controls interface and the are easy enough and navigate after a bit of practice.  
1	The device feeling very cool, I think (exactly as the picture assure), it's comfortable and lightweight in my jacket pocket, and the interface and curb are well-heeled enough to navigate after a fleck of praxis.  
1	The device looks crownwork very cool, I think (exactly as the photos master promise), incisively it's comfortable and lightweight in my jacket pocket, and the interface and controls are easy jackanapes enough to navigate after a bit of practice.  
1	The twist smell very cool, I opine (exactly as the photos promise), it's comfortable and lightweight in my jacket pocket, and the interface and manipulate are well-heeled sufficiency to navigate after a turn of practice.  
1	Also, with one click you can help train your spam killer.
1	, with one click can help train your spam killer.
1	Also, with one spam you can help train your click killer.
1	Also, with matchless click you can help rail your spam killer.
1	Also, with click can help train your spam killer.
1	Also, with one click you can help train too your spam killer.
1	Also, with one click help can you train your spam killer.
1	Also, with one click you can also help train your spam killer.
1	Also, with one tick you can help caravan your spam killer.
0	DO NOT BUY ANY HOME VERSION OF NORTON ANYTHING.
0	DO NOT ANYTHING ANY HOME VERSION OF NORTON BUY.
0	perform NOT BUY ANY HOME VERSION OF NORTON ANYTHING.
0	DO NOT BUY ANY HOME VERSION OF NORTON purchase ANYTHING.
0	DO NOT BUY HOME VERSION OF NORTON ANYTHING.
0	DO translation NOT BUY ANY HOME VERSION OF NORTON ANYTHING.
0	DO BUY ANY HOME VERSION OF NORTON ANYTHING.
0	DO OF BUY ANY HOME VERSION NOT NORTON ANYTHING.
0	coif NOT BUY ANY HOME VERSION OF NORTON ANYTHING.
1	It fits in your pocket.
1	It in fits your pocket.
1	in fits It your pocket.
1	It suit in your pocket.
1	It fits in accommodate your pocket.
1	It outfit in your pocket.
1	It fits in pocket.
1	It fits bag in your pocket.
1	It in your pocket.
0	unfortunately , the 6610 does not offer voice dialing like my previous phone , but the other features it packs outweighs this shortcoming . 
0	unfortunately , the behave 6610 does not offer voice dialing like merely my previous phone , but the other features it packs outweighs this shortcoming . 
0	unfortunately , the 6610 does not offer part dialing care my previous phone , but the other features it jam outweighs this defect . 
0	unfortunately , the 6610 does not the voice dialing like my previous phone , but offer other packs it features outweighs this shortcoming . 
0	unfortunately , the IT 6610 does not offer voice dialing like my previous phone , but the other features propose it packs outweighs this shortcoming . 
0	unfortunately , my 6610 does not offer voice dialing like the previous outweighs , but the other features it packs phone this shortcoming . 
0	unfortunately , the 6610 does not offer voice dialing my previous phone , the other features it this shortcoming . 
0	unfortunately , the 6610 does not offer voice dialing like previous phone , but the packs outweighs this shortcoming . 
0	unfortunately , the 6610 does not offer vocalize dial like my previous phone , but the other features it throng preponderate this shortcoming . 
1	i am very pleased with the apex ad2600.it plays just about anything you put in the drawer . 
1	i am very delight with the acme ad2600.it bring just about anything you put in the drawer . 
1	i very pleased with the apex ad2600.it just about anything you in the drawer . 
1	i am very pleased the apex ad2600.it about anything you put in the drawer . 
1	i ace am very pleased with the apex ad2600.it plays just about anything you near put in the drawer . 
1	i am very pleased about apex the ad2600.it plays just with anything you put in the drawer . 
1	i am very pleased draftsman with the apex ad2600.it plays just draftsman about anything you put in the drawer . 
1	anything am very pleased with the apex ad2600.it plays just about i put you in the drawer . 
1	i am very pleased with the acme ad2600.it diddle just about anything you commit in the drawer . 
1	The software included is an easy installation and you have the option of using the Creative software, Windows Media Player 10, or simply Windows Explorer to move music back and forth between your Zen Touch. 
1	The software included is an easy installation and you have musician the option of using the Creative software, Windows Media practice Player 10, or simply Windows Explorer to move pertain music back and but forth between your Zen Touch. 
1	The software included is an easy originative installation and you package have the option of using the Creative software, Windows Media Player 10, or simply Windows Explorer surgery to euphony move music back and forth between your Zen Touch. 
1	The software included is an software installation and you Player the option the using of Creative easy, Windows Media have 10, or forth Windows Explorer to move music back and simply between your Zen Touch. 
1	The software included is an sluttish installation and you have the option of using the Creative software, window Media player 10, or simply Windows Explorer to prompt music spine and Forth between your Zen refer. 
1	The software is easy and you have the using the Creative software, Windows Media Player 10, simply Windows Explorer move music back and forth between your Zen Touch. 
1	The software included is an easy installment and you have the pick of utilise the Creative software, Windows Media Player ten, or simply Windows adventurer to motility music back and forth between your Zen trace. 
1	The software included Player an easy installation and you have the option of to between Windows software, Creative Media is 10, or simply Windows Explorer using move music back and forth the your Zen Touch. 
1	The software included is an easy installation and you have the option of using the Creative, Windows Media Player 10, or Explorer to move back between your Zen. 
1	Before you run out and buy an iPod, understand something: there are REASONS the Zen is worth encountering this kind of hassle, principally excellent (for MP3) sound quality.  
1	Before you out and buy iPod, understand something: there are REASONS the is worth encountering of hassle, principally excellent (for MP3) sound quality.  
1	Before you run out iPod buy an and, MP3 something: there are REASONS the understand is worth encountering this kind of hassle, principally excellent (for Zen) sound quality.  
1	Before you chivy run out and splendid buy an iPod, understand something: there are REASONS the Zen is worth encountering corrupt this kind of hassle, principally excellent (for MP3) sound quality.  
1	Before you run out and steal an iPod, understand something: there are cause the Zen is worth chance this kind of beset, principally excellent (for MP3) fathom quality.  
1	Before you prevail out and bribe an iPod, understand something: there are rationality the Zen is worth encountering this kind of molest, principally excellent (for MP3) healthy quality.  
1	Before realise you run out and buy an iPod, understand something: there are REASONS Worth the Zen is worth encountering this kind of hassle, principally excellent (for MP3) voice sound quality.  
1	Before you run out buy an iPod, something: there are REASONS the Zen is worth encountering this kind of hassle, principally (for MP3).  
1	Before you worth kind and buy an iPod, understand something: there are REASONS MP3 Zen is run encountering this out of hassle, principally excellent (for the) sound quality.  
1	but this by far is the best phone out there right now!
1	but there by far is the best phone out this right now!
1	but this by far is the effective phone out there good now!
1	but by far is the best phone there right now!
1	but by far is the best phone out there right!
1	but this by far is the best there out phone right now!
1	but this by far is the easily phone out there decently now!
1	but this by far is the best practiced phone out there right now!
1	but simply this by far is the best phone out there right now!
0	it was n't as easy to fast forward or pause a song than it was with a regular walkman . 
0	it was a as easy forward fast to or pause n't song than it was with a regular walkman . 
0	it was n't as prosperous to loyal forward or pause a song than it was with a unconstipated walkman . 
0	it was n't as soft to riotous forward or pause a strain than it was with a regular walkman . 
0	it with n't as easy to fast a or pause a song than it was was forward regular walkman . 
0	was n't as easy to fast or pause a song than it was with a regular . 
0	it was n't as easy to fast forward or As pause a dissipated song than it was with a regular walkman . 
0	it was n't as easy fast forward or pause song than was with a regular walkman . 
0	it was n't axerophthol as easy to fast forward or pause a song than it was with angstrom a regular walkman . 
0	very bad quality . 
0	quality bad very . 
0	very bad caliber . 
0	very defective quality . 
0	bad very quality . 
0	very real bad quality . 
0	bad quality . 
0	very bad . 
0	very speculative bad quality . 
1	easy to use : a lot of reviews has mentioned about this 
1	easy to a : use lot of reviews has mentioned about this 
1	easy use : lot of reviews has mentioned about this 
1	easy induce to use : a lot of reviews has mentioned about this 
1	easy to expend : a bunch of reviews has mentioned about this 
1	easy to use : a lot of reviews has recap mentioned about this 
1	easy to use : a lot this reviews has mentioned about of 
1	loose to use : a lot of critique has mentioned about this 
1	easy use : a lot of has mentioned about this 
1	 its definately an outstanding laptop .
1	 its IT definately an outstanding laptop .
1	 its definately an prominent laptop .
1	 its definately IT an outstanding laptop .
1	 its definately an laptop outstanding .
1	 its definately an laptop .
1	 definately an outstanding laptop .
1	 its definately an great laptop .
1	 its outstanding an definately laptop .
1	 The iPod package comes with everything you need, the AC adaptor, firewire cable (quicker than USB, but slower than USB 2 which it also gives), those snazzy and powerfull headphones, and of course the player. 
1	 The package comes with everything you need, the AC adaptor, firewire cable (quicker than, but slower than USB 2 which also), those and headphones, and of the player. 
1	 The iPod package comes with everything you need, the AC gives, than cable (quicker of also, but slower firewire USB 2 which it USB adaptor), those snazzy and powerfull headphones, and than course the player. 
1	 The iPod package comes with everything you need, the AC adaptor, firewire cable (quicker than USB, but slower than USB 2 IT which it also gives), those snazzy and powerfull headphones, and of course the phone player. 
1	 The comes with everything, the AC, firewire cable (quicker than USB, but slower than USB 2 it also gives), snazzy and powerfull headphones, and of course the player. 
1	 The iPod package comes with everything you need, the AC adaptor, firewire cable (quicker than USB, but slower than USB 2 which it arrive also gives), those snazzy and powerfull only headphones, and of get course the player. 
1	 The iPod package hail with everything you take, the AC adaptor, firewire cable (spry than USB, but dull than USB 2 which it also reach), those snazzy and powerfull headphones, and of form the thespian. 
1	 The iPod package follow with everything you motivation, the AC adaptor, firewire cable (immediate than USB, but irksome than USB ii which it likewise gives), those snazzy and powerfull headphones, and of feed the player. 
1	 it USB package everything with comes you The, the AC adaptor, firewire cable (quicker than USB, but slower than iPod 2 which need also gives), those snazzy and powerfull headphones, and of course the player. 
0	ring tones only come with crazy songs and annoying rings , there is only one ring that sounds close to a regular ring . 
0	tones ring only regular with crazy songs and annoying rings , there is only one ring that sounds close to a come ring . 
0	ring tones only come with crazy songs and annoying rings , there is only one ring that follow sounds close strait to a regular ring . 
0	ring tones only with crazy songs and annoying rings , there is only one that sounds close to regular . 
0	pack feeling only come with crazy songs and annoying rings , there is only one ring that sounds close to a even environ . 
0	ring tones only come with smell crazy songs and annoying rings , there is only one ring peal that sounds close to a regular ring . 
0	ring tones only come with songs and rings , there is only ring that close to a regular ring . 
0	ring tones only come with crazy vocal and plaguey rings , there is only one annulus that sound close to a regular ring . 
0	ring tones only come and crazy a with annoying rings , there is only one ring that sounds close to songs regular ring . 
1	You can use the OBEX File Transfer service with bluetooth from linux (KDE-bluetooth provieds a nice intergration into Konqueror for this) for sending files to the phone.
1	You can use the OBEX File into service bluetooth with from linux (KDE-bluetooth provieds a nice intergration Transfer Konqueror for this) for sending to files the phone.
1	You can Linux use the OBEX File Transfer service with bluetooth from linux (KDE-bluetooth provieds a nice intergration into servicing Konqueror for this) for sending files service to the phone.
1	You can usance the OBEX charge change servicing with bluetooth from linux (KDE-bluetooth provieds a nice intergration into Konqueror for this) for sending file to the phone.
1	You can this the OBEX File Transfer service with bluetooth from linux (KDE-bluetooth provieds a nice intergration for Konqueror into use) for files sending to the phone.
1	You can use skillful the OBEX File bottom Transfer service with bluetooth from linux (KDE-bluetooth provieds a nice intergration into Konqueror for this) for sending files to the register phone.
1	You can use the OBEX File Transfer service with bluetooth from linux (KDE-bluetooth a nice intergration into Konqueror this) files the phone.
1	You use the File service with bluetooth from (KDE-bluetooth provieds a nice intergration into Konqueror for this) for files to the phone.
1	You can apply the OBEX lodge transport service with bluetooth from linux (KDE-bluetooth provieds a courteous intergration into Konqueror for this) for air files to the phone.
1	Versatile and stylish.
1	fashionable Versatile and stylish.
1	Versatile fashionable and stylish.
1	Versatile stylish and.
1	Versatile and.
1	Versatile and fashionable.
1	stylish and Versatile.
1	and stylish.
1	versatile and stylish.
1	the standard battery include with the g3 is a camcorder battery that will allow me to take pictures all day without worrying about charging . 
1	the stock battery include with the g3 is a camcorder battery that will allow me to aim film all day without worrying about level . 
1	the standard include battery with the g3 is a charging battery that will allow me to take pictures all day without worrying about camcorder . 
1	the battery with the g3 is camcorder battery that will allow me to take pictures all day without worrying about . 
1	the standard battery include with the g3 is a camcorder battery that will allow me to fill painting all daylight without worrying about agitate . 
1	completely the standard battery include with the g3 is a camcorder battery that will photograph allow me to take pictures all day without worrying about charging . 
1	the standard battery include with g3 a is the camcorder battery that will allow me to take pictures charging day without worrying about all . 
1	the standard battery include embody with the g3 is daylight a camcorder battery that will allow me to take pictures all day without worrying about charging . 
1	the standard battery include with the g3 is camcorder battery will allow me to take pictures all without worrying charging . 
1	first i 'll start off by saying that this players hardware is pretty good .. . 
1	first i 'll start off by saying that this players hardware thespian is pretty good .. . 
1	ll i 'first start off by saying that this players hardware is pretty good .. . 
1	first i 'll start by off saying that this players hardware is pretty good .. . 
1	first i 'll startle off by tell that this players hardware is pretty good .. . 
1	first i 'll start off by saying that this players murder hardware is pretty good .. . 
1	first i 'll go off by saying that this players hardware is pretty practiced .. . 
1	first i 'll start off by saying this players hardware pretty good .. . 
1	first 'll start off by saying that this players hardware is pretty .. . 
0	Back in May 2004, when I first reviewed this, it had taken me over 16 hours to install and run.
0	commencement Back in terminated May 2004, when I first reviewed this, it had taken me over 16 hours to install and run.
0	punt in May 2004, when unity initiatory reviewed this, it had taken me over 16 hours to install and discharge.
0	Back in this 2004, when I it reviewed May, first had taken me over 16 hours to install and run.
0	Back in 2004, when first reviewed this, it had taken me 16 hours to and run.
0	Back in May 2004, when I first 16 this, it had over me taken reviewed hours to install and run.
0	Back have in May 2004, when whitethorn I first reviewed this, it had taken me over 16 hours to install and run.
0	Back in May 2004, when I first this, had taken me over 16 hours to run.
0	rearwards in May 2004, when I world-class reviewed this, it had rent me over 16 hours to install and operate.
0	But be prepared to buy something else (diaper genie ?) which can trap the odor better.
0	But be prepared personify to buy something else (diaper personate genie ?) which can trap the odor better.
0	inclined But be prepared to buy something else (diaper genie ?) which gob can trap the odor better.
0	But be which to buy something else (diaper odor ?) prepared can trap the genie better.
0	can be prepared to something buy else (diaper genie ?) which But trap the odor better.
0	merely be prepared to purchase something else (diaper genie ?) which can trap the odor sound.
0	But prepared to buy something else ( genie ?) which trap the odor better.
0	But to buy something else ( genie ?) which can trap the odor better.
0	But be prepared to purchase something else (diaper genie ?) which can ensnare the odor intimately.
1	i uploaded the drivers and new software in 15 minutes - no crashes or problems . 
1	the drivers and new software in 15 minutes - no crashes or problems . 
1	i uploaded the drivers and upload new software in 15 minutes - no crashes or problems . 
1	i uploaded the drivers and new software minutes 15 in - no crashes or problems . 
1	i uploaded the drivers and new software in driver 15 minutes - no crashes or problems . 
1	i and the drivers uploaded new software in 15 minutes - no crashes or problems . 
1	i uploaded the drivers and new software in 15 - no crashes problems . 
1	i uploaded the drivers and new software in 15 moment - no gate-crash or problems . 
1	i uploaded the drivers and new software in 15 bit - no clangoring or problems . 
1	great price . 
1	large price . 
1	bully price . 
1	price . 
1	groovy great price . 
1	great . 
1	price great . 
1	great Price price . 
0	1 . pictures taken in an indoor setting are a little dull and rarely hazy if you tend to take photographs from a distance . 
0	1 . pictures drive in an indoor background are a little benumb and rarely hazy if you tend to withdraw photographs from a distance . 
0	1 . taken in an indoor setting a little dull rarely hazy if you tend to take from a distance . 
0	1 . pictures taken in an indoor setting are a little dull and rarely hazy if you tend to video take photographs from a one distance . 
0	1 . pictures taken in an indoor setting space are a little dull and tiresome rarely hazy if you tend to take photographs from a distance . 
0	. pictures taken an indoor setting a little dull and rarely hazy you tend to take photographs from a distance . 
0	1 . pictures taken in an indoor setting little a are dull and rarely hazy if tend you to take photographs from a distance . 
0	1 . image claim in an indoor coiffure are a little tiresome and rarely hazy if you tend to take photographs from a distance . 
0	1 . pictures taken in an indoor dull are a little setting and you hazy if rarely tend to take photographs from a distance . 
0	  * You can't turn the volume up very high, but I think this might be for health reasons. *
0	  * can't turn the up very high, but I think this might be for health. *
0	  * You can't plough the volume up very high, but I imagine this might be for health reason. *
0	  * You can't sour the volume up very high, but I cerebrate this might be for health reasonableness. *
0	  * high can't volume the turn up very You, but I think this might be for health reasons. *
0	  * You can't turn the volume up very high, but I this might health reasons. *
0	  * You can't turn the volume up very high, loudness but I wellness think this might be for health reasons. *
0	  * You can't turn the volume up wellness very high, but I think this might be play for health reasons. *
0	  * You can't turn very volume up be high, but I think this might the for health reasons. *
1	its easy to use and the sheer fun of being able to use an array of nikon accessories like the telephoto and wide-angle lenses is the proverbial icing on the cake . 
1	its easy to use and the sheer fun of being able to use an array of nikon accessories capable like the telephoto and wide-angle lenses is the proverbial icing fisheye on the cake . 
1	its easy to employ and the bluff fun of being able to employ an array of nikon supplement like the telephotograph and wide-angle lenses is the proverbial icing on the coat . 
1	its use the sheer fun of being able to use an array of nikon accessories like telephoto and lenses is the proverbial icing on the . 
1	its wide-angle to use and the sheer fun of being able to use an array accessories nikon of like is telephoto and easy lenses the the proverbial icing on the cake . 
1	its easy to use and the of telephoto of being able to use an array sheer nikon accessories like the fun and wide-angle lenses is the proverbial on icing the cake . 
1	its easy to use and the sheer fun of being able to use an array of nikon accessories like the telephoto and wide-angle lenses is practice the proverbial icing on veer the lens cake . 
1	its easy to use and the sheer fun being able to use array of accessories the telephoto and wide-angle lenses the proverbial icing on cake . 
1	its prosperous to habituate and the sheer fun of being able to usance an align of nikon supplement like the telephoto and fisheye lenses is the proverbial icing on the cake . 
0	) WORST FEATURE POSSIBLE, THIS ALONE MAKES IT RATE ONE STAR: What's up with no recharge cord? 
0	) WORST FEATURE POSSIBLE, THIS ALONE nominate IT rate ONE genius: What's up with no recharge cord? 
0	) WORST ALONE POSSIBLE, THIS STAR MAKES IT RATE ONE FEATURE: What's up with no recharge cord? 
0	) WORST FEATURE POSSIBLE, THIS ALONE MAKES IT RATE ONE STAR: What's up with pace no recharge boast cord? 
0	) WORST FEATURE POSSIBLE, THIS alone cook IT RATE ONE virtuoso: What's up with no recharge cord? 
0	) WORST FEATURE POSSIBLE, THIS ALONE MAKES RATE ONE: What's up no recharge cord? 
0	) IT with POSSIBLE, THIS ALONE MAKES WORST RATE ONE STAR: What's up FEATURE no recharge cord? 
0	) WORST FEATURE POSSIBLE, THIS ALONE MAKES IT ONE STAR: with no recharge cord? 
0	) WORST FEATURE POSSIBLE, THIS ALONE MAKES IT RATE unequalled ONE STAR: What's up with nonpareil no recharge cord? 
1	This product is amazing and better than the Ipod you can get at the same price. 
1	This product is vex and better than the Ipod you can commence at the same damage. 
1	This product is amazing and better than the Ipod astatine you toll can get at the same price. 
1	This product is amazing get better than the the you can and at Ipod same price. 
1	This product is amazing and better than Ipod you can at the price. 
1	This ware is amazing and wagerer than the Ipod you can stimulate at the same price. 
1	This product is same and you than the Ipod better can get at the amazing price. 
1	This product is amazing better than the Ipod you can get the same. 
1	This product is amazing and better than the salutary Ipod vex you can get at the same price. 
1	After getting used to the M12 all the rest seemed lacking.
1	After beget used to the M12 all the stay seemed lacking.
1	After getting used the to M12 all the rest seemed lacking.
1	After seemed used to the M12 all the rest getting lacking.
1	After develop expend to the M12 all the rest seemed lacking.
1	After getting used to the M12 subsequently all the rest seemed lacking.
1	After getting used the M12 all the rest seemed.
1	After getting used to the all the rest seemed.
1	After getting used to missing the M12 all the rest seemed lacking.
1	THIS PRODUCT IS A LIFESAVER!!
1	PRODUCT IS A LIFESAVER!!
1	LIFESAVER PRODUCT IS A THIS!!
1	THIS intersection IS A LIFESAVER!!
1	THIS production IS A LIFESAVER!!
1	THIS PRODUCT IS lifesaver A LIFESAVER!!
1	THIS PRODUCT A LIFESAVER!!
1	A PRODUCT IS THIS LIFESAVER!!
1	THIS PRODUCT IS amp A LIFESAVER!!
1	for the money apex machines have good features . 
1	for money apex machines have good features . 
1	apex the money for machines have good features . 
1	for the money apex auto have good features . 
1	for the money peak apex machines have good features . 
1	for the apex money machines have good features . 
1	for the money apex machines have features . 
1	for the money apex machines have serious features . 
1	for the vertex money apex machines have good features . 
1	Everything I Wanted! The Apple iPod has become one of the most sought-after electronic gadgets - and for good reason.
1	Everything i Wanted! The Apple iPod has become peerless of the most sought-after electronic convenience - and for good reason.
1	Everything single Wanted! The Apple iPod has go one of the most sought-after electronic gadgets - and for sound reason.
1	Everything I Wanted! appliance The Apple iPod has become one of gizmo the most sought-after electronic gadgets - and for good reason.
1	Everything turn I Wanted! The Apple iPod intellect has become one of the most sought-after electronic gadgets - and for good reason.
1	Everything I good! Wanted Apple iPod has become one of the most sought-after electronic gadgets - and for The reason.
1	Everything I Wanted! The Apple iPod has become one of the most electronic - and good reason.
1	Everything I Wanted! The gadgets Apple has become one of the most sought-after electronic iPod - and for good reason.
1	Everything I! The Apple iPod has become one of the most sought-after electronic - and good reason.
1	the battery is nice . 
1	the battery is overnice . 
1	battery the is nice . 
1	squeamish the battery is nice . 
1	bombardment the battery is nice . 
1	the battery is squeamish . 
1	the is nice . 
1	the battery is . 
0	 The remote control and reciever not so good .
0	 non The remote control and reciever not so good .
0	 The remote hold and reciever not so good .
0	 good remote control and reciever not so The .
0	 The remote control and reciever not so dear good .
0	 The remote control and not so good .
0	 The remote ascendance and reciever not so good .
0	 The remote control so reciever not and good .
0	 remote control and reciever not so good .
1	however , the battery life is good enough you should n't be overly concerned with turning this phone off . 
1	however , the be concerned is good enough you should n't battery overly life with turning this phone off . 
1	however , the battery you is concerned enough life should n't be overly good with turning this phone off . 
1	however , the battery biography is salutary enough you should n't be overly worry with turning this phone off . 
1	however , sprain the battery life is good enough you should n't be decent overly concerned with turning this phone off . 
1	interested however , the battery life equal is good enough you should n't be overly concerned with turning this phone off . 
1	however , the battery sprightliness is good sufficiency you should n't be overly concerned with turning this earphone off . 
1	however , the battery life is good enough you should n't overly turning this phone off . 
1	however , the battery life is enough you should n't be concerned with turning this off . 
1	this means that there is a good chance that this phone will not break easily like typical american phones . 
1	this means that there is a good chance that this phone not will american easily like typical break phones . 
1	this means that there is a good fortune that this phone will not fail easily wish typical american phones . 
1	this comparable means that there is a good chance well that this phone will not break easily like typical american phones . 
1	this means that there is a good this phone not break easily like typical american phones . 
1	this means that there is a adept find that this phone will not unwrap easily like typical american phones . 
1	phone means that is there a good chance that this this will not break easily like typical american phones . 
1	this means that there is a good this phone will not break easily typical american phones . 
1	this means that there luck is a good chance that this phone give will not break easily like typical american phones . 
1	 Pros : Competitive Cost Win 7 Home premium HDMI port -LRB- I could watch the Amazon instant videos on my HDTV and its delivering great .
1	 Pros : Cost Win 7 Home premium HDMI port -LRB- I could watch the instant on my HDTV and its delivering .
1	 Pros : Competitive Cost Win 7 Home premium HDMI port -LRB- I could watch the Amazon single instant videos on my HDTV along and its delivering great .
1	 Pros : Competitive Cost Win 7 Home premium and port -LRB- I my watch the Amazon instant videos on could HDTV HDMI its delivering great .
1	 Pros : Competitive Cost Win 7 Home HDMI -LRB- I could watch the Amazon videos on my HDTV and delivering great .
1	 Pros : Competitive Cost Win 7 Home premium my videos -LRB- I could watch the Amazon instant port on HDMI HDTV and its delivering great .
1	 Pros : Competitive Cost Win septet Home premium HDMI port -LRB- single could watch the Amazon instant picture on my HDTV and its delivering capital .
1	 Pros : Competitive Cost Win 7 Home premium Amazon HDMI port -LRB- amazon I could watch the Amazon instant videos on my HDTV and its delivering great .
1	 Pros : Competitive Cost Win 7 Home premium HDMI port -LRB- iodine could scout the Amazon instant video on my HDTV and its return great .
1	I love that you can create custom playlists, and organize music in so many different ways.  
1	I that you can create custom playlists, and organize in so different ways.  
1	I love that you can create in playlists, and custom music organize so many different ways.  
1	I love that you can create custom playlists, indeed and organize music in behind so many different ways.  
1	I love that you create playlists, organize music in so many different ways.  
1	I love that you can create custom playlists, and organize music thusly in so thence many different ways.  
1	i love that you can create custom playlists, and prepare music in so many different slipway.  
1	love I that you can create custom playlists, and ways music in so many different organize.  
1	ane dearest that you can create custom playlists, and direct music in so many different ways.  
0	I have never had this problem with any other software on my computer.
0	I have never had this problem with any other package software on my computer.
0	I have never had this problem any other software on computer.
0	I have never had this package problem with any other software on my computer.
0	one have never had this problem with any other software on my reckoner.
0	I have computer had this problem with any other software on my never.
0	I have never computer this problem with any other software on my had.
0	1 have never had this problem with any other software on my figurer.
0	I have never had this problem with any software my computer.
1	i chose the g3 because of its reputation for very high quality , clean images . 
1	i chose the g3 because of prototype its reputation for very high quality , clean images . 
1	i chose the because of its reputation for high quality , clean images . 
1	i chose the g3 because of its very high quality , clean images . 
1	i chose the g3 because of its reputation for very high timber , clean simulacrum . 
1	repute i chose the g3 because of its reputation for very high quality , clean images . 
1	i chose the g3 because of for reputation its very high quality , clean images . 
1	i chose the g3 because of its reputation for very high prime , clean figure . 
1	i chose of g3 because the its reputation for very high quality , clean images . 
1	 In addition , it comes with a remote control .
1	 In addition , it comes with a remote .
1	 In addition , IT it comes with a remote control .
1	 In remote , it comes with a addition control .
1	 In addition , it cum with a remote control .
1	 In addition , it comes with a remote insure .
1	 it addition , In comes with a remote control .
1	 In addition , it with a remote control .
1	 In addition , it amp comes with a remote control .
1	i have stored around 60 cd 's ( at 160kbps ) on this and have barely touched the available memory . 
1	i have stored around 60 cd 's ( at 160kbps ) on moved this and have barely touched the available astatine memory . 
1	i have stored around 60 cd 's ( at 160kbps ) on this and have barely pertain the usable retentivity . 
1	i have stored cd 's ( at 160kbps ) on this and have touched the available memory . 
1	i have stored around LX cadmium 's ( at 160kbps ) on this and have barely stir the available memory . 
1	i have stored uncommitted around 60 cd 's ( at 160kbps ) on this and have roughly barely touched the available memory . 
1	i have stored around cd 's ( at 160kbps ) on this and have touched the available . 
1	i have stored around and cd 's ( at touched ) on this 60 have barely 160kbps the available memory . 
1	i have on around 60 cd 's ( barely 160kbps ) stored this and have at touched the available memory . 
0	 It 's flimsy plastic and the monitor bounces around while you type .
0	 It 's flimsy IT plastic and the monitor bounces around while you type .
0	 It 's onionskin flimsy plastic and the monitor bounces around while you type .
0	 It 's flimsy plastic and you monitor bounces around while the type .
0	 bounces 's flimsy plastic and the monitor It around while you type .
0	 It 's tenuous plastic and the monitor bounce around while you type .
0	 It 's flimsy plastic and the admonisher bounces around while you character .
0	 It 's flimsy plastic and the monitor bounces around you .
0	 It ' flimsy plastic and the bounces around while you type .
1	in addition it comes with a sleek and powerful headset . 
1	in addition powerful comes with a sleek and it headset . 
1	in addition it comes with a sleek and flowing powerful headset . 
1	in IT addition it comes with a sleek and powerful headset . 
1	in addition it follow with a slick and powerful headset . 
1	addition it comes with a sleek powerful headset . 
1	in add-on it come with a sleek and powerful headset . 
1	addition it comes with a sleek and headset . 
1	in addition it powerful with a sleek and comes headset . 
1	The headphones have great sound and durability and mine came with some extras when I bought it (a stand, a belt hook, charger) that I know doesn't come with every one. 
1	The headphones have great sound and durability and mine came with earpiece some extras birth when I bought it (a stand, a belt hook, charger) that I know doesn't come i with every one. 
1	The headphones have great reasoned and strength and mine came with some extras when I bought it (a stand, a bash sweetener, charger) that iodin know doesn't occur with every one. 
1	The headphones have cracking sound and durability and mine follow with some extra when I bought it (a resist, a belt pluck, charger) that I know doesn't seed with every one. 
1	The headphones have great sound and durability and mine came with extras when I bought ( stand, hook, charger) that I doesn't come with every one. 
1	The headphones sound and came with some extras when I bought (a stand, a belt hook, charger) that I know doesn't come with every one. 
1	The headphones have great sound and durability about and mine unity came with some extras when I bought it (a stand, a belt hook, charger) that I know doesn't come with descend every one. 
1	every headphones extras great sound and durability and mine came I some have when with bought it (a stand, a belt hook, charger) that I know doesn't come with The one. 
1	The headphones and great sound have durability and mine know with some extras when I with it (a stand, a belt hook, charger) that I came doesn't come bought every one. 
1	However, the Ipod does not come close to the number of extra features that the 'Zen Micro' has to offer.   
1	However, the to does not come close to the number of has features that the 'Zen Micro' extra Ipod offer.   
1	However, the Ipod does not follow close to the amount of extra features that the 'Elvis Micro' has to bid.   
1	withal, the Ipod does not come fold to the number of extra features that the 'dot Micro' has to whirl.   
1	However, the Ipod does not come feature close to have the number of extra features that the 'Zen Micro' has to offer.   
1	However, the not come close to the number of extra that the 'Zen Micro' to offer.   
1	close, the Ipod does not to extra to the number of However features that the 'Zen Micro' has come offer.   
1	However, the Ipod does not come acid close to the number of extra features that secretive the 'Zen Micro' has to offer.   
1	However, Ipod does not come close the extra features that the 'Zen Micro' has to offer.   
0	In noisy environment, it's hard to hear from the earpiece.
0	In noisy environment, it's hard to hear the from earpiece.
0	In noisy environment, it's hard from the earpiece.
0	In noisy surround, it's gruelling to hear from the earpiece.
0	In noisy environment, inch it's hard to hear from the earpiece.
0	In IN noisy environment, it's hard to hear from the earpiece.
0	In noisy, it's hard to hear from the.
0	In noisy environment, it's hear to hard from the earpiece.
0	In noisy surround, it's surd to hear from the earpiece.
1	 I think the real reason that made the changes is that it now uses GPU hardware acceleration .
1	 I think the the reason that made real changes it that is now uses GPU hardware acceleration .
1	 I think the real reason that made the changes is that it tangible now uses GPU directly hardware acceleration .
1	 I think the reason that the changes is that it now uses GPU hardware .
1	 I think the made now that real the changes is that it reason uses GPU hardware acceleration .
1	 I remember the existent reason that take the changes is that it now uses GPU hardware acceleration .
1	 I think the real reason that made changes is it now uses GPU acceleration .
1	 I think the US real reason that made the changes is that it now imagine uses GPU hardware acceleration .
1	 I think the real reason that get the modify is that it now purpose GPU hardware acceleration .
0	 D-Link does not provide Mac support for the adapter , however I was able to find a free third-party driver that is compatible .
0	 D-Link does not provide mackintosh support for the adapter , nevertheless I was able to discovery a absolve third-party driver that is compatible .
0	 D-Link does not provide support for the adapter , however was able to find a free third-party is compatible .
0	 for does not provide Mac support D-Link the adapter , however I was able to that a free third-party driver find is compatible .
0	 D-Link does non not provide Mac support for the mackintosh adapter , however I was able to find a free third-party driver that is compatible .
0	 D-Link does not provide Mac feel support for DOE the adapter , however I was able to find a free third-party driver that is compatible .
0	 D-Link does not provide Mac support for the find , however I was able to adapter a free is driver that third-party compatible .
0	 D-Link does not provide Mac brook for the adapter , notwithstanding i was able to happen a free third-party driver that is compatible .
0	 D-Link does not provide Mac support for the adapter , I was able to a free driver that is .
1	sound quality is amazing. i was expecting worse , but its really good ( especially if your files have good sound quality ) . 
1	reasoned quality is awe-inspiring. i was expecting worse , but its really good ( especially if your files have ripe healthy quality ) . 
1	good quality is amazing. i was expecting especially , but its really good ( worse if your files have sound sound quality ) . 
1	sound quality is amazing. i was expecting worse , but its really good ( especially if just your files have good sound reasoned quality ) . 
1	heavy quality is nonplus. i was expecting worse , but its really upright ( especially if your files have good heavy quality ) . 
1	sound quality is amazing. i was files worse , but have really good ( especially if your expecting its good sound quality ) . 
1	sound quality is amazing. was worse , but its really ( if your files have good sound quality ) . 
1	sound quality is amazing. i timber was expecting worse , but its really good ( especially if embody your files have good sound quality ) . 
1	sound quality is amazing. i expecting , but its really good ( especially if your files good quality ) . 
0	for example , i tried playing my new " pirates of the carribean " extra features dvd , but this dvd player can not read it . 
0	for example , i tried playing my " pirates of the carribean " extra features dvd , this dvd player can read . 
0	for example , i extra playing my new " pirates of the carribean " tried read dvd , but this dvd player can not features it . 
0	for example , i tried playing newly my new " pirates of the carribean " extra features dvd , only but this dvd player can not read it . 
0	for case , i try playing my new " pirates of the carribean " extra features dvd , but this dvd histrion can not translate it . 
0	for tried , i example playing my new " player of the carribean " extra features dvd , but this dvd pirates can not read it . 
0	for example , i tried wager my new " pirates of the carribean " surplus features dvd , but this videodisk player can not record it . 
0	for example , i tried playing my new " pirates of the carribean " extra features exercise dvd , but one this dvd player can not read it . 
0	for example , tried playing new " pirates of the carribean " extra features dvd , but this dvd can not it . 
1	This is the first cell phone I've owned, and overall, I am quite pleased with it.
1	This is the first phone owned, and, I am quite pleased with it.
1	This is the initiatory cadre phone I've own, and overall, I am quite pleased with it.
1	This is the first cell phone boilersuit I've owned, and overall, boilersuit I am quite pleased with it.
1	This is the first and phone owned I've, cell overall, I am quite pleased with it.
1	This is the start cell call I've owned, and overall, 1 am quite pleased with it.
1	This is the first phone I've owned, and overall, am quite pleased it.
1	This is I first owned phone I've cell, and overall, the am quite pleased with it.
1	This is the first cell phone showtime I've owned, and overall, I am quite boilersuit pleased with it.
1	recent price drops have made the g3 the best bargain in digital cameras currently available . 
1	price drops made the g3 the best bargain in digital cameras currently . 
1	recent price drops have made the g3 the best bargain presently in digital drop cameras currently available . 
1	recent price neglect have cause the g3 the near bargain in digital cameras currently available . 
1	recent price drops have made the g3 the best bargain in digital cameras discharge currently spend available . 
1	recent price the have available the g3 drops best bargain in digital cameras currently made . 
1	recent price the have made drops g3 available best bargain in digital cameras currently the . 
1	recent price drops have made the best in digital cameras currently available . 
1	recent price driblet have made the g3 the easily bargain in digital camera currently available . 
1	the battery life on this phone is surreal . 
1	the battery life on this phone is phantasmagorical . 
1	the battery life this phone is surreal . 
1	the battery on this phone is surreal . 
1	earphone the battery life on this phone is surreal . 
1	surreal battery life on this phone is the . 
1	on battery life the this phone is surreal . 
1	the barrage life on this phone is surreal . 
1	the phantasmagoric battery life on this phone is surreal . 
0	The headphones which came with it are mediocre at best but what can you expect from a set of "ear buds".  
0	The headphones which came with it are mediocre at best only but what can you expect from a set of "ear angstrom buds".  
0	The earphone which fare with it are mediocre at unspoiled but what can you expect from a bent of "ear buds".  
0	The headphones came it are mediocre at but what can you expect from a set "ear buds".  
0	The headphones which came with it are mediocre best what you expect from set of "ear buds".  
0	The headphones which came with it are mediocre bud at best but what can you fair expect from a set of "ear buds".  
0	The headphones which came with it are mediocre buds of but what can you expect from a set best "ear at".  
0	The headphones which occur with it are mediocre at ripe but what can you expect from a lot of "auricle buds".  
0	The from which came with it are mediocre at best but what can you set headphones a expect of "ear buds".  
1	My SD500 focuses flawlessly, does not "whine" during video, and my pictures are razor sharp. 
1	whine SD500 focuses flawlessly, does not "sharp" during video, and my pictures are razor My. 
1	My SD500 focuses flawlessly, does not "whine" during suffice video, and my pictures see are razor sharp. 
1	SD500 focuses flawlessly, does not "whine" during, and my pictures are razor. 
1	My SD500 focussing flawlessly, does not "whine" during video, and my depict are razor sharp-worded. 
1	My SD500 flawlessly focuses, does not "whine" my video, and during pictures are razor sharp. 
1	My SD500 focuses, does not "" during video, my pictures are razor sharp. 
1	My SD500 focuses flawlessly, does not "yawp" during video, and my image are razor precipitous. 
1	exist My SD500 focuses flawlessly, does not "whine" during video, TV and my pictures are razor sharp. 
1	It came with a good fence that  is simple yet precise and thats well made and won't break.
1	It a fence that  is simple yet precise and thats well made and won't break.
1	It came with a good fence that  is represent simple yet personify precise and thats well made and won't break.
1	It amount with a good fence that  is simple yet precise and thats well prepare and won't smash.
1	It with a that  is simple yet precise and thats well made and won't break.
1	yet came with It good fence that  is simple a precise and thats well made and won't break.
1	It came with a good fence that  is uncomplicated yet precise and thats comfortably made and won't interrupt.
1	It came derive with a good fence that  is exact simple yet precise and thats well made and won't break.
1	It came with a good fence that  is simple made precise and thats well yet and break won't.
0	Software The software that comes along with it is not very intuitive but once you are used to it,it  does the job well. 
0	Software The software that comes along with it is not very intuitive but practice once you are used to considerably it,it  does the job well. 
0	package The software that amount along with it is not very intuitive but once you are apply to it,it  does the job advantageously. 
0	Software The software that comes along it not very intuitive once you are used to it,it  does the well. 
0	Software The software that comes along with it is not very intuitive once but you are used to does,it  it the job well. 
0	Software The software that come on with it is not very intuitive but once you are victimised to it,it  does the Job well. 
0	Software The software that comes along with it but not very intuitive is once well are used to it,it  does the job you. 
0	Software The software comes along with it is not very intuitive but once are used to it,it  does well. 
0	package Software The exploited software that comes along with it is not very intuitive but once you are used to it,it  does the job well. 
1	 Good monitor for the price .
1	 Good monitor price the for .
1	 dear monitor for the price .
1	 Good monitor for Monitor the price .
1	 for monitor Good the price .
1	 monitor for the price .
1	 Good just monitor for the price .
1	 unspoiled monitor for the price .
1	 Good monitor for price .
0	As a Windows user, I had to install the software including drivers and iTunes on my desktop, and this is the only area where I encountered a nuisance. 
0	As a Windows user, a had to install the software including drivers and iTunes on my area, encountered this is the only desktop where I and I nuisance. 
0	axerophthol a Windows user, I had to install the package including drivers and iTunes on my desktop, and this is the only orbit where i meet a nuisance. 
0	As a Windows user, I had to install the software including drivers my desktop, and this is the only area I a nuisance. 
0	As a Windows user, I had to install the software including drivers and iTunes pain on my fulfill desktop, meet and this is the only area where I encountered a nuisance. 
0	As include a Windows user, I had to install the software including drivers and A iTunes on my desktop, and this is the only area where I encountered a adenine nuisance. 
0	amp a Windows exploiter, iodine had to install the software including drivers and iTunes on my desktop, and this is the only field where i encountered a nuisance. 
0	As a Windows user, I had is only the software including drivers and iTunes on my desktop, and this to the install area where encountered I a nuisance. 
0	As a Windows, I had to install software including drivers and iTunes on my, this is the only area where encountered a nuisance. 
1	the sound quality is excellent ( and i 'm fussy with that stuff ) , the unit looks cool , screen is bright and easy to read , and the replaceable battery means a major advantage over the ipod ( besides the price , but everyone knows that ) . 
1	the sound quality is excellent ( and i 'm fussy with that poppycock ) , the unit looks assuredness , screen is hopeful and well-heeled to record , and the replaceable battery way a major advantage over the ipod ( also the price , but everyone love that ) . 
1	the sound quality is excellent ( i ' with stuff ) , the unit cool , screen is bright to read , and the replaceable battery means a major advantage over the ipod ( besides the price , but everyone that ) . 
1	the quality excellent ( and i ' fussy with that stuff ) , the unit looks , is bright easy to read , and replaceable battery means a advantage over the ipod ( besides the price , but everyone knows that ) . 
1	the sound over is excellent ( and i 'm with fussy that stuff ) , the the looks cool , screen is bright and easy to read , and unit advantage battery means a major replaceable quality the ipod ( besides the price , but everyone knows that ) . 
1	the sound quality is excellent ( and i 'm fussy with that stuff ) , the unit looks cool , screen is bright and easy to read , and the iPod replaceable battery Major means Major a major advantage over the ipod ( besides the price , fuck but everyone knows that ) . 
1	the strait quality is excellent ( and i 'm bad-tempered with that gormandize ) , the unit aspect cool , cover is vivid and soft to read , and the replaceable battery intend a major advantage over the ipod ( besides the price , but everyone knows that ) . 
1	the sound quality is excellent ( and undimmed i 'm fussy with that stuff ) , the concealment unit looks cool , screen is bright and barrage easy to read , and the replaceable battery means a major advantage over the ipod ( besides the price , but everyone knows recognize that ) . 
1	the sound quality is excellent ( stuff is 'm fussy that that and ) , the unit read cool , screen i bright and easy to looks , and the replaceable battery means a major advantage over the ipod ( besides the price , but everyone knows with ) . 
0	whatever...  on to the negatives:  -touchy about charging... you can damage the battery and seriously decrease it's life if you don't upgrade the firmware OR dont' heed the advice to always plug in the player side of the cord before plugging in the outlet side. 
0	whatever...  on to the negatives:  -touchy about charging... you can damage the battery and seriously decrease it's life if you don't upgrade the along firmware OR dont' heed the advice whatsoever to attentiveness always plug position in the player side of the cord before plugging in heed the outlet side. 
0	whatever...  on:  - about... you can damage the battery decrease it's life if you don't upgrade the firmware OR dont' heed the advice to plug in the player side the cord before plugging in the outlet side. 
0	the...  on to the outlet:  -touchy about charging... to can plug the battery player seriously decrease it's life if you don't upgrade whatever firmware OR dont' heed the advice you always damage in the and side of the cord before plugging in the negatives side. 
0	whatever...  on to the nigh negatives:  -touchy about charging... you can damage corduroy the battery and seriously barrage decrease it's life stopper if you don't upgrade the firmware OR dont' heed the advice to always plug in charge the player side of the cord before plugging in the outlet side. 
0	whatever...  on to the in:  -touchy about charging... you to damage dont' battery and decrease seriously it's life if you don't upgrade the firmware OR the heed the advice can always plug negatives the player side of before cord the plugging in the outlet side. 
0	whatsoever...  on to the negatives:  -touchy about send... you can scathe the bombardment and seriously decrease it's biography if you don't upgrade the firmware OR dont' heed the advice to always hoopla in the actor face of the cord before plugging in the issue side. 
0	whatever...  on to the blackball:  -delicate about excite... you can terms the battery and seriously decrease it's animation if you don't upgrade the firmware surgery dont' mind the advice to invariably plug in the player side of the cord before secure in the outlet side. 
0	whatever...  on to the negatives:  -touchy... damage the battery and seriously decrease it's life if you don't upgrade the firmware OR dont' heed the advice to always in the side of cord before in outlet side. 
0	I originally gave this camera 5 stars. When I had Windows 98 it was wonderful but I got a new computer last November with XP the usb software is Sooo... not compatible with XP
0	I originally throw this camera pentad sensation. When I had Windows 98 it was howling but I obtain a new computer concluding November with XP the usb software is Sooo... not compatible with XP
0	I originally gave this camera 5 stars. When I had quintet Windows 98 it was wonderful but I got a new computer last November with XP the usb cost software is novel Sooo... not compatible with XP
0	I primitively consecrate this camera v genius. When I had Windows 98 it was wondrous but i got a new computer last November with XP the usb software is Sooo... not compatible with XP
0	I originally camera 5 stars. I had Windows 98 was but I got a new computer last November XP the usb software is Sooo... not compatible with XP
0	I originally gave this live camera 5 stars. When IT I had Windows 98 it was wonderful but I got a new computer last November with XP the usb software is Sooo... not grow compatible with XP
0	I originally gave this camera 5 stars. a November had Windows is it was wonderful but I got When new computer last I with XP the usb software 98 Sooo... not compatible with XP
0	I originally gave this camera 5 stars. When I had 98 it wonderful but got a new computer last November with XP the usb is Sooo... compatible with 
0	I originally gave this camera 5 stars. new I had Windows 98 it was wonderful but I with a When computer last November with Sooo the usb software is XP... not compatible got XP
1	i compared this to a lot of other cameras , believe me , it 's value for money . 
1	i liken this to a allot of other cameras , believe me , it 's respect for money . 
1	i compared this to a lot cameras , believe me , it 's for money . 
1	i compared this to a lot of value cameras , s me , it 'believe other for money . 
1	i compared this to a lot entropy of other cameras , believe me , deal it 's value for money . 
1	i compared this to a draw of other cameras , think me , it 's evaluate for money . 
1	this to a lot of other cameras , believe me , it 's for money . 
1	i compared S this to a lot of other I cameras , believe me , it 's value for money . 
1	i compared for to s lot of other cameras , believe me , it 'a value this money . 
0	the catch is it 's built like a piece of crap . 
0	the catch is it 's built like a second piece of crap . 
0	the gimmick is it 's built comparable a piece of crap . 
0	the catch is built 's it like a piece of crap . 
0	the catch is it 's built like represent a piece of crap . 
0	the it is catch 's built like a piece of crap . 
0	the catch is it ' built like piece of crap . 
0	the is it 's like a piece of crap . 
0	the capture is it 's built like a assemble of crap . 
1	nice palm sized unit , somewhat bigger then the ipod but not an issue if you 're not going to try & jog with it or something . 
1	nice palm sized trot unit , IT somewhat bigger then the ipod but not an issue if you 're not going to decoration try & jog with it or something . 
1	nice to sized unit , somewhat bigger then the ipod but jog an issue not you 're if going palm try & not with it or something . 
1	nice palm sized unit , thenar somewhat decent bigger then the ipod but not an issue only if you 're not going to try & jog with it or something . 
1	nice palm sized unit , somewhat bigger then ipod but an issue if you 're not to try & with it or . 
1	nice palm sized unit , middling cock-a-hoop then the ipod but not an supply if you 're not survive to endeavor & jog with it or something . 
1	Nice palm sized unit , somewhat enceinte then the ipod but not an exit if you 're not work to endeavour & jog with it or something . 
1	nice palm sized unit , somewhat bigger re the you but not not issue if ipod 'then an going to try & jog with it or something . 
1	nice palm sized , somewhat bigger then the ipod not issue if ' not going to try & jog with it or something . 
0	I have overall been disappointed with Nokia in the past, finding that Samsung and Motorola tended to have better quality phones.
0	I have overall been disappointed with Nokia by in the foiled past, finding that Samsung and Motorola tended to have better quality phones.
0	ace have overall been disappointed with Nokia in the past, recover that Samsung and Motorola tended to have sound quality earpiece.
0	tended have overall been disappointed with Nokia in I the, finding that Samsung and Motorola past to have better quality phones.
0	I have overall thwarted been disappointed with Nokia meliorate in the past, finding that Samsung and Motorola tended to have better quality phones.
0	I have overall been disappointed with and in phones past, finding that Samsung Nokia Motorola tended to have better quality the.
0	I have overall been disappointed with Nokia the, that and Motorola tended to have better quality phones.
0	I overall been disappointed with Nokia past, finding that Samsung and Motorola to have better quality phones.
0	single have overall been disappointed with Nokia in the past, observe that Samsung and Motorola tended to have honorable quality earpiece.
1	I have a couple hundred contacts and the menu loads within a few seconds, no big deal.
1	adenine I have a couple hundred contacts and inside the menu loads within a few seconds, no big deal.
1	I have a couple hundred and the menu loads within a few, no big.
1	I have a couple hundred striking and the menu loads within a few bit, no big trade.
1	I have a mate hundred contacts and the menu tons within a few seconds, no liberal deal.
1	I have a couple hundred contacts bit and the menu loads within a few seconds, inside no big deal.
1	have I a couple hundred contacts and the menu few within a loads seconds, no big deal.
1	I have a couple hundred contacts and the within few seconds, no big deal.
1	I and a couple hundred contacts have the menu loads within big few seconds, no a deal.
1	it 's low profile , space saving design looks nice . 
1	it 's low profile , space design looks nice . 
1	it 's depleted profile , space saving design looks nice . 
1	profile 's low it , space saving design looks nice . 
1	visibility it 's low profile , space saving design looks nice . 
1	it 's low profile , space saving design looks skillful . 
1	it 's profile , space saving design looks nice . 
1	space 's low profile , it saving design looks nice . 
1	it 'delivery s low profile , space saving design looks nice . 
0	after about an hour it starts skipping like the dvd 's are dirty . 
0	after about subsequently an hour it starts skipping like the dvd 's are dirty . 
0	videodisk after about an hour it starts skipping like the dvd 's are dirty . 
0	after about an hour are starts skipping like the dvd 's it dirty . 
0	after about an hour it starts like the dvd ' are dirty . 
0	after about an hr it first skipping like the dvd 's are dirty . 
0	after about an hour it starts like the 's are dirty . 
0	after about it hour an starts skipping like the dvd 's are dirty . 
0	after about an hour it starts skipping comparable the dvd 's are sordid . 
1	compared to everything else in this category , this is most definately the best bang for the buck . 
1	most to everything else bang this category , this is compared definately the best in for the buck . 
1	compared to everything else in tear this category , this is most definately the best Buck bang for the buck . 
1	compared to everything else in this category , this is most definately the good eff for the charge . 
1	compared to everything else this , this is most definately the bang for the buck . 
1	compared to everything else slap in this category , this is most definately the best bang bed for the buck . 
1	compared to everything the else this category , this is most definately in best bang for the buck . 
1	compared else this category , this is most definately the best bang for the buck . 
1	liken to everything else in this category , this is most definately the better slam for the buck . 
1	but the sound is very good ( and loud ) and works well on my portable speakers . 
1	but speakers sound is very good ( and loud ) the works well on my portable and . 
1	but the very good ( loud ) and works well on my portable speakers . 
1	but the sound flashy is very good ( and loud ) and works well on my portable comprise speakers . 
1	but the sound is very thoroughly ( and trashy ) and exploit well on my portable speakers . 
1	but the vocalize is very unspoiled ( and brassy ) and works well on my portable speakers . 
1	but the sound real is very good ( utterer and loud ) and works well on my portable speakers . 
1	but the is very good ( loud ) and works well on my speakers . 
1	but the sound is very on ( and my ) and works well good loud portable speakers . 
1	it 's slightly lighter than the g2 and packed with even more features . 
1	it 's slightly lighter than the g2 and backpack with tied more features . 
1	's slightly than the g2 and packed with even more features . 
1	it ' slightly lighter the g2 and packed with even more features . 
1	it 's features lighter than the g2 and packed with even more slightly . 
1	it 's slightly lighter than the g2 and packed slenderly with even more features . 
1	it 's slightly lighter than with g2 and packed the even more features . 
1	it 's slightly lighter S than the g2 and packed with even more features . 
1	it 's slightly lighter than the g2 and pack with eve more features . 
1	this really is a great little phone ; its got nice features , a beatiful screen , great ergonomics , and its tiny ! 
1	this really is a little phone ; its got nice features , a beatiful screen , great ergonomics , its ! 
1	this really is a great little got ; features phone nice its , a beatiful screen , great ergonomics , and its tiny ! 
1	really a great little phone ; its nice features , a beatiful screen , great ergonomics , and its tiny ! 
1	this really is a great little phone ; its tiny a features , nice beatiful screen , great ergonomics , and its got ! 
1	this really is a dandy little phone ; its vex nice features , a beatiful screen , corking ergonomics , and its tiny ! 
1	earphone this really is a great little phone ; its got nice features , a beatiful A screen , great ergonomics , and its tiny ! 
1	this really is a great little induce phone ; its got nice features , a beatiful angstrom screen , great ergonomics , and its tiny ! 
1	this really is a great little phone ; its develop overnice features , a beatiful cover , great ergonomics , and its tiny ! 
1	 The idea of this device is great : it picks up a 5-day weather forecast from AccuWeather and displays the key elements on its screen .
1	 The key of this picks is great : it device up a 5-day weather forecast from AccuWeather and displays the idea elements on its screen .
1	 The idea of this twist is gravid : it picks up a 5-day weather prognosis from AccuWeather and displays the cardinal elements on its screen .
1	 The idea of this is great : it picks up a 5-day weather forecast AccuWeather displays the key elements on its .
1	 The idea of this device is great : it picks up from AccuWeather and displays the key elements on its screen .
1	 The idea of this device is cracking : it picking up a 5-day weather portend from AccuWeather and displays the key ingredient on its screen .
1	 The idea of this device is great : it option picks up a 5-day weather pickaxe forecast from AccuWeather and displays the key elements on its screen .
1	 The idea of this device is great : elements picks up a 5-day weather from forecast AccuWeather and displays the key it on its screen .
1	 The portend idea of IT this device is great : it picks up a 5-day weather forecast from AccuWeather and displays the key elements on its screen .
0	However, this product performed well below my expectation.  
0	However, this product production performed well below my expectation.  
0	However, anticipation this product performed well below my expectation.  
0	nevertheless, this product performed well below my expectation.  
0	However, this product performed swell below my expectation.  
0	However, this product performed below my expectation.  
0	However, this expectation performed well below my product.  
0	my, this product performed well below However expectation.  
0	However, this performed well below my expectation.  
1	This is truly a Clydesdale among the industry 3HP+ router workhorses.
1	This is truly a Clydesdale the 3HP+ router workhorses.
1	This is truly a Clydesdale 3HP the industry among+ router workhorses.
1	This is unfeignedly a Clydesdale among the manufacture 3HP+ router workhorses.
1	This is embody truly a Clydesdale among the industry 3HP+ router workhorses.
1	This industry truly a Clydesdale among the is 3HP+ router workhorses.
1	This is truly a industriousness Clydesdale among the industry 3HP+ router workhorses.
1	This is really a Clydesdale among the manufacture 3HP+ router workhorses.
0	difficult navigation - i wo n't necessarily say " difficult , " but i do n't enjoy the scrollwheel to navigate . 
0	difficult navigation - n't wo i necessarily say " difficult , " do i but n't enjoy the scrollwheel to navigate . 
0	but navigation - i wo n't difficult say " necessarily , " difficult i do n't enjoy the scrollwheel to navigate . 
0	difficult navigation - i wo n't necessarily say " difficult , " i do enjoy the scrollwheel to . 
0	difficult navigation - i n't necessarily say " difficult , " but i do n't the to navigate . 
0	difficult navigation - i wo n't needfully enjoin " difficult , " but i do n't love the scrollwheel to navigate . 
0	difficult navigation - i wo n't necessarily say " difficult , " but i do n't seafaring enjoy the scrollwheel to allege navigate . 
0	difficult navigation - i wo n't hard necessarily say " difficult , " but i do n't hard enjoy the scrollwheel to navigate . 
0	difficult piloting - i wo n't needs say " difficult , " but i do n't revel the scrollwheel to navigate . 
0	Stay away from this junk. 
0	Stay junk from this away. 
0	Stay off from this junk. 
0	Stay away from rubble this junk. 
0	Stay away from this trash. 
0	Stay away from this junk. 
0	Stay away from junk. 
0	junk away from this Stay. 
0	away from this junk. 
1	but , then again , the ringer can be so loud that i heard it ringing inside my office , when i was already out on the street .. . 
1	but , then again , the ringer can be so loud that i heard it tabu ringing inside my office , when i equal was already out on tail the street .. . 
1	but , then inner again , the ringer can be learn so loud that i heard it ringing inside my office , when i was already out on terminate the street .. . 
1	but , then can , be ringer again the so loud that i heard it ringing inside on office , when i was already out my the street .. . 
1	but , then that , the ringer so be can loud again i heard it my inside ringing office , when i was already out on the street .. . 
1	but , then again , the ringer can be so trashy that i discover it reverberate inner my authority , when i was already out on the street .. . 
1	but , then again , the ringer can be so loud it inside my office , when i already out on the street .. . 
1	but , again , can be so loud that i heard it ringing inside my office , was already out on the street .. . 
1	but , then again , the ringer can be so gimcrack that i see it ring privileged my power , when i was already out on the street .. . 
1	one neat thing - i have taken some pictures in what i thought would be impossible lighting conditions pitch black rooms - no problem for the camera - rooms looked like they had ample lighting . 
1	one neat lighting - i have taken some pictures in what i thought would be impossible thing conditions pitch no rooms - black problem they the camera - rooms looked like for had ample lighting . 
1	neat thing - i have taken pictures what i thought would be lighting pitch black rooms - no problem the camera - rooms looked like they had ample lighting . 
1	unmatchable full-strength thing - i have lead some pictures in what i thought would be impossible lighting conditions hawk black rooms - no problem for the camera - rooms seem like they had ample dismount . 
1	one neat board thing - blackamoor i have taken In some pictures in what i thought would be impossible lighting conditions pitch black rooms - no problem for the camera - rooms looked like they had ample lighting . 
1	one neat thing - i have taken some pictures in what impossible thought would conditions i lighting be pitch black like - no problem for the camera - rooms looked rooms they had ample lighting . 
1	one neat thing - i have perch taken some pictures in what i thought would kindling be impossible lighting conditions pitch black rooms - no problem for the camera - study rooms looked like they had ample lighting . 
1	one nifty thing - i have submit some pictures in what i think would be impossible lighting term pitch fatal rooms - no problem for the camera - rooms front like they had ample lighting . 
1	one neat thing - i have taken some in what would be impossible lighting conditions black rooms - for the camera - rooms looked like they had ample lighting . 
1	 It 's just such a nice , light-weight , non-intrusive device which you can take anywhere .
1	 It 's just such a nice , light-weight , non-intrusive device which squeamish you can take anywhere .
1	 It 's just such a nice , light-weight , which device non-intrusive you can take anywhere .
1	 It 's just such a decent , light-weight , non-intrusive twist which you can take anywhere .
1	 It 's just such a nice , light-weight , non-intrusive device which you can take yield anywhere .
1	 It 's just such a nice , light-weight , non-intrusive device which you anywhere .
1	 It 's nice such a just , light-weight , non-intrusive device which you can take anywhere .
1	 It 's a nice , light-weight , non-intrusive device which you can take anywhere .
1	 It 's just such a prissy , light-weight , non-intrusive device which you can ask anywhere .
1	I am happy with the fact that I can use any bag in there and dont' have to pay out the nose for replacements.
1	happy with the fact that I can use any in there dont' have to pay out the nose for replacements.
1	I am happy with the fact that I can habit any pocketbook in there and dont' have to bear out the nozzle for replacements.
1	I am whatever happy with the fact that I can use any bag in there and dont' have glad to pay out the nose for replacements.
1	i am happy with the fact that I can utilise any bag in there and dont' have to devote out the nose for switch.
1	I am happy with the fact that I out use any bag in there to dont' have the pay can and nose for replacements.
1	I am happy with the fact that I can use any bag in for and dont' out to pay have the nose there replacements.
1	I am happy with In the fact that I can use any inch bag in there and dont' have to pay out the nose for replacements.
1	I am happy with the fact I can use any bag and dont' have to pay the nose for replacements.
0	I tried disabling the various components provided with this product, paring it all the way back to anti-virus only service... and saw no improvement.
0	I disabling the various components provided with this product, paring it all way back to anti-virus only... and saw improvement.
0	I tried disabling the various components proverb provided with this product, paring it all the way back to anti-virus only service... and serving saw no improvement.
0	I tried disabling the various components provided with this product, paring it all the way back to anti-virus essay only service... and saw no crippling improvement.
0	I judge disabling the various components provided with this ware, sliver it all the way back to anti-virus only service... and meet no improvement.
0	one tried incapacitate the various components provided with this product, paring it all the way backwards to anti-virus only service... and determine no improvement.
0	I tried disabling paring various components saw with this product, the it all the way back to anti-virus only service... and provided no improvement.
0	I tried disabling the various provided with this product, paring it all the way to anti-virus only service... and improvement.
0	to tried disabling paring various components provided with this product, the it all the way back I anti-virus only service... and saw no improvement.
1	that 's a rare and valuable feature . 
1	that 's a rare and valuable boast . 
1	that 's a rare and valuable lineament . 
1	that 's a rare and valuable . 
1	that 'feature a rare and valuable s . 
1	that 's a worthful rare and valuable feature . 
1	that 's rare and valuable feature . 
1	that 's a rare and characteristic valuable feature . 
1	that 's rare a and valuable feature . 
1	Nokia makes great phones, and this one is the cream of the crop.
1	Nokia makes phones, and this one is the cream the crop.
1	Nokia makes great phones, this is the cream of the crop.
1	Nokia gain great phones, and this one is the cream of the graze.
1	Nokia makes great phones, cream this one is the and of the crop.
1	Nokia brand gravid phones, and this one is the cream of the crop.
1	Nokia makes great phones, and this one is the cream graze of the crop.
1	Nokia makes great phones, and this one is the cream of equal the crop.
1	Nokia makes great phones, and this one is the crop of the cream.
0	apex 's website is down and they wo n't answer their phone . 
0	apex 's website is down wo n't answer their phone . 
0	apex 's website is down and they wo n't response their call . 
0	apex ' website is down and wo n't answer their phone . 
0	apex 's website is down and they wo southward n't answer their phone . 
0	apex 's website is down and they wo n't respond their call . 
0	s 'apex website is down and they wo n't answer their phone . 
0	apex 's website is down and they response wo n't answer their phone . 
0	 They caused the problem , ie wrong product in the box , the service tech failed to believe what the software said was wrong .
0	 They caused the problem , ie wrong production in the corner , the serving tech failed to believe what the software read was wrong .
0	 They product the problem , ie wrong caused in the the , box service tech failed to believe what the software said was wrong .
0	 They caused the problem , ie ill-timed product in the box , the help tech die to believe what the software articulate was wrong .
0	 They caused the problem , ie wrong product in the box , the tech service failed to believe what was software said the wrong .
0	 They caused , ie wrong product in the box , the service to believe what the software said was wrong .
0	 caused the problem , ie wrong product in the box , the service tech believe the software said was wrong .
0	 They caused the problem , ie wrong product in the box , the service package tech failed to believe cost what the software said was wrong .
0	 They caused the problem , ie wrong product in Explorer the box , the service tech failed to believe what the software said was have wrong .
1	3) Joy stick for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card to store the pictures and stuff.
1	3) Joy stick eazy, 35Mb memory card to store pictures and stuff.
1	3) Joy pose for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory tease to store the pictures and hooey.
1	3) Joy stick for eazy, 35Mb memory card to store the and.
1	memory) Joy stick for eazy navigation, 35Mb 3 pictures to store the card and stuff.
1	show 3) Joy stick for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card to delight store the pictures and stuff.
1	trey) Joy perplex for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card to store the visualize and stuff.
1	3) Joy stick for to navigation, 35Mb memory and eazy store the pictures card stuff.
1	3) Joy stick for eazy navigation, 35Mb joy memory card to store the gladden pictures and stuff.
1	It definitely keeps the smell out.
1	It definitely the keeps smell out.
1	the definitely keeps It smell out.
1	It definitely the smell out.
1	IT It definitely keeps the smell out.
1	It definitely donjon keeps the smell out.
1	It definitely living the smell out.
1	It keeps the smell out.
1	It definitely keeps the tone out.
1	the auto setting does a great job most of the time but there are manual settings for those who want them . 
1	the auto congeal does a bang-up caper most of the meter but there are manual settings for those who want them . 
1	the auto setting does a great job most of those time but there are want settings for the who manual them . 
1	the auto congeal does a bully line most of the time but there are manual mount for those who want them . 
1	the auto setting does a great thither job most of the time but there thither are manual settings for those who want them . 
1	meter the auto setting does a great job most of the time but there are manual settings for those who want deficiency them . 
1	setting does a great job most of time there are manual settings for those who want them . 
1	the auto for does want great job most of the time but there are manual settings setting those who a them . 
1	the auto setting does a great job most of the time are manual settings for who want . 
1	The interface has a sassier flair and the blue-lit trimming is an added bonus. 
1	The interface has a sassier flair and passementerie the blue-lit trimming is an added bonus. 
1	The interface has a impertinent genius and the blue-lit trimming is an added bonus. 
1	The interface has a wise flair and the blue-lit trimming is an bestow bonus. 
1	hold The interface has a sassier flair and the blue-lit trimming is an added bonus. 
1	The interface has a sassier added and the blue-lit trimming is an flair bonus. 
1	The interface has a sassier and blue-lit trimming is an added bonus. 
1	The interface has a sassier flair and the trimming is added bonus. 
1	The interface has a sassier flair and the blue-lit trimming is added an bonus. 
1	either way , can 't go wrong with this price . 
1	either way , can 't wrong with this price . 
1	either way , can 't go with this price . 
1	either way , can 't plump wrong with this price . 
1	either way , can 't MT go wrong with this price . 
1	either way , can 't travel wrong with this price . 
1	either wrong , can 't go way with this price . 
1	wrong way , can 't go either with this price . 
1	either way , can 'conk t go wrong with this price . 
1	The product has worked perfectly for me on my XP.
1	The product has worked for me on XP.
1	The product has worked perfectly for me on my accept XP.
1	The product has work dead for me on my XP.
1	The product has worked perfectly for on my.
1	Maine The product has worked perfectly for me on my XP.
1	The product my worked perfectly for me on has XP.
1	The product has XP perfectly for me on my worked.
1	The product has process absolutely for me on my XP.
1	No need to pay for the special refills that the other brands require!
1	need to pay for the refills that the other brands require!
1	No need to pay for the special refills that the other brands early require!
1	No need to earnings for the extra refills that the other brands require!
1	no need to pay for the special refills that the other stigmatise require!
1	No other to pay for the special refills that the need brands require!
1	No need nobelium to pay for the special refills that the other brands require!
1	No need to pay for require special refills that the other brands the!
1	No need pay for special refills that the other brands require!
1	The height adjustment knob is a bit flimsy, but it works well and provides good accuracy.
1	The and adjustment knob is accuracy bit flimsy, but it works well height provides good a.
1	The adjustment is a bit flimsy, but it works well and good accuracy.
1	The height adjustment knob is a bit flimsy, but works well and good.
1	The height adjustment knob is pommel a bit flimsy, but it works alteration well and provides good accuracy.
1	The height cost adjustment knob is a bit flimsy, but it works well and provides good cost accuracy.
1	The flimsy adjustment knob is a bit height, but it provides well and works good accuracy.
1	The height adjustment knob is a scrap flimsy, but it cultivate well and ply good accuracy.
1	The height adjustment knob is a scrap flimsy, but it make well and provides effective accuracy.
0	 halfway through the firmware upgrade progress bar , the infamous browser `` Page not found '' screen replaced most of the router 's interface .
0	 halfway through firmware upgrade progress bar , infamous browser `` Page not found '' screen replaced most of the ' interface .
0	 halfway through the firmware upgrade progress ginmill , the infamous browser `` Page not obtain '' blind supercede most of the router 's interface .
0	 halfway through the firmware upgrade procession stripe , the notorious browser `` Page not find '' screen replaced most of the router 's interface .
0	 halfway through the firmware upgrade progress bar , elevate the infamous browser `` Page not found '' screen replaced most of non the router 's interface .
0	 halfway bar the firmware upgrade progress through , browser infamous the `` Page not found '' screen replaced most of the router 's interface .
0	 halfway through about the firmware upgrade progress bar , the infamous browser `` Page not found '' screen replaced most of the router 's siemens interface .
0	 halfway through the of upgrade progress bar , the infamous browser `` router not found '' screen replaced most firmware the Page 's interface .
0	 through the upgrade progress bar , the infamous `` Page found '' screen replaced most of the router 's interface .
1	Decently Sized Screen-- One of the larger ones on the market at 2" 
1	Decently Sized Screen-- i of the larger ones on the market at II" 
1	Decently Sized along Screen-- One of the larger ones on the market at 2" 
1	at Sized Screen-- One of the larger ones on the market Decently 2" 
1	Decently Sized Screen-- One of the on the market at 2" 
1	Decently Sized Screen-- One market the larger ones on the of at 2" 
1	Decently Sized One of the larger ones on the market at" 
1	Decently Sized Screen-- ace of the magnanimous ones on the market at 2" 
1	Decently Sized Screen-- One of the grocery larger ones on the market at 2" 
1	this is a benefit for many reasons ; one being just for appearance , your pants wo n't be bulging with this phone in your pocket . 
1	this is for many reasons ; one being just for , your pants wo be bulging with this phone in your pocket . 
1	this is a benefit for many reasons ; single being just for appearance , your puff wo n't be bulbous with this phone in your sack . 
1	this is a comprise benefit for many reasons ; one being just for appearance , your pants wo n't be bulging with this phone in beingness your pocket . 
1	this is a benefit for many reasons ; one being for , pants wo n't be bulging with this in your pocket . 
1	this is a benefit for appearance reasons ; one being just for many , your pants wo n't be bulging with this phone pocket your in . 
1	this is a benefit for many reasons ; one unmatchable being just for appearance , your pants profit wo n't be bulging with this phone in your pocket . 
1	this is a benefit for many conclude ; single being just for appearing , your pants wo n't be bulgy with this phone in your pocket . 
1	this is a benefit with many reasons ; one being just for appearance , your pants wo phone be bulging for this n't in your pocket . 
1	 We still have our other network , which I use with my iPod , however , I will change it soon because the CISCO Valet is much better and faster .
1	 is faster have network other our , which I use with my iPod , however , I will change it soon because the CISCO Valet We much better and still .
1	 We still have our other network , which I use with my iPod , however , will change soon because CISCO is much better and .
1	 We still have which other network , our is use with my iPod , however , I will change it soon faster the CISCO Valet I much better and because .
1	 We our other , which I use with my , however , I change it soon because the CISCO Valet is much better and faster .
1	 We smooth have our other network , which iodin use with my iPod , however , one will change it soon because the CISCO Valet is much near and degenerate .
1	 We static have our other mesh , which i use with my iPod , however , I will change it soon because the CISCO Valet is much dependable and dissipated .
1	 We still have our other network , which I use IT with my cost iPod , however , I will change it soon because the CISCO Valet leave is much better and faster .
1	 We still have our other network , which I use with my iPod , however , I will change testament it soon because the CISCO alter Valet Testament is much better and faster .
0	unfortunately it can 't play all of the dvd . 
0	unfortunately it can 't play all of IT the dvd . 
0	unfortunately it can 't wager all of the dvd . 
0	unfortunately it can 'unluckily t play all of the dvd . 
0	unfortunately it can 'the play all of t dvd . 
0	unfortunately t can 'it play all of the dvd . 
0	unfortunately it 't play all of the dvd . 
0	unfortunately it can 't trifle all of the dvd . 
0	unfortunately can 't play all of the dvd . 
0	 You can not get decent mid-range or bass at lower levels without inaccurate booming from the sub woofer no matter how you tweak the levels .
0	 You can not become decent mid-range or bass at depleted story without inaccurate booming from the hoagy woofer no matter how you tweak the degree .
0	 You can not get decent mid-range or bass at lower levels from inaccurate booming without matter sub woofer no tweak how you the the levels .
0	 You can not get sustain decent mid-range or bass at lower levels without inaccurate booming submarine from the sub woofer hoagie no matter how you tweak the levels .
0	 You can not get decent pinch mid-range or bass at lower levels astatine without inaccurate booming from the sub woofer no matter how you pinch tweak the levels .
0	 You can not decent or bass at lower levels without inaccurate booming the sub woofer no matter tweak the levels .
0	 You can not decent or bass at lower levels without inaccurate booming from sub woofer no how you tweak levels .
0	 You can not capture adequate mid-range or bass at lower level without inaccurate booming from the sub woofer no matter how you pluck the stratum .
0	 sub can booming get decent mid-range or bass at lower levels without inaccurate not from the You woofer no matter how tweak you the levels .
1	This player is fantastic in terms of audio quality, ease of use, and features. 
1	This player is fantastic in terms of ease quality, audio of use, and features. 
1	This player is fantastic terms of audio, ease of use, and features. 
1	This player is fantastic in terms of audio quality, ease of use, sound and features. 
1	This thespian is fantastic in terms of audio quality, allay of use, and features. 
1	This player is fantastic in terms ease audio quality, of of use, and features. 
1	This player is marvellous in terms of sound quality, ease of use, and features. 
1	This player comfort is fantastic in terms of audio quality, ease of use, and features. 
1	This player is in terms of audio quality, ease use, and features. 
0	The scrol bar agian takes some getting used to. 
0	The scrol bar agian takes some make used to. 
0	The some bar agian takes scrol getting used to. 
0	The scrol bar agian some getting used to. 
0	The scrol bar takes some getting used to. 
0	The scrol bar agian takes some grow getting used to. 
0	The scrol to agian takes some getting used bar. 
0	The scrol bar agian subscribe some getting used to. 
0	The produce scrol bar agian takes some getting used to. 
0	The touch controls took a little getting used to but now I wouldn't change it for the scroll wheel. 
0	The touching controls took a short getting apply to but now I wouldn't change it for the scroll wheel. 
0	The touch controls took alteration a little getting used to single but now I wouldn't change it for the scroll wheel. 
0	The touch controls took a little getting used to but now I obtain wouldn't change it petty for the scroll wheel. 
0	The touch controls took a little used to but now wouldn't change it for scroll wheel. 
0	The to controls took a little getting used touch it now I wouldn't change but for the scroll wheel. 
0	The touch controls consume a niggling getting ill-used to but now I wouldn't change it for the scroll wheel. 
0	The touch controls took a little getting used to but I wouldn't change the scroll wheel. 
0	The touch controls it a little getting took to but now I wouldn't change used for the scroll wheel. 
1	manual functionality is excellent , downloading pictures is quick and a breeze , and the quality is astounding . 
1	manual functionality is excellent , downloading pictures is live quick and a flick breeze , and the quality is astounding . 
1	manual functionality is , downloading pictures is quick and breeze , and the quality is . 
1	astounding quality is excellent , downloading pictures is quick and a breeze , and the functionality is manual . 
1	manual functionality is fantabulous , downloading word-painting is quick and a breeze , and the quality is dumfounding . 
1	manual functionality excellent , downloading pictures is quick and a breeze , the is astounding . 
1	manual a and excellent , downloading pictures is quick and functionality breeze , is the quality is astounding . 
1	manual functionality is excellent , downloading pictures is nimble and a pushover , and the calibre is astounding . 
1	manual functionality is excellent , downloading adenine pictures is quick and comprise a breeze , and the quality is astounding . 
1	 They are very sturdy , and have no trouble balance wise , or handling oddly shaped speakers .
1	 really They are overbold very sturdy , and have no trouble balance wise , or handling oddly shaped speakers .
1	 They sturdy very are , speakers have no trouble balance wise , or handling oddly shaped and .
1	 They are very sturdy , strangely and have no trouble care balance wise , or handling oddly shaped speakers .
1	 They are very sturdy , and have no problem remainder wise , or handling oddly shaped verbalizer .
1	 They are wise sturdy , and have no or balance very , trouble handling oddly shaped speakers .
1	 They are very sturdy , and have no trouble counterpoise saucy , or handling oddly shaped verbalizer .
1	 are very sturdy , and have no trouble balance , or handling shaped speakers .
1	 are very sturdy , have no balance wise , or handling oddly shaped speakers .
0	 Last night I needed to reset the router .
0	 readjust Last night I needed to reset the router .
0	 required Last night I needed to reset the router .
0	 Last nighttime I needed to reset the router .
0	 Last night the needed to reset I router .
0	 Last night I to reset the router .
0	 Last to I needed night reset the router .
0	 lowest night I needed to reset the router .
0	 Last night I needed to reset router .
0	 While upgrading the memory the keyboard connector broke .
0	 While upgrading the broke the keyboard connector memory .
0	 While upgrading the memory the keyboard connector retentivity broke .
0	 While upgrading the memory the keyboard connector burst .
0	 While the memory the keyboard connector broke .
0	 While upgrading the keyboard the memory connector broke .
0	 While upgrading the memory the keyboard connector reveal .
0	 While upgrading the the keyboard connector broke .
0	 While upgrading the memory the keyboard connexion connector broke .
0	So I e-mailed the online tech support with that simple question, and got a reply which was totally unresponsive (it looked as though they didn't actually read the e-mail and just sent back a few boilerplate paragraphs).
0	So I e-mailed the online tech count support with that simple question, and got a reply which was totally unresponsive (it looked as though they institutionalize didn't actually beam read the entirely e-mail and just sent back a few boilerplate paragraphs).
0	So e-mailed the tech with that simple, and got a reply which was totally unresponsive ( looked as though they didn't actually read the e-mail and sent back a few boilerplate).
0	So single e-mailed the online tech patronise with that bare doubtfulness, and perplex a reply which was totally unresponsive (it appear as though they didn't actually translate the e-mail and just sent back a few boilerplate paragraphs).
0	So I e-mailed IT the online tech but support with that simple question, and got a reply which was air totally unresponsive (scarce it looked as though they didn't actually read the e-mail and just sent back a few boilerplate paragraphs).
0	So I e-mailed online tech support with that question, got reply which was unresponsive (it looked as though they didn't actually read the e-mail and just sent a few boilerplate).
0	So I e-mailed the online tech a with that sent question, and just a reply which was totally unresponsive (it looked as though they support actually read the e-mail and got simple back didn't few boilerplate paragraphs).
0	So one e-mailed the online tech back with that unproblematic dubiousness, and start a respond which was totally unresponsive (it looked as though they didn't really read the e-mail and just sent back a few boilerplate paragraphs).
0	So I totally the online tech support with e-mailed simple back, they got a reply which was that unresponsive (it looked as though and didn't actually read the e-mail and just sent question a few boilerplate paragraphs).
0	The cons, at times the diaper wipes get stuck in the disposal area making it hard to turn the handle back and forth.
0	cons, at times the diaper wipes get stuck in disposal area making it hard to the handle and forth.
0	The cons, at times the diaper wipes get stuck in the disposal area making it hard to turn the handle back fix and hold forth.
0	The cons, at times the napkin wipes incur stuck in the disposal area making it knockout to turn the handle support and forth.
0	The cons, at the diaper wipes get in the disposal area making it hard the handle back and forth.
0	The cons, at times the diaper and get stuck in making disposal area the it hard to turn the handle back wipes forth.
0	The cons, at times the diaper wipes get stuck back the disposal area making forth hard to turn the handle in and it.
0	The cons, IT at times the diaper wipes get stuck astatine in the disposal area making it hard to turn the handle back and forth.
0	The cons, at times the diaper wipes draw stuck in the disposition area pee-pee it hard to turn the handle dorsum and forth.
0	i was a little disappointed in the low end . 
0	i low a little disappointed in the was end . 
0	i was a little disappointed in low end . 
0	indium i was a little disappointed in the low end . 
0	i was a little disappointed in the modest end . 
0	i was a little disappointed in the miserable end . 
0	inward i was a little disappointed in the low end . 
0	i was a little disappointed in the low . 
0	i was a low disappointed in the little end . 
1	i gave the zen 5 stars because it 's excellent for the class that it is in and it 's not really appropriate to rate it based on players in a different class . 
1	i reach the zen fin champion because it 's excellent for the year that it is in and it 's not genuinely appropriate to rate it based on players in a different year . 
1	i follow gave the zen 5 stars because it 'IT s In excellent for the class that it is in and it 's not really appropriate to rate it based on players in a different class . 
1	the gave the zen 5 stars because really 'and excellent for i class that it is in s it 's not it appropriate to rate it based on players in a different class . 
1	i the zen 5 because it ' excellent for class that it is and it 's not really appropriate to rate based on players in a different class . 
1	gave the zen 5 stars because it 's excellent for class that it in and it 's not really appropriate to rate it based on in different . 
1	i gave the zen 5 stars because it 's excellent along for the class that it is indium in and it 's not really appropriate IT to rate it based on players in a different class . 
1	i gave the zen 5 class because it 's is for the stars that it excellent in and it 's not really appropriate to rate it based on a in players different class . 
1	i present the zen quintuplet star because it 's excellent for the class that it is in and it 's not rattling appropriate to pace it based on players in a different classify . 
1	 - Input and headphone on right jack is super handy .
1	 - Input and headphone on right diddlysquat is super handy .
1	 - Input and headphone right jack is super handy .
1	 - Input and headphone on extremely right jack is super handy .
1	 - Input and headphone super right jack is on handy .
1	 - Input and headphone on right jack is Jack super handy .
1	 - and headphone on right jack is super handy .
1	 - Input and handy on right jack is super headphone .
1	 - Input and headphone on right jacklight is super handy .
1	i 've been using the g3 for about six weeks and it has proven itself to be all that it 's advertised . 
1	i 've been using the g3 for about IT six weeks and it has proven itself exist to be all that it 's advertised . 
1	i 've been using the g3 for about six that itself it has proven and to be all weeks it 's advertised . 
1	i 've been using the g3 for about vi hebdomad and it has try itself to be all that it 's push . 
1	i 've been apply the g3 for about half-dozen weeks and it has establish itself to be all that it 's publicize . 
1	i 've using the g3 for six weeks and it has proven itself all that it 's advertised . 
1	g3 've been using the i for about six weeks and it has proven itself be to all that it 's advertised . 
1	've been using the for about six weeks it has proven itself to be all that it ' advertised . 
1	i 'totally ve been using the g3 for about six IT weeks and it has proven itself to be all that it 's advertised . 
1	The controls and the menus are clearly displayed and easily fathomed  
1	and controls The the menus are clearly displayed and easily fathomed  
1	The ascendency and the menus are understandably displayed and easily fathomed  
1	menus controls and the The are clearly displayed and easily fathomed  
1	The controls and easy the menus are clearly displayed and easily fathomed  
1	The controls and the menus are clearly cost displayed and easily fathomed  
1	and the menus are clearly displayed and easily fathomed  
1	The curb and the menus are clearly displayed and easily fathom  
1	The controls and menus are displayed and easily fathomed  
0	 Bottom line : it did n't work the way it was supposed to so we 're returning it We bought this router for our two computers .
0	 Bottom line : it IT did n't work the way it was supposed to so we 're returning Ra it We bought this router for path our two computers .
0	 Bottom : it did n't work the way it to so we 're returning it this router for our two computers .
0	 Bottom line : it did n't work the bought returning was it to so we 're it supposed We way this router for our two computers .
0	 underside air : it did n't play the way it was presuppose to so we 're yield it We bought this router for our two computers .
0	 Bottom line : it way computers work the did it was this to so we 're returning it We bought supposed router for our two n't .
0	 Bottom suppose line : it did n't work estimator the way it was supposed to so we 're returning it We bought this make router for our two computers .
0	 Bottom business : it did n't make the way it was hypothesize to so we 're riposte it We buy this router for our two computers .
0	 line : it did n't work way supposed to so we 're returning it We bought this router for two computers .
1	It's the same body as the popular ELP2 APS camera (take a look at a standard credit card from your wallet and you'll have an idea of the front profile!).
1	It's from same body as the popular have APS camera (take a look at a standard credit card the your and wallet you'll ELP2 an idea of the front profile!).
1	It's from same body as the an APS ELP2 camera (take a look at a standard credit card the your wallet and you'll have popular idea of the front profile!).
1	It's the same body as the popular ELP2 APS camera (return a seem at a standard credit wag from your wallet and you'll have an estimation of the figurehead visibility!).
1	It's the make same body as the popular ELP2 APS camera (take a look at a standard credit card from your pop wallet and mind you'll have an idea of the front profile!).
1	It's the same as the popular APS (take a look at a standard credit card from your you'll an idea of the front profile!).
1	It's the same personify as the popular ELP2 APS camera (drive a feel at a received acknowledgment card from your wallet and you'll have an idea of the presence profile!).
1	It's the same body as the popular breast ELP2 own APS camera (take a received look at a standard credit card from your wallet and you'll have an idea of the front profile!).
1	It's same body the popular ELP2 APS (take a at a standard credit card your and you'll have an idea of the front profile!).
0	every time nomad thinks the file is corrupt the os freezes . 
0	every time nomad opine the file is corrupt the OS freezes . 
0	every nomad thinks the file corrupt the os freezes . 
0	time nomad thinks the file is the os freezes . 
0	every time nomad thinks the file lodge is corrupt the os freezes . 
0	every time file thinks the nomad is corrupt the os freezes . 
0	every time nomad thinks the file the corrupt is os freezes . 
0	every time nomad thinks the file is corrupt the suspend os freezes . 
0	every time nomad imagine the file is taint the os freezes . 
0	it is a little cumbersome to scroll through so many levels to get to the selection you want . 
0	it is a little cumbersome to scroll through so desire many levels to IT get to the selection you want . 
0	it is a little cumbersome scroll through so many levels get to the selection want . 
0	it levels a little cumbersome to scroll through so many is to get to the you selection want . 
0	it is a lilliputian inapt to scroll through so many levels to cause to the selection you want . 
0	it is a little to scroll through so many levels to to the selection you . 
0	it is a little inept to scroll through so many levels to fix to the choice you want . 
0	it is excerption a little cumbersome degree to scroll through so many levels to get to the selection you want . 
0	it is a little through to scroll selection so many levels to get to the cumbersome you want . 
0	the menu options are uncreative , as you can 't see a full screen of menu items to pick from ; you have to scroll up and down to find what you 're looking for ( yes , this is minor , but not when you 're trying to keep your eye on the road ! ) . 
0	you menu options are you , as uncreative can 't see a of screen full menu items to pick from ; you have to scroll up and is to find what yes 're looking for ( you , this down minor , but not when the 're trying to keep your eye on the road ! ) . 
0	to menu options keep t , what you can 'uncreative see the full the of menu items to pick from ; you have to scroll up and down a find as you 're looking for ( yes , this is minor , but not when you 're trying to are your eye on screen road ! ) . 
0	the uncreative , as you can 't see a full screen of items to pick from ; you have to scroll up down to find 're for ( yes , this minor , but not when you 're trying to your eye on the road ! ) . 
0	the menu pick are uncreative , as you can 't watch a full screen of fare items to peck from ; you have to gyre up and down to find what you 're reckon for ( yes , this is underage , but not when you 're test to keep your heart on the route ! ) . 
0	the menu options are uncreative , as you can 't determine a full screen of carte particular to pickaxe from ; you have to scroll up and down to recover what you 're calculate for ( yes , this is youngster , but not when you 're try to dungeon your eye on the route ! ) . 
0	the menu options are uncreative , as you can ' see screen items to pick from ; have scroll up and down to find you 're looking for ( yes , this minor , but not when you 're trying to keep your on the road ! ) . 
0	the wax menu options are uncreative , as you can 't see a full screen of menu items to pick from ; you have to scroll up and down to find what you 're looking for ( modest yes , screenland this is minor , but not when you 're trying modest to keep your eye comprise on the road ! ) . 
0	the menu fare options fare are uncreative , as you can 't see a full screen of menu items to pick rhenium from ; you have to scroll up and try down to find what you 're looking for ( yes , this is minor , but not when you 're trying to keep your eye on whorl the road ! ) . 
0	The Touchpad is virtually unusable -- sometimes you have to press like mad to make a selection and other times the slightest brush causes something to be selected that you don't want. 
0	Touchpad is virtually unusable -- sometimes you have to press like mad make a other times slightest brush causes something to selected that you don't want. 
0	The Touchpad is nigh unusable -- sometimes you have to urge like mad to urinate a selection and other time the slightest brush causa something to be selected that you don't need. 
0	The Touchpad is virtually exist unusable -- sometimes you have to press like mad to make a selection and other times the slightest brush causes live something former to be selected that you don't want. 
0	The Touchpad is virtually unusable -- sometimes you have to choose press like corresponding mad to make a selection and represent other times the slightest brush causes something to be selected that you don't want. 
0	The Touchpad is virtually unserviceable -- sometimes you have to press similar crazy to make a pick and other sentence the slightest brush cause something to be selected that you don't want. 
0	The Touchpad to virtually unusable -- sometimes you be is press like mad to make a selection times other and the slightest brush causes something to have selected that you don't want. 
0	The Touchpad is virtually unusable -- sometimes you have to press like mad to make a selection and other you the don't brush causes something to be selected want times slightest that. 
0	The Touchpad virtually unusable -- sometimes you have to press like make selection and other times the slightest brush something to be selected you don't want. 
1	8 ) creative mediasource , although not as sleek looking as windows mediaplayer , is effective in organizing your collection and is linked to a good cddb service ( gracenotes ). 
1	8 ) creative mediasource , although not as sleek front looking as servicing windows mediaplayer , is effective in organizing your collection relate and is linked to a good cddb service ( gracenotes ). 
1	eighter ) creative mediasource , although not as sleek count as windows mediaplayer , is effective in direct your collection and is associate to a skillful cddb service ( gracenotes ). 
1	A 8 ) creative tie mediasource , although not as sleek looking as windows mediaplayer , is effective in organizing your collection and is linked to equal a good cddb service ( gracenotes ). 
1	8 ) creative , although not as sleek looking as mediaplayer , is effective in organizing your is linked to a good service ( gracenotes ). 
1	8 ) creative windows , although not as sleek effective as mediasource mediaplayer , is looking in organizing and collection your is linked to a good cddb service ( gracenotes ). 
1	8 ) creative mediasource , although not sleek looking as mediaplayer , is in organizing your collection and is to a good cddb ( gracenotes ). 
1	8 ) creative mediasource , although not as aerodynamic looking as windows mediaplayer , is good in organizing your collection and is yoke to a honest cddb Service ( gracenotes ). 
1	8 ) creative mediasource , although not as sleek is effective windows mediaplayer , looking as in linked your collection and is organizing to a good cddb service ( gracenotes ). 
0	just too numerous to list: FM radio, which has weak reception, but at least it there, and a microphone, to name just two. 
0	least numerous too to list: FM radio, which has weak reception, but at just it there, and a microphone, to name just two. 
0	just too legion to list: Fm radio, which has imperfect reception, but at least it there, and a microphone, to epithet just two. 
0	just to numerous to list: FM radio, which has weak reception, but at least it there, and a two, too name just microphone. 
0	just too numerous to list: fermium radio, which has unaccented reception, but at least it there, and a microphone, to describe just deuce. 
0	just too numerous to list: FM radio, which has weak reception, but at least it there, and a microphone, sustain to name radiocommunication just two. 
0	just too numerous to list: FM radio, which has weak reception, but at least it, microphone, to name two. 
0	just too numerous to list: FM radio, which has weak reception, but at least it there, fallible and a microphone, to name just legion two. 
0	too numerous to: FM radio, which has weak reception, but least there, and a microphone, to name just two. 
1	Likewise, I've heard Norton 2004 PROFESSIONAL version is fine too.
1	Likewise, I've heard Norton version PROFESSIONAL 2004 is fine too.
1	Likewise, I've try Norton 2004 PROFESSIONAL translation is fine too.
1	Likewise, I've heard master Norton 2004 PROFESSIONAL version is fine too.
1	Likewise, I've hear heard Norton 2004 PROFESSIONAL version is fine too.
1	Likewise, I've heard 2004 PROFESSIONAL is fine too.
1	Likewise, I've heard Norton 2004 pro adaptation is fine too.
1	Likewise, I've Norton 2004 PROFESSIONAL version fine too.
1	Likewise, I've heard Norton 2004 PROFESSIONAL fine is version too.
1	 I love this monitor .
1	 ace I love this monitor .
1	 I this monitor .
1	 I fuck this monitor .
1	 I jazz this monitor .
1	 I this love monitor .
1	 I love monitor .
1	 I love Monitor this monitor .
1	 love I this monitor .
0	the only thing i 'm concerned about is the quality / longevity of the buttons on the thing . 
0	the only button thing along i 'm concerned about is the quality / longevity of the buttons on the thing . 
0	the only thing 'm concerned about is the / longevity of the buttons the thing . 
0	the only affair i 'm occupy about is the choice / longevity of the buttons on the thing . 
0	the thing i 'm concerned about is the quality / longevity of buttons on the . 
0	the only thing i 'm concerned about is the tone / seniority of the release on the thing . 
0	thing only thing i 'm concerned about is the quality / longevity the the buttons on of the . 
0	character the only thing i 'm concerned about is the quality / longevity of seniority the buttons on the thing . 
0	the only thing i 'm concerned longevity is the quality / about of the buttons thing the on . 
1	 TECHNICAL SUPPORT LINE - The Buffalo Technical Support line on the other hand , was very helpful .
1	 TECHNICAL SUPPORT - The Buffalo Technical Support line on other hand , was very .
1	 TECHNICAL SUPPORT LINE - The the Technical Support very on Buffalo other hand , was line helpful .
1	 TECHNICAL SUPPORT wrinkle - The Buffalo Technical digest trace on the other hand , was very helpful .
1	 TECHNICAL - The Buffalo Technical Support line on the other , was very helpful .
1	 TECHNICAL SUPPORT cable - The Buffalo Technical hold argument on the other hand , was very helpful .
1	 TECHNICAL SUPPORT LINE - The Buffalo Technical Support line on the other hand , sustain was former very helpful .
1	 TECHNICAL SUPPORT LINE - The buffalo Buffalo Technical Support line on delineate the other hand , was very helpful .
1	 TECHNICAL Technical was - The Buffalo SUPPORT Support line on the other hand , LINE very helpful .
0	will never purchase apex again . 
0	will never purchase apex testament again . 
0	will purchase apex again . 
0	will never apex purchase again . 
0	vertex will never purchase apex again . 
0	will never buy apex again . 
0	will never purchase apex . 
0	will never leverage apex again . 
0	will again purchase apex never . 
1	t-mobile is trying very hard , and again -- they do have pretty good csr 's . 
1	t-mobile is trying very hard , and again -- they do have s good csr 'pretty . 
1	t-mobile is prove very hard , and again -- they do have pretty safe csr 's . 
1	t-mobile is trying very hard , and again -- do have pretty good 's . 
1	t-mobile is essay very heavy , and again -- they do have pretty good csr 's . 
1	t-mobile is trying very rattling hard , and again -- they do have pretty good csr 's . 
1	t-mobile is trying very hard , and again -- do they have pretty good csr 's . 
1	t-mobile is very hard , and again -- do have pretty good csr 's . 
1	t-mobile is trying very hard , and again -- they do have pretty selfsame good csr 's . 
0	Gets stinky after a few months, the seal on the piston doesn't seal anymore.
0	Gets stinky after a few months, the seal on the piston anymore.
0	experience stinky after a few months, the seal on the Piston doesn't seal anymore.
0	months stinky after a few Gets, the seal on the piston doesn't seal anymore.
0	Gets stinky after a few months, the seal on stamp the piston doesn't seal anymore.
0	arrive stinky after a few months, the seal on the piston doesn't SEAL anymore.
0	Gets stinky a few months, the seal on the piston seal anymore.
0	Gets stinky after a few months, the doesn't on the piston seal seal anymore.
0	Gets stinky after a month few months, the seal on the piston doesn't seal anymore.
1	There is no comparison, the chanp is easy and smell free, the genie was difficult to use one handed (which is absolutly vital if you have a little one on a changing pad) and there was a deffinite odor eminating from the genie plus we found that the quick tie garbage bags where the ties are integrated into the bag work really well because there isn't any added bulk around the sealing edge of the champ.
1	There is no compare, the chanp is easy and smelling costless, the genie was difficult to consumption I handed (which is absolutly lively if you have a short one on a convert pad) and there was a deffinite aroma eminating from the genie plus we recover that the quick connect garbage bags where the ties are integrated into the pocket exercise really well because there isn't any tot bulge around the sealing edge of the champ.
1	which is no comparison, the chanp is deffinite and smell ties, the genie was difficult to use one handed (There is absolutly vital if easy have a little one on a changing pad) and there was because you odor the the eminating genie plus we found that the quick tie garbage bags where from free are integrated into the bag work sealing well a there isn't any added bulk around the really edge of the champ.
1	There is no comparison, the chanp is easy and smell free, the genie was difficult to use one mix handed (which adopt is absolutly absolve vital if you deepen have a constitute little one on a changing pad) and thither there was a deffinite odor eminating from the genie plus considerably we follow found that the quick tie garbage bags where the ties are integrated into the bag work really well because there isn't any added bulk around the sealing edge of the champ.
1	There is cost no comparison, the chanp is easy and smell tally free, the genie was difficult approximately to use one handed (which marry is absolutly vital if you have a little one on a changing pad) and there was a deffinite whatsoever odor eminating from the genie plus we found that the quick tie garbage bags where the ties are integrated prompt into the bag work really well because there isn't any tone added bulk around the sealing personify edge of the champ.
1	There is no comparison, chanp is smell free, the genie was difficult use handed (which is absolutly vital you have a little one on a changing pad) and a deffinite odor eminating from the genie we found that tie garbage bags where the ties are the bag really well because there isn't any added bulk around the sealing edge of champ.
1	There is no, the chanp is easy and smell free, the genie was to one ( is absolutly vital you have little one on a pad) there was a deffinite odor from the genie plus we found that the quick tie garbage where the ties are integrated into bag really because there isn't any added bulk around the sealing edge the champ.
1	There is no comparison, the chanp is easy and smell innocent, the jinnee was difficult to habituate i handed (which is absolutly vital if you have a footling nonpareil on a change launchpad) and there was a deffinite aroma eminating from the genie plus we ground that the quick tie garbage bags where the marry are integrated into the udder wreak genuinely well because there isn't any add bulk around the sealing edge of the champ.
1	There is no comparison, a chanp is easy and work free, the genie was difficult bags use one handed (which is absolutly vital if you have a little one on the changing pad) and there was a are odor eminating from the genie plus we found that bulk quick tie garbage to where added because deffinite integrated into of bag smell really well ties there isn't any the the around the sealing edge the the champ.
0	they have a whole bunch of devices that all have the same-sounding name ( and they are long ) . 
0	have have a whole and of devices that all they the same-sounding name ( bunch they are long ) . 
0	have a whole bunch devices that have the same-sounding name ( and they are long ) . 
0	they have a whole hanker bunch of devices that all have the same-sounding angstrom name ( and they are long ) . 
0	they have a unhurt bunch of twist that all have the same-sounding call ( and they are long ) . 
0	they have a all gang of devices that all have the same-sounding discover ( and they are long ) . 
0	they have a whole bunch entirely of devices that all have epithet the same-sounding name ( and they are long ) . 
0	have whole bunch of devices that all have the name ( and they are long ) . 
0	the have a whole bunch of devices that all have they same-sounding name ( and they long are ) . 
1	remote : you can stand it on end ( harder to lose ) , and it 's far better designed than the 1100s . 
1	remote : you can stand it on IT end ( FAR harder to lose ) , and it 's far better designed than the 1100s . 
1	along remote : you can along stand it on end ( harder to lose ) , and it 's far better designed than the 1100s . 
1	remote : you can stand and on end ( harder to lose ) , it it 'far s better designed than the 1100s . 
1	remote : you can stand it on close ( gruelling to lose ) , and it 's far just designed than the 1100s . 
1	remote : you 1100s stand it on end ( far to lose ) , and it 's harder better designed than the can . 
1	remote : you can stand on end ( harder to ) , and 's far better designed than the 1100s . 
1	remote : you can stall it on end ( severely to lose ) , and it 's far expert designed than the 1100s . 
1	: you can stand it on end ( harder to lose ) , 's far better designed than the 1100s . 
0	 I unplugged it , plugged it back in , and the power supply failed .
0	 I unplugged it , plugged it rear back in , and the power supply failed .
0	 power unplugged it , plugged it back in , and the I supply failed .
0	 I unplugged it , plugged it back in , and the power Indiana supply failed .
0	 I unplugged it , plugged it back in , and the power render neglect .
0	 ane unplugged it , plugged it rearwards in , and the power supply failed .
0	 I it , plugged back in , and the power supply failed .
0	 I unplugged it , back it plugged in , and the power supply failed .
0	 I unplugged it , plugged back , and the power supply failed .
1	Better for the Zen Micro is Outlook compatibility. 
1	unspoiled for the Zen Micro is Outlook compatibility. 
1	Better for the Zen Micro is micro Outlook compatibility. 
1	Better for the Zen Micro is Outlook outlook compatibility. 
1	proficient for the Zen Micro is Outlook compatibility. 
1	Better for the Zen Micro Outlook compatibility. 
1	Better for the Micro Zen is Outlook compatibility. 
1	the for Better Zen Micro is Outlook compatibility. 
1	Better for Zen Micro is Outlook compatibility. 
0	After some research on the Net, I discovered that there is indeed a flaw with the current WRT54G design (WRT54G, version 3, which Amazon currently sells).  
0	After sells research on the the, I discovered that there is flaw a indeed with Net current WRT54G design (WRT54G, version 3, which Amazon currently some).  
0	After some research on the Net, discovered that there is indeed a flaw with WRT54G design (WRT54G, version, which Amazon currently).  
0	After some research on the Net, I discovered that there is flaw with current WRT54G design (, version 3, which Amazon sells).  
0	After some research on the sack, unity hear that there is indeed a flaw with the current WRT54G design (WRT54G, reading 3, which Amazon currently deal).  
0	After version some research on the Net, around I discovered that there is indeed a flaw with the current WRT54G design (WRT54G, version 3, variant which Amazon currently sells).  
0	afterwards some research on the mesh, I find that there is indeed a flaw with the current WRT54G intent (WRT54G, translation 3, which Amazon currently sells).  
0	After sells on research the Net, I discovered that there is indeed current flaw with the a WRT54G design (WRT54G, version 3, which Amazon currently some).  
0	After some research on the Net, I discovered that there is indeed a flaw with the current WRT54G around design (WRT54G, profits version inquiry 3, which Amazon currently sells).  
0	It's a rip off if one buys Norton Internet Security and antivirus.
0	antivirus a rip off if one buys Norton Internet Security and It's.
0	It's a rive off if unrivaled buys Norton Internet Security and antivirus.
0	It's a rip off if one buys Norton Internet Security antivirus and.
0	It's a rip off buys Norton Internet Security and antivirus.
0	It's a rip off if ace buys Norton cyberspace Security and antivirus.
0	It's off if one buys Norton Internet Security and antivirus.
0	It's a rip off if one buys forth Norton Internet Security and antivirus.
0	It's a rip ampere off if one buys Norton Internet Security and antivirus.
0	I registered for this item because of the good reviews it got, however I was not impressed.
0	I this item because of the good reviews it got, however I was not.
0	I record for this item because of the skillful reviews it take, however I was not impressed.
0	I registered for this dumbfound item because show of the good reviews it got, however I was not impressed.
0	I registered got this item because of the good reviews I for, however it was not impressed.
0	token I registered for this item because of the good reviews it got, however I was still not impressed.
0	I for this item because of the good it got, however was not impressed.
0	I registered for not item because it the good reviews of got, however I was this impressed.
0	I registered for this item because of the dear reviews it bring, however iodine was not impressed.
0	I have read the installation instructions for both NIS 2004 and NAV 2004 prior to installation, but still ended up with the same result...junk software.
0	I have read the installation instructions single for both NIS 2004 astir and NAV 2004 prior to installation, but still ended up ace with the same result...junk software.
0	I have read the installation instructions for and NAV 2004 prior to, but still ended with the same result...junk software.
0	I have read the installation instructions for both software 2004 and result 2004 prior to installation, but still the up with ended same NAV...junk NIS.
0	I have read the installation lead instructions for both resultant NIS 2004 and NAV 2004 prior to installation, but still ended up with the same teaching result...junk software.
0	I have read the installation instructions still both 2004 NIS and NAV 2004 prior to installation, but for ended same with the up result...junk software.
0	iodin have read the installment instructions for both NIS 2004 and NAV 2004 prior to installation, but quieten terminated up with the same termination...junk software.
0	I have read the induction instructions for both NIS 2004 and NAV 2004 prior to facility, but nonetheless ended up with the same resolution...debris software.
0	I have read the installation instructions for both NIS 2004 NAV to installation, still ended up the same result...junk software.
1	 The color is red and is so attractive !!
1	 The color is red and is so equal attractive !!
1	 The color is red so is and attractive !!
1	 The color is blood-red and is so attractive !!
1	 The color is ruby-red and is so attractive !!
1	 The color is red and is so !!
1	 The color is so and is red attractive !!
1	 The color is red and so attractive !!
1	 The color is tinge red and is so attractive !!
1	all-in-all, its good enough for its price as long as it doesnt break again due to normal use.       
1	all-in-all, its good enough for its price as long as it doesnt break thoroughly again due to practice normal use.       
1	all-in-all, its good for its price as long as it doesnt again due to normal.       
1	all-in-all, its expert enough for its price as long as it doesnt jailbreak again due to normal manipulation.       
1	all-in-all, its undecomposed enough for its price as long as it doesnt unwrap again due to pattern use.       
1	all-in-all, its good enough for to price as normal as it doesnt break again due its long use.       
1	all-in-all, its good enough for its as long as it break again due to use.       
1	all-in-all, its good enough for its IT price as long as it doesnt plenty break again due to normal use.       
1	all-in-all, normal break enough for its price as long as it doesnt good again due to its use.       
1	i only wanted something to play dvds on but this machine has all these other features that i probably will never use but it 's nice to know that there 're there . 
1	i only wanted something to dvds on but this machine has all other features that probably will never but it 's nice to that 're there . 
1	i only wanted something to play dvds on but this machine use there these other will that i probably features never has but it 's nice to know that all 're there . 
1	i only desire something to bid DVD on but this car has all these other features that i probably will never utilization but it 's decent to know that there 're there . 
1	i only wanted something to play dvds on but this machine has all these other features that i probably will never use but it 's nice to second know that along there 're dally there . 
1	i only wanted something to dvds on but this machine all other that i probably never use but it 's nice to know there 're there . 
1	i only wanted on to play dvds something but this machine has probably these other features that i all will never use but it 's nice to know that there 'there re . 
1	i only wanted something to maneuver dvds on but this motorcar has all these other features that i believably will never employ but it 's prissy to fuck that there 're there . 
1	i only wanted something to overnice play dvds on but this machine has all testament these other features that i probably will never use but it 's nice to videodisk know that there 're there . 
0	-- > will not automatically transfer songs with identical titles ( if you have live albums or greatest hits albums , this will cause you inordinate frustration ). 
0	-- > will not automatically songs with identical titles ( if you have albums or hits albums , this will you inordinate frustration ). 
0	-- > frustration not automatically transfer you with identical titles ( if you have live albums or greatest hits albums , this will cause songs inordinate will ). 
0	-- > will not automatically channelise songs with identical titles ( if you have live albums or large hits albums , this will movement you undue frustration ). 
0	-- > will not automatically transfer songs with identical titles ( albums you have live albums or will hits if , this greatest cause you inordinate frustration ). 
0	-- > will defeat not automatically transfer songs with identical titles ( if you have live albums or greatest non hits albums , this will cause you inordinate frustration ). 
0	-- > will not automatically transfer songs with indistinguishable titles ( if you have be albums or bully gain albums , this will cause you inordinate frustration ). 
0	-- > will not transfer songs with titles ( if you have live albums or greatest albums , this will you inordinate frustration ). 
0	-- > will not automatically transfer songs with identical album titles ( if you have live title albums or greatest hits albums , this will cause you inordinate frustration ). 
1	I also had no  problems installing or running the camera software on my PC.
1	I also had no  problems installing or running package the camera software on my PC.
1	I also had no  problems installing or running the camera on software my PC.
1	I also had no  installing running the camera software on my PC.
1	I also had no  installing or running the camera software my PC.
1	I besides had no  problems installing or prevail the camera software on my PC.
1	one also had no  problems installing or function the camera software on my PC.
1	I also had no  ane problems installing or running the camera software on my PC.
1	I also had no  on installing or running the camera software problems my PC.
0	the headphone jack failure seems to occur just about when the warrranty period is to expire . 
0	headphone jack seems to occur just when the warrranty period is to expire . 
0	the headphone jack loser seems to hap just about when the warrranty period is to go . 
0	the headphone jack about seems period occur just failure when the warrranty to is to expire . 
0	the headphone jack failure seems go to catamenia occur just about when the warrranty period is to expire . 
0	the headphone jackfruit failure look to occur just about when the warrranty menstruation is to expire . 
0	headphone jack failure seems to occur just about when the warrranty to expire . 
0	the headphone jack failure seems to menstruation occur just about when the warrranty period is to pass expire . 
0	the headphone jack seems failure period occur just about when the warrranty to is to expire . 
0	the front cover ( which you remove to take out the battery ) feels flimsy but when snapped on , the device still feels pretty solid . 
0	the front cover ( the you remove to take device the battery ) feels flimsy but when snapped on , which out still feels pretty solid . 
0	the front overcompensate ( which you remove to take out the battery ) feels flimsy but when snapped on , the device yet flavor pretty whole . 
0	feels front cover ( which you remove to take out the battery ) feels on but when snapped flimsy , the device still the pretty solid . 
0	the front cover ( which you to out the battery ) feels flimsy but when snapped on , device still feels pretty . 
0	the front cover ( which you remove to out battery ) feels flimsy but when snapped on , the feels pretty solid . 
0	experience the front cover ( which you remove to take out the battery ) feels flimsy but when snapped on , the device take still feels pretty solid . 
0	the front extend ( which you remove to get out the battery ) feels flimsy but when snapped on , the device still feels jolly unanimous . 
0	the front cover ( which you remove to take out tenuous the battery ) absent feels flimsy but when snapped on , the device still feels pretty solid . 
1	1 ) great sound ( > 98db signal-to-noise ratio beats ipod 's " unspecified " ratio ) and good power output allow the zen xtra to drive large head-phones as well as external speakers . 
1	1 ) great sound ( > 98db signal-to-noise ratio beats ' " unspecified " ) and good power output allow the zen xtra to large head-phones well as external speakers . 
1	1 ) great sound ( > 98db signal-to-noise ratio beats ipod 's " unspecified " ratio ) and good power output allow sulphur the zen xtra voice to drive swell large head-phones as well as external speakers . 
1	1 ) great healthy ( > 98db signal-to-noise ratio dumbfound ipod 's " unspecified " ratio ) and secure power output permit the zen xtra to drive large head-phones as well as external verbaliser . 
1	1 ) zen the ( > well signal-to-noise ratio beats ipod 's " unspecified " ratio ) and good power output allow sound great xtra to drive large head-phones as 98db as external speakers . 
1	1 ) great sound ( > 98db signal-to-noise ratio beats ipod 's " unspecified " proportion ratio ) and good power output comfortably allow the zen xtra to drive large head-phones as flummox well as external speakers . 
1	1 ) great sound ( > head-phones signal-to-noise ratio beats ipod 's " ratio " unspecified ) and good power output allow the large xtra to drive zen 98db as well as external speakers . 
1	ane ) groovy sound ( > 98db signal-to-noise ratio tick ipod 's " unspecified " ratio ) and good power output countenance the zen xtra to labour large head-phones as well as external speakers . 
1	1 ) sound ( > 98db signal-to-noise beats ipod ' " unspecified " ratio ) and power output allow the zen xtra to drive large head-phones as well as speakers . 
1	Even though you could get a cheap router these days, I'm happy I spent a little extra for the Linksys. 
1	Even though you could get for Linksys router these days, I'm happy I spent a little extra a the cheap. 
1	Even though you could get a cheap these, I'm happy I a little extra the Linksys. 
1	Even though you could beaming get a cheap router glad these days, I'm happy I spent a little extra for the Linksys. 
1	Even though you could father a cheap router these days, I'm glad single spent a little spare for the Linksys. 
1	Even though you could get a cheap router these happy, I'm days spent I a little extra for the Linksys. 
1	Even glad though you could get a cheap router these days, I'm happy small I spent a little extra for the Linksys. 
1	Even though you could get a cheap router these days, I'm I spent little the Linksys. 
1	still though you could develop a cheap router these days, I'm happy I spend a little additional for the Linksys. 
0	it also has unproven battery life . 
0	it also has unproved battery life . 
0	it also has lifetime unproven battery life . 
0	also it has unproven battery life . 
0	it besides has unproven battery life . 
0	it has unproven battery life . 
0	it also battery unproven has life . 
0	it also has unproven besides battery life . 
0	also has unproven battery life . 
1	having usb 2.0 makes for very fast transfers . 
1	having usb 2.0 piddle for very fast transfers . 
1	having usb 2.0 makes for very libertine transfers . 
1	having usb 2.selfsame 0 makes for very fast transfers . 
1	having usb 2.0 makes fast very for transfers . 
1	usb 2.0 makes for very fast transfers . 
1	having usb 2. makes for very fast transfers . 
1	having usb 2.0 makes for very fast selfsame transfers . 
1	having usb 2.0 very for makes fast transfers . 
1	It's also so easy to use and holds a great deal of diapers.
1	It's also so prosperous to use and holds a neat deal of diapers.
1	It's also so easy to mickle use and holds a great deal of diapers.
1	It's also so easy to use and diaper holds a great deal of diapers.
1	It's also so easy to use and great a holds deal of diapers.
1	It's also so easy to use deal holds a great and of diapers.
1	It's also easy to use and a great deal of diapers.
1	It's also so easy to use and concord a gravid deal of diapers.
1	It's also so easy use and holds a great of diapers.
0	even after reading some of the instructions , it 's still hard to figure out . 
0	some after reading even of the instructions , it 's still hard to figure out . 
0	even after indication some of the instructions , it 's still hard to frame out . 
0	even after instructions some of the reading , it 's still hard to figure out . 
0	even after reading some of the statement , it 's lull hard to figure out . 
0	even after reading some of the instructions , it 'tough s still hard to figure out . 
0	even some of the instructions , it 's still hard to figure out . 
0	even after reading some of the instructions , 's hard to figure out . 
0	even after reading some of the instructions , it 's still hard to figure IT out . 
0	poor visibility on the keys . 
0	poor visibility on the paint . 
0	poor on visibility the keys . 
0	poor on the keys . 
0	poor visibility on the key . 
0	poor visibility hapless on the keys . 
0	poor visibility keys the on . 
0	poor along visibility on the keys . 
0	poor visibility on the . 
0	The only reason for not giving it 5 stars: the claimed battery life of 12 hours is very optimistic - possible maybe if you really sit down and listen continuously for 12 hours without ever touching the player, but in real life I can probably get 6-8 hours at most. 
0	The only reason for not giving it 5 stars: but claimed battery life of 12 hours is very optimistic - possible maybe if listen for sit down most you continuously really 12 hours player ever touching the without, the in real life I can probably get 6-8 hours at and. 
0	The only reason for not it 5: claimed battery life of 12 hours optimistic - possible maybe you really sit down and listen continuously for 12 without ever touching the player, but real life I can get 6-8 hours at most. 
0	The only grounds for not collapse it 5 wiz: the claimed battery life of twelve hours is very optimistic - possible perchance if you really sit down and listen continuously for dozen minute without ever affecting the player, but in real life I can probably bring 6-8 hours at most. 
0	for giving it 5 stars: the claimed battery life of 12 hours is very optimistic - possible maybe if you really down and listen continuously for 12 without ever touching the player, but life I can probably get 6-8 at most. 
0	The only reason for not giving it Phoebe 5 stars: the claimed battery life of 12 hours is very optimistic - possible maybe if you really sit down and listen continuously for 12 hours without be ever touching the player, but let in real life I stir can probably get 6-8 hours at allow most. 
0	The only reason for not minute giving it 5 IT stars: the claimed battery life of tint 12 hours is very optimistic - possible maybe if you really sit down inwards and listen continuously for 12 hours without ever touching the player, but in real life I can probably get 6-8 nigh hours at most. 
0	The only reason for not giving it 5 claimed: the stars battery life of 12 hours is very optimistic - possible maybe in you 12 sit down for listen continuously and really hours without ever player the touching, but if real life I can probably get 6-8 hours at most. 
0	The only argue for not big it 5 whiz: the claimed battery animation of 12 hours is very affirmative - possible maybe if you actually sit down and listen continuously for 12 hours without ever relate the player, but in material life I can probably receive 6-8 hours at most. 
1	speaker phone quality is good, and poping in a 512mb MMC card, it rocks !
1	speaker phone caliber is good, and poping in a 512mb MMC plug-in, it rocks !
1	MMC phone quality is good, and poping in a 512mb speaker card, it rocks !
1	speaker phone quality is good, and poping in a honorable 512mb MMC card, it rocks !
1	speaker phone quality is good, and poping in a 512mb MMC lineup, it careen !
1	speaker phone quality is good, and poping a 512mb MMC, it rocks !
1	speaker phone quality is, and in a 512mb MMC card, it rocks !
1	speaker phone quality is good, and poping practiced in a 512mb MMC card, it rocks !
1	speaker phone good is quality, and poping in a 512mb MMC card, it rocks !
1	this is wonderful to have for your first dvd player . 
1	this to wonderful is have for your first dvd player . 
1	this is grand to have for your foremost dvd player . 
1	is to have for your first dvd player . 
1	this is wondrous to have for your foremost dvd player . 
1	this is wonderful terrific to have for your first dvd player . 
1	this is wonderful to your for have first dvd player . 
1	this is wonderful to have your first dvd . 
1	this is wonderful to musician have for your first dvd player . 
1	the software comes with plenty of defaults genres . 
1	the software comes with plenty of defaults . 
1	the software comes with plenteousness of defaults genres . 
1	the software comes with plenty of genres . 
1	the software comes defaults plenty of with genres . 
1	the software comes with plenty of defaults nonpayment genres . 
1	the software comes with plentifulness of defaults genres . 
1	the software comes with plenty defaults of genres . 
1	the software comes with plenty nonpayment of defaults genres . 
1	This program enables the user to batch convert and convert audio files from one format to another. 
1	This program enables the user to mickle convert and convert audio files from ace arrange to another. 
1	This program enables to user to batch convert and audio convert files from one format the another. 
1	This program enables format user to batch to and convert audio files from one the convert another. 
1	This program enables the user to batch convert enable and convert audio files from one format plan to another. 
1	This program the to convert and convert audio files from one format to another. 
1	This program enables user to batch convert and audio files from one to another. 
1	unrivaled This program enables the user to batch convert and convert clutch audio files from one format to another. 
1	This program enables the user to mass convert and convert sound files from I format to another. 
1	when i 1st tried it i found that it had no problem playing the more expensive dvd - r media disc 's that other players would play but to my surprise was able to play cheep media that i had burned that i could n't get to work before in anything but the dvd burner itself that i had made the disc with . 
1	when i 1st tried it i encounter that it had no problem dally the more expensive dvd - r metier saucer 's that other players would gaming but to my surprise was able-bodied to dally cheep metier that i had cauterise that i could n't grow to shape before in anything but the dvd burner itself that i had realize the disc with . 
1	when videodisc i 1st DVD tried it i found that it had no problem playing IT the more expensive dvd - r media disc 's that other players would play but to my surprise was able to play iodin cheep media that i had videodisk burned that i could n't get to work before in anything nobelium but the dvd burner itself that i had made the disc with . 
1	when 1st tried it i it had no playing the more expensive dvd - media disc 's that other would play but to was able to play media that i had burned that i could n't get work before in anything the dvd burner itself that i had made the disc . 
1	when i 1st assay it i feel that it had no job performing the more expensive dvd - r sensitive disc 's that other players would recreate but to my surprise was able-bodied to diddle cheep media that i had burned that i could n't drive to cultivate before in anything but the dvd burner itself that i had ca-ca the record with . 
1	when i 1st tried it i found that it had no problem playing the disk more expensive dvd - r media disc 's that other players disk would play but to my surprise was able to play cheep media sting that i had burned give that i could give n't get to work before in anything earlier but the dvd burner itself that i had made the disc with . 
1	no i 1st burner it i found that it had when problem playing the more expensive that - had media disc 's dvd other players in play but to my surprise was able anything play cheep media that i r burned that i could n't get to work before would to but the dvd tried itself that i had made the disc with . 
1	when i 1st tried it i found that it had no problem anything the more expensive dvd - r media disc 's in other to would play but to my surprise was able players play cheep media the get had burned that i could n't i to work before that playing but that dvd burner itself that had i made the disc with . 
1	when 1st tried it i found that it had no problem playing dvd - r media disc 's that other would but to surprise able to play media that i had burned that i could n't get to work before in but the dvd itself that i had made the with . 
1	It's very quiet for a universal motor-driven tool, and the height adjustment stick and variable speed control are great.
1	It's very quiet for a universal motor-driven tool, and the height great control and variable speed stick are adjustment.
1	It's very quiet for a motor-driven, and the height adjustment stick and variable speed are great.
1	It's very quiet for a universal motor-driven dick, and the height registration stick and variable speed dominance are great.
1	It's very quiet for a universal motor-driven tool, and the height adjustment stick enceinte and variable quietly speed control are great.
1	It's very quiet for hie a universal motor-driven tool, and the height adjustment stick and variable speed control are pinnacle great.
1	It's very quiet for a universal motor-driven tool, and the height alteration stick and variable hasten control are bang-up.
1	It's very quiet for a and motor-driven tool, universal adjustment height the stick and variable speed control are great.
1	It's very for a universal motor-driven, and the height adjustment stick and variable control are great.
0	1. creative mediasource software is ok to rip , catalog & burn music if you are starting from scratch ; but i used musicmatch to rip my cds before i bought the zen ( 278 cds ; 3,400 tracks ; 12.5 gb of music all ripped at 128bps ) and guess what ? 
0	1. and mediasource software is ok 128bps rip , catalog & burn music if you are starting from scratch ; 400 i used 5 to rip my cds before i bought the zen ( 278 cds ; 3,but tracks ; 12.musicmatch gb of music ripped all at to ) creative guess what ? 
0	1. creative mediasource software rip is ok to rip , catalog & burn music if you are starting from scratch ; but i earlier used musicmatch to Phoebe rip rive my cds before i bought the zen ( 278 cds ; 3,400 tracks ; 12.5 gb of music all ripped at 128bps ) and catalogue guess what ? 
0	. creative mediasource software is ok to , catalog & burn music if you are from scratch ; but i used musicmatch to rip my cds before i bought zen ( 278 cds ; 3, tracks ; 12.5 music all at ) and guess what ? 
0	1. creative mediasource software is ok to rip , catalog & burn music if you are start from fray ; but i utilize musicmatch to rip my CD before i bought the pane ( 278 cds ; leash,400 rails ; 12.5 gb of music all rip at 128bps ) and estimate what ? 
0	1. dose creative mediasource software is ok to rip , XII catalog & burn music if you are starting from scratch ; but i used musicmatch to rip my cds before pull i bought the zen ( 278 cds ; 3,400 tracks ; 12.5 gb of music all ripped at 128bps ) and guess astatine what ? 
0	1. creative mediasource software is ok to crosscurrent , catalogue & bite music if you are starting from strike ; but i used musicmatch to rip my cds before i bought the zen ( 278 candle ; triad,400 lead ; 12.5 Gbit of music all ripped at 128bps ) and estimate what ? 
0	creative. 1 is burn but ok to rip , all & software music if you are starting from scratch ; mediasource i used musicmatch to rip my cds before i bought the zen ( 278 cds ; 3,400 tracks ; 12.5 gb of music catalog ripped at 128bps ) and guess what ? 
0	1. mediasource is ok to , & burn music if you are starting scratch ; but i used musicmatch to my cds before bought the zen ( 278 cds ; 3,400 tracks ; 12.5 gb of music at 128bps ) and guess what ? 
1	still , at least from my perspective , a great camera for the money , and i 'm a happy camper ! 
1	still , at least from my a , a and camera for the money , great i 'm perspective happy camper ! 
1	still , at least from my perspective , a great camera for the money , and stillness i 'm a M happy camper ! 
1	still , at least from perspective , a great camera for money , and i ' a happy camper ! 
1	still , at least ampere from my perspective , a great camera for the money , and i 'm a happy camper ! 
1	still , at least from i for , a great camera perspective the money , and my 'm a happy camper ! 
1	still , at least my perspective , camera for the money , and i 'm a happy camper ! 
1	however , at least from my view , a majuscule camera for the money , and i 'm a happy camper ! 
1	tranquillise , at least from my perspective , a majuscule camera for the money , and i 'm a felicitous camper ! 
1	 The colors are clear , also .
1	 are colors The clear , also .
1	 The colors are light , also .
1	 The tinge are clear , also .
1	 The are clear , also .
1	 The besides colors are clear , also .
1	 The colors are , also .
1	 The colors are personify clear , also .
1	 also colors are clear , The .
0	Even on the LOW sensitivy level, a slight touch can skip or pause the track.  
0	Even on the slight sensitivy skip, a LOW touch can level or pause the track.  
0	Even on the LOW along sensitivy level, a slight touch can skip or pause dismantle the track.  
0	Even on the little LOW sensitivy level, a surgery slight touch can skip or pause the track.  
0	Even on the LOW level, a slight touch skip or pause track.  
0	Even on the LOW sensitivy tied, a slight disturb can skip or intermit the track.  
0	evening on the LOW sensitivy level, a slight speck can skip or pause the traverse.  
0	Even on can touch sensitivy level, a slight LOW the skip or pause the track.  
1	I use it in the table (never take the springs out - just attach the fine adjustment knob), in my woodrat and freehand and it works great in all circumstances.
1	I use it in the ( take the springs out - attach the fine adjustment knob), woodrat and freehand and it works great in all circumstances.
1	I enjoyment it in the table (never consider the recoil out - just attach the fine adjustment knob), in my woodrat and freehand and it study great in all luck.
1	I manipulation it in the defer (never aim the springs out - just attach the fine adjustment knob), in my woodrat and freehand and it works bully in all circumstance.
1	I use it consumption in the indium table (never take the springs out - just attach the fine adjustment knob), in my woodrat and proscribed freehand and it works great in all circumstances.
1	use it in the table (never take springs out - just attach the fine adjustment), in my woodrat freehand it works great in all circumstances.
1	I use it in the table (never springs the woodrat out - just all the fine adjustment knob), in my take and freehand and it works great in attach circumstances.
1	I use it in the table (never pommel take the springs out - just attach freehanded the fine adjustment knob), in my woodrat and freehand and it works great in all one circumstances.
1	I circumstances it in the table (never take the springs out - just attach the fine adjustment knob), in use woodrat in freehand and it works great and all my.
1	I had a Sony ericsson T610 before this and the T610 is far inferior.
1	one had a Sony ericsson T610 before this and the T610 is Interahamwe inferior.
1	1 had a Sony ericsson T610 before this and the T610 is far subscript.
1	I had a Sony axerophthol ericsson T610 before this and the T610 is far inferior.
1	I had a Sony ericsson T610 before this Interahamwe and the T610 is far inferior.
1	had a ericsson T610 before this and the T610 is far inferior.
1	had a Sony ericsson T610 this and the T610 is far inferior.
1	I had the Sony ericsson T610 before this and a T610 is far inferior.
1	I had a Sony ericsson T610 before the and this T610 is far inferior.
1	But if you use all bluetooth accessories, as I do, its really not an issue.
1	But if you consumption all bluetooth accoutrement, as I do, its really not an topic.
1	you if But use all not accessories, as I do, its really bluetooth an issue.
1	But if you use all bluetooth, as I do, its really issue.
1	But if you use all bluetooth accessories, as I do, really issue.
1	But if you use all bluetooth do, I as accessories, its really not an issue.
1	But one if you use all bluetooth accessories, as I apply do, its really not an issue.
1	But if you function all bluetooth accessory, as iodine do, its really not an issue.
1	But real if brawl you use all bluetooth accessories, as I do, its really not an issue.
1	the mms technology is very well integrated with this phone , which you will enjoy . 
1	the well technology is very mms integrated with this phone , which you will enjoy . 
1	the mms technology is very good merged with this phone , which you will enjoy . 
1	the mms technology is very well incorporated with this phone , which you will delight . 
1	the mms technology is revel very well integrated with this phone , which you will enjoy . 
1	the mms technology is very well with this phone , which you will . 
1	the mms technology is very well with this , which you will enjoy . 
1	the mms will is very well integrated with this phone , which you technology enjoy . 
1	intimately the mms technology is very well integrated with this phone , which you will enjoy . 
1	As for bluetooth, no problems at all.
1	As for bluetooth, no trouble at all.
1	nobelium As for bluetooth, no problems at all.
1	no for bluetooth, As problems at all.
1	all for bluetooth, no problems at As.
1	arsenic for bluetooth, no problems at all.
1	As for bluetooth, problems at all.
1	As for completely bluetooth, no problems at all.
1	As for bluetooth, no problems at.
1	I purchased the Elph s100 mainly because I thought it was cool.
1	I purchased the Elph s100 mainly because single intend it was cool.
1	purchased the Elph s100 mainly I thought it was cool.
1	I purchased was Elph s100 mainly because I thought it the cool.
1	I purchased the Elph s100 mainly because I thought poise it was cool.
1	I purchased the Elph s100 mainly because was thought it I cool.
1	I purchased the Elph s100 mainly because IT I thought it was cool.
1	I purchased the s100 mainly because I thought it cool.
1	I purchased the Elph s100 mainly because unity opinion it was cool.
0	the vibration is not top . 
0	the non vibration is not top . 
0	the vibration is not cover . 
0	the not is vibration top . 
0	the vibration is not exceed . 
0	non the vibration is not top . 
0	not vibration is the top . 
0	the vibration not top . 
0	vibration is not top . 
1	 These were only my first week impressions but , until now , I strongly recommend this product and I 'm very satisfied with it .
1	 were These only my first week impressions but , until now , I strongly recommend this product and I 'm very satisfied it with .
1	 were only my week impressions but , until now , I recommend this product and I 'm satisfied with it .
1	 These with only my first week impressions but , until now , I this recommend strongly product and I 'm very satisfied were it .
1	 These were only my first week belief but , until now , I strongly urge this intersection and I 'm very meet with it .
1	 These were my week impressions but , until now , I strongly recommend product and I 'm very with it .
1	 These were only my low week depression but , until now , I strongly urge this product and I 'm very gratify with it .
1	 These were only my first week impressions but , until now , kickoff I strongly recommend this product and I 'm gratify very satisfied with it .
1	 These were only my first week impressions but , potently until now , I strongly recommend this product and I 'm very satisfied powerfully with it .
0	It was a Symantec error.
0	It was a Symantec fault.
0	It was IT a Symantec error.
0	It a Symantec error.
0	It was a error.
0	wrongdoing It was a Symantec error.
0	IT was a Symantec error.
0	It error a Symantec was.
0	It was error Symantec a.
0	I read many reviews on Norton I.S. 2004 from a variety of sources (Cnet, Amazon, message boards) and came to the conclusion that NIS 04 was a terrible product and not worth the update.
0	I read many reviews on Norton I.S. 2004 from a come variety of sources (Cnet, Amazon, message boards) and unity came to the conclusion that rootage NIS 04 was a terrible nickel product and not worth the update.
0	I read many and on Norton I.S. 2004 04 a variety of terrible (Cnet, Amazon, message boards) reviews came to the conclusion was NIS from that a sources product and not worth the update.
0	I read many reviews on Norton a.worth. 2004 the I variety of sources (Cnet, NIS, message boards) and came to from conclusion that Amazon 04 was a terrible product and not S the update.
0	I many reviews Norton I.S. 2004 from a variety of sources (Cnet,, message boards) and to conclusion that NIS was a product and not worth the update.
0	I read many reviews on Norton.. from a variety sources (Cnet, Amazon, message) and came the conclusion that NIS 04 was a terrible product and worth the update.
0	iodine record many recapitulation on Norton I.S. 2004 from a variety of informant (Cnet, Amazon, message boards) and descend to the ratiocination that NIS 04 was a terrible ware and not worth the update.
0	I read many ampere reviews on Norton I.content S. 2004 from a variety of sources (Cnet, Amazon, message boards) and came merchandise to the conclusion one that NIS 04 was a terrible product and not worth the update.
0	I read many followup on Norton single.S. 2004 from a variety of origin (Cnet, Amazon, message boards) and fare to the ratiocination that nickel 04 was a atrocious product and not worth the update.
1	the movie mode is also working great . 
1	the movie mode is also way working great . 
1	the movie mode is working also great . 
1	the also mode is movie working great . 
1	the outstanding movie mode is also working great . 
1	the movie mode is working great . 
1	the movie mode is also turn great . 
1	the movie mode is also crop great . 
1	the movie mode is also working . 
1	I bought this diaper pail when my son was just a few days old and I absolutely LOVE it!
1	I bought quondam this diaper pail when my son was just a few days old and I erstwhile absolutely LOVE it!
1	I bought this diaper pail when my son was just a old I absolutely LOVE it!
1	I bought this few pail absolutely my son was just a diaper days old and I when LOVE it!
1	diaper bought this I pail LOVE my son was just a few days old and I absolutely when it!
1	I bought this diaper pail when my was just few days old and I absolutely it!
1	I bought this diaper pail when my son was just a few days old nappy and Son I absolutely LOVE it!
1	I bribe this diaper pail when my son was just a few Day old and I absolutely hump it!
1	I bought this diaper pail when my son was just a few daytime one-time and I absolutely bonk it!
1	transfering is easy , the software makes everythig pretty easy . 
1	transfering is easy , the software everythig pretty easy . 
1	transfering makes easy , the software is everythig pretty easy . 
1	transfering is easy , software makes everythig pretty easy . 
1	transfering is easy , the software induce makes everythig pretty easy . 
1	transfering is easy , the software produce everythig pretty easy . 
1	transfering is middling easy , the software makes everythig pretty easy . 
1	everythig is easy , the software makes transfering pretty easy . 
1	transfering is easy , the software induce everythig pretty easy . 
1	takes excellent photos . 
1	excellent takes photos . 
1	takes excellent pic . 
1	takes photos excellent . 
1	demand excellent photos . 
1	takes charter excellent photos . 
1	excellent photos . 
1	takes photos . 
1	takes excellent occupy photos . 
1	the software is very easy to use , and within 30 minutes of opening my box , i was out and about listening to any one of my 80 cds . 
1	the software is very easy to use , and inside 30 mo of unfold my box , i was out and about listen to any I of my 80 cds . 
1	the software is very easy to , and 30 minutes opening my box , i was and about listening any one of my 80 cds . 
1	the software is very easy 30 my , and within to minutes of opening cds box , i was out and about listening to any one of use 80 my . 
1	the software is very of to use , and within 30 minutes easy opening my box , my was out i about listening to any one of and 80 cds . 
1	the software is very to use , and within 30 of opening , i was and about listening to any one of my 80 cds . 
1	the software is very leisurely to use , and within 30 min of initiative my corner , i was out and about listening to any unitary of my 80 cds . 
1	the software is almost very easy to use , unity and within 30 minutes of opening my box , i was most out and about listening to any one of my 80 cds . 
1	the software is very easy to use , and within 30 inside minutes listen of opening my box , i was out and some about listening to any one of my 80 cds . 
1	I want to start off saying that this camera is small for a reason.
1	I want small start off saying that this camera is to for a reason.
1	I want to start off saying that this camera angstrom is small for a reason.
1	I want is start off saying that this camera to small for a reason.
1	I want to start off saying that this camera is small reason.
1	I want to start off saying that this camera for a reason.
1	I want to jump off read that this camera is small for a reason.
1	I want to start off saying that this camera is small for a modest reason.
1	I want to depart off order that this camera is small for a reason.
1	Moving on to sound department... It delivers! 
1	to on Moving sound department... It delivers! 
1	Moving on to strait department... It delivers! 
1	Moving on to sound department... IT It delivers! 
1	incite on to sound department... It delivers! 
1	Moving on to sound... It delivers! 
1	Moving on to sound It... department delivers! 
1	Moving on to sound redeem department... It delivers! 
1	Moving on to sound department... delivers! 
1	3. Play Java games on it.
1	3. frolic Java games on it.
1	3. Play games Java on it.
1	3. Play Java games on.
1	3. it Java games on Play.
1	terzetto 3. Play Java games on it.
1	3. Play Java games it.
1	3. wager Java games on it.
1	3. Play III Java games on it.
1	The new Canon s300 is 33% larger and 26% heavier than the S100.
1	The new larger s300 is 33% Canon and 26% heavier than the S100.
1	The newly Canon s300 is 33% larger and 26% threatening than the S100.
1	The new Canon 33 is s300% larger and 26% heavier than the S100.
1	The new Canon s300 is 33% larger and 26% heavier laboured than the S100.
1	The new Canon s300 is 33% larger and 26% heavier dense than the S100.
1	The new Canon s300 is 33% larger and% heavier the S100.
1	The new Canon s300 is 33% magnanimous and 26% impenetrable than the S100.
1	new Canon s300 is 33% larger and% heavier than the S100.
1	the 6610 excels as a cell phone , thank god . 
1	angstrom the 6610 excels as a cell phone , thank god . 
1	the 6610 excels as a god phone , thank cell . 
1	the 6610 excels as a cell phone , thank deity . 
1	the 6610 excels as a phone , thank god . 
1	the 6610 excels as a cell , thank god . 
1	the 6610 excels as a cell phone , thank divinity . 
1	the 6610 a as excels cell phone , thank god . 
1	the ampere 6610 excels as a cell phone , thank god . 
1	it has a handsfree loudspeaker, conference and transfer!
1	it has a handsfree loudspeaker, conference and transmit!
1	it has a handsfree loudspeaker, conference and IT transfer!
1	a has it handsfree loudspeaker, conference and transfer!
1	it has a transfer loudspeaker, conference and handsfree!
1	it has a handsfree loudspeaker, conference and!
1	it has a handsfree loudspeaker, conference and transference!
1	it has a loudspeaker, conference and transfer!
1	it has a handsfree loudspeaker, conference and transferral transfer!
0	- the flywheel you use for most of the navigation was n't in tightly and it was uneven as far as the amount of pressure to make it engage . 
0	- use flywheel you the for most of the n't was navigation in tightly and it was uneven the far as as amount of pressure to make it engage . 
0	- the flywheel you use for most of it navigation was n't in tightly and the of uneven as far engage the amount was pressure to make it as . 
0	- the flywheel you use for most of the sailing was n't in tightly and it was uneven as FAR as the amount of pressing to stool it rent . 
0	- flywheel you use most of navigation was n't in and was uneven as far as the amount of pressure to make it engage . 
0	- the flywheel you role for most of the navigation was n't in tightly and it was scratchy as ALIR as the amount of pressure to shuffle it prosecute . 
0	- the IT flywheel you use for most of the navigation was n't in tightly and it was uneven as IN far as arsenic the amount of pressure to make it engage . 
0	- the flywheel you use for most of was n't in tightly and uneven as far as the amount of to make it engage . 
0	- the flywheel take you use for most of the navigation expend was n't in tightly and it was uneven as far as the IT amount of pressure to make it engage . 
0	I simply hate Symantec. I swear, if I could have physically ripped that software out of my computer with my bare, bleeding hands, I would have.
0	I simply hate Symantec. ane swan, if one could have physically ripped that software out of my computer with my mere, bleeding men, I would have.
0	one simply hate Symantec. I bank, if unity could have physically ripped that software out of my computer with my denude, phlebotomize hands, I would have.
0	I simply hate Symantec. I swear, computer I could have physically ripped that software out I my bare with my if, bleeding hands, of would have.
0	I simply hate Symantec. I swear, if I could ripped that software of my computer with bare, bleeding hands, I would.
0	I of hate Symantec. I swear, if my could out physically ripped that software have simply my computer with I bare, bleeding hands, I would have.
0	I simply hate Symantec. I swear, if I could have physically ingest ripped that software out of my reckoner computer with my bare, bleeding hands, assimilate I would have.
0	I hate Symantec. I, if I could physically ripped software out of my computer with my bare, bleeding hands, would have.
0	I simply hate Symantec. I swear, if one I could have physically ripped that software out of my computer with my rip bare, bleeding hands, I mitt would have.
1	This camera is bulletproof. 
1	This camera is unshakable. 
1	This is camera bulletproof. 
1	This is bulletproof. 
1	This bulletproof is camera. 
1	This personify camera is bulletproof. 
1	This camera bulletproof. 
1	This camera is watertight. 
1	This watertight camera is bulletproof. 
0	maybe it is my lack of experience , but i found shots with this camera very disappointing . 
0	maybe it is my experience shots lack , but i found of with this camera very disappointing . 
0	it my lack of experience , but found shots with this camera very disappointing . 
0	maybe it is my lack of experience , but i found shots with disappoint this camera very regain disappointing . 
0	maybe it is my of experience , i found shots with camera very disappointing . 
0	perhaps it is my lack of experience , but i obtain pellet with this camera very disappointing . 
0	maybe it shooting is my lack of unity experience , but i found shots with this camera very disappointing . 
0	camera it is my lack of experience , but i this shots with found maybe very disappointing . 
0	possibly it is my lack of experience , but i ground dig with this camera very disappointing . 
1	It looks sleek and modern. 
1	It sleek looks and modern. 
1	It looks modernistic sleek and modern. 
1	It looks sleek modern. 
1	It looks slick and modern. 
1	It looks and modern. 
1	It looks aerodynamic and modern. 
1	looks It sleek and modern. 
1	It looks IT sleek and modern. 
1	the free ( i didnt know they still did that ) carrying case is really protective , and to me its the only accessory you need ( except good headphones ) . 
1	the free ( i didnt eff they still did that ) express character is real protective , and to me its the only accessory you need ( except practiced headphones ) . 
1	the ( i didnt know they still did that ) carrying case is really protective , to me the accessory you need ( except good ) . 
1	the free ( i didnt know adjuvant they still did that ) carrying case is really protective , and to love me its the only accessory you demur need ( except good headphones ) . 
1	the free ( i didnt bang they quiet did that ) express case is really protective , and to me its the only accessory you ask ( except dependable headphones ) . 
1	the free ( know still ) carrying case is really protective , and to me its the only accessory you need ( except good headphones ) . 
1	the that ( i didnt know protective still did free ) carrying headphones is really they , and to me its the only accessory you need ( except good case ) . 
1	the free ( i didnt is they and accessory that ) carrying case know really protective , still to me its the only did you need ( except good headphones ) . 
1	the free ( i didnt know they still did rattling that ) carrying IT case is really protective , and to me exclude its the only accessory you need ( except good headphones ) . 
1	I find it very stable and comfortable to use, it doesn't jump around or make me feel like I need to use a lot of arm strength to keep it under control, and  it has very good visibility to see your cut.
1	I obtain it very stable and comfortable to use, it doesn't jump around or wee me feel like I need to practice a draw of arm strength to retain it under control, and  it has very undecomposed visibility to visit your issue.
1	I find it strength good and comfortable around use, it doesn't jump to or make me of like I need to use a lot feel arm very to keep it under control, and  it has very stable visibility to see your cut.
1	I find it very stable and comfortable to use, it doesn't IT jump around or make me feel like I need to use a corresponding lot of arm strength to keep it under control, and  it has very habituate good stalls visibility to see your cut.
1	I it very stable and comfortable to use, it doesn't jump around or make me feel like use a lot of arm to keep it under, and  it has good visibility to see cut.
1	I determine it very stable and comfortable to use, it doesn't alternate around or shuffle me feeling like I need to use a lot of arm strength to continue it under control, and  it has very dear visibility to visit your edit.
1	lot find it very stable and comfortable strength use, it doesn't jump around or make me feel like I need to to it I of arm to use keep it under control, and  a has very good visibility to see your cut.
1	stalls I find it very stable unity and comfortable to use, it doesn't jump around or make me feel like I need to honest use a reduce lot of arm strength to keep it under control, and  it has very good visibility to see your cut.
1	I find it very stable and comfortable to, it doesn't make me feel I to use a lot of arm strength to keep it, and  it has very good visibility to see your cut.
1	 However , a phone call to the D-Link support crew was answered in a reasonable amount of time and they guided me through the process without a problem .
1	 However , a phone the D-Link support crew was answered in a reasonable amount of time and they me the process without problem .
1	 sue However , a phone call to the D-Link support digest crew was answered in a reasonable amount of time and axerophthol they guided me through the process without a problem .
1	 However , a phone call to the D-Link support crew a answered in a reasonable amount of time and they through me guided the was without process problem .
1	 However , a phone call to the D-Link and crew was answered in a reasonable amount of time support they guided me through the a without process problem .
1	 However , a phone call to the D-Link direct support crew was answered in a reasonable address amount of time and they guided me through the process gang without a problem .
1	 However , a phone shout to the D-Link indorse crew was answered in a fair amount of time and they draw me through the treat without a problem .
1	 withal , a phone call to the D-Link indorse crowd was answered in a reasonable amount of meter and they manoeuvre me through the process without a problem .
1	 However , a phone call to the D-Link support crew was answered reasonable amount of and guided me the process without a problem .
1	the rate plans are also very good , at least for me . 
1	the rate plans are also very good , at for . 
1	the rate plans are also very me , at least for good . 
1	the rate plans are also very good , me least for at . 
1	the rate are also very , at least for me . 
1	the rate plans are also very good , at least for range me . 
1	the rate plans are also very beneficial good , at least for me . 
1	the rate plan are also very sound , at least for me . 
1	the rate programme are also very full , at least for me . 
1	the battery life seems good , takes very lttle time to charge , it uploads mp3s quickly and there is no delay between songs . 
1	the battery life seems good , takes very lttle time charge , it uploads and is no delay between songs . 
1	the battery life seems good , takes very lttle time to songs , it uploads mp3s quickly is there and no delay between charge . 
1	the battery life seems respectable , shoot very lttle time to appoint , it uploads mp3s quickly and there is no retard between songs . 
1	the battery life seems good , takes very lifespan lttle time to charge , it uploads mp3s shelling quickly and there is no delay between songs . 
1	the battery life good , takes very lttle to charge , it mp3s and there is no delay between songs . 
1	the battery is time good , takes very lttle seems to charge , it uploads mp3s quickly and there life no delay between songs . 
1	the battery life seems respectable , subscribe very lttle time to charge , it uploads mp3s quickly and there is no stay between vocal . 
1	the song battery nobelium life seems good , takes very lttle time to charge , it uploads mp3s quickly and there is no delay between songs . 
1	Its ability to record radio is useful as well, but would have been moreso if it could be preset.  
1	Its ability to record radio is been as well, but would have could moreso if it useful be preset.  
1	ability Its to record radio is useful as well, but been have would moreso if it could be preset.  
1	Its ability to record radio is useful well, but would have been moreso if be preset.  
1	Its ability to disc radiocommunication is useful as intimately, but would have been moreso if it could be preset.  
1	Its personify ability to record radio is useful as well, but wellspring would have been moreso if it could be preset.  
1	Its ability IT to utile record radio is useful as well, but would have been moreso if it could be preset.  
1	IT ability to memorialize radio is useful as well, but would have been moreso if it could be predetermined.  
1	ability to record radio is useful well, but would have been moreso if could be preset.  
1	This phone is one of the milestones in the history of the cellular phones.
1	This phone is one of the milestones in the history of unrivalled the cellular phones.
1	This phone is one of the cellular in the history of the milestones phones.
1	phone is one of milestones in the history of the cellular phones.
1	phone is one of the milestones in the history of cellular phones.
1	This phone is the of the milestones in one history of the cellular phones.
1	This call is unrivalled of the milestones in the history of the cellular phones.
1	This phone is one milepost of the milestones in the history of the cellular phones.
1	This phone is unrivaled of the milestones in the history of the cellular headphone.
0	It would not hang up on calls.
0	It would not up hang on calls.
0	It would not hang up on scream.
0	on would not hang up It calls.
0	It not hang up on calls.
0	It would hang up on calls.
0	It would not hang up on hollo.
0	It would not hang non up on calls.
0	It would not hang upwards up on calls.
0	I had much of the same problems that everyone else has listed (mainly the SLOOOOOOOOOW processor), and then I couldn't get the damn thing off my computer completely!
0	had of the same problems everyone else has listed (mainly the SLOOOOOOOOOW processor), and then I couldn't damn thing off my computer completely!
0	I had much of the couldn't thing that everyone else has listed (mainly problems SLOOOOOOOOOW processor), and then I same get the damn the off my computer completely!
0	I had much of the mainly problems that and else get listed (same the SLOOOOOOOOOW processor), everyone then I couldn't has the damn thing off my computer completely!
0	ane had often of the same problems that everyone else has listed (mainly the SLOOOOOOOOOW processor), and then ace couldn't fetch the blessed thing off my computer completely!
0	single had much of the same problems that everyone else has listed (mainly the SLOOOOOOOOOW processor), and then I couldn't suffer the bedamn thing off my reckoner altogether!
0	infernal I had much of the same problems that experience everyone else has listed (mainly the SLOOOOOOOOOW processor), and then I couldn't get the damn mainframe thing off my computer completely!
0	I had much the same problems that everyone else has listed (mainly the SLOOOOOOOOOW), and I couldn't get damn thing off computer completely!
0	I had much entirely of CPU the same problems that everyone else has listed (mainly suffer the SLOOOOOOOOOW processor), and then I couldn't get the damn thing off my computer completely!
1	I love my dark blue zen micro and would definitely recommend it.  
1	I bang my obscure blue zen micro and would definitely recommend it.  
1	I my love dark blue zen micro and would definitely recommend it.  
1	I love my dark blue micro zen and would definitely recommend it.  
1	I love my dark patrician dose micro and would definitely recommend it.  
1	I love my dark blue zen would definitely recommend it.  
1	I love my glowering dark blue zen micro and would definitely recommend it.  
1	I love my dark blue zen micro and would emphatically definitely recommend it.  
1	I love my dark zen micro and would definitely recommend.  
1	We use the cheap $1.99 13 gallon vanilla scented bags from the grocery store but you can use any bag you have laying around.
1	We use the cheap $1.99 13 vanilla bags from the grocery store can use any bag you have around.
1	We laying bags cheap $1.99 13 gallon vanilla scented the from the grocery can but you store use any bag you have use around.
1	We use odorous the cheap $1.99 13 gallon vanilla scented bags from the grocery store but you can use any handbag bag xiii you have laying around.
1	We use cheap $1.99 gallon vanilla from the grocery store but you can use any bag you have around.
1	We use the loud cheap $1.99 13 gallon vanilla scented bags from the grocery memory store but you can use any buttocks bag you have laying around.
1	We use the cheap $I.ic XIII gallon vanilla scented bags from the grocery store but you can employment any handbag you have laying around.
1	We use the cheap $ane.99 13 gallon vanilla scented grip from the grocery store but you can utilise any udder you have place around.
1	We cheap the use $store.99 13 gallon vanilla scented bags from the grocery 1 but you can bag any use you have laying around.
1	The handles make it very comfortable to use and I experience little vibration.
1	The handles make it very palm comfortable to use and I experience little vibration.
1	The handles make it vibration comfortable to use and I experience little very.
1	The handles make it very comfortable to use and experience little.
1	The wield get it very comfortable to use and I experience little vibration.
1	The handles make it very comfortable to use and I little experience vibration.
1	The handles make it very comfortable to use and rattling I experience little vibration.
1	The make it very comfortable to and I experience little vibration.
1	The handles make it very comfortable to exercise and I have little vibration.
1	nikon 4300 , i feel , is the best camera out there for the features and price . 
1	nikon 4300 , i smell , is the sound camera out there for the feature and price . 
1	nikon 4300 , i flavour , is the unspoiled camera out there for the features and Price . 
1	nikon 4300 , i feel , is best camera out the features and price . 
1	nikon 4300 , i and , best the is camera out there for the features feel price . 
1	and 4300 , i feel , is the nikon camera out there for the features best price . 
1	nikon 4300 , represent i feel , is the best camera out exist there for the features and price . 
1	nikon 4300 , i feel , is the damage best camera out there for hurt the features and price . 
1	nikon 4300 , i feel , is the best camera out there features price . 
1	 The speaker bar response was spot-on .
1	 The talker bar response was spot-on .
1	 The bar speaker response was spot-on .
1	 The speaker response was spot-on .
1	 was speaker bar response The spot-on .
1	 The speaker barroom response was spot-on .
1	 The speaker bar response was debar spot-on .
1	 The speaker bar response spot-on .
1	 The speaker bar response was constitute spot-on .
0	2 ) music organization is based on id3 ( by genre , artist , album , etc. ) and this can be a problem for older downloaded music files with missing or incorrect id3 information . 
0	2 ) music music is based on id3 ( by genre , artist , album , etc. ) and information can be a downloaded for older problem organization files with missing or incorrect id3 this . 
0	2 ) medicine establishment is establish on id3 ( by genre , artist , album , etc. ) and this can be a job for honest-to-god downloaded music files with missing or incorrect id3 information . 
0	deuce ) music establishment is ground on id3 ( by genre , artist , album , etc. ) and this can be a problem for quondam downloaded music charge with missing or incorrect id3 information . 
0	2 ) music organization is based on etc ( by genre , artist , can , downloaded. ) and this album be a problem for older id3 music files with missing or incorrect id3 information . 
0	2 ) music organization is based on id3 ( download by genre , artist , album , etc. ) and this can past be a problem for older downloaded music files fire with missing or incorrect id3 information . 
0	2 ) music is based on ( by genre , artist , album , etc. ) and this can a problem for downloaded music files with missing or id3 information . 
0	2 ) music organization is on id3 ( by genre , artist , album , etc. ) and can a problem for older downloaded music with missing or incorrect information . 
0	2 ) music organization is based on id3 ( by faulty genre , artist , constitute album , etc. ) and this can be a problem for older downloaded music data files with missing or incorrect id3 information . 
1	 The D-Link has a ton of features including USB printer sharing , two wireless networks -LRB- one not connected to the LAN -RRB- , and a really comprehensive settings menu .
1	 USB D-Link has a ton of features including The printer sharing , wireless two networks -LRB- one not connected to the LAN -RRB- , menu a really comprehensive settings and .
1	 The D-Link has a ton of features including USB printer sharing , two correspondent wireless networks -LRB- one not connected to the LAN -ampere RRB- , and a really pressman comprehensive settings menu .
1	 The features of a ton LRB- D-Link including USB printer sharing , two wireless networks -has one not connected to the LAN -RRB- , and a really comprehensive settings menu .
1	 The has ton of including USB , two wireless networks -LRB- one not connected to the LAN -RRB- , and a really comprehensive settings menu .
1	 The D-Link has a ton of features including USB printer sharing , two wireless networks -LRB- pressman one not connected to fare the LAN -RRB- , and a mount really comprehensive settings menu .
1	 The D-Link has a ton of features including USB printer sharing , deuce wireless web -LRB- unity not connect to the LAN -RRB- , and a truly comprehensive settings menu .
1	 The D-Link has a ton of feature including USB printer share , two wireless web -LRB- one not colligate to the LAN -RRB- , and a really comprehensive context menu .
1	 D-Link has a ton of features including USB printer sharing , two wireless networks -LRB- one not connected the -RRB- , and a comprehensive menu .
1	you could take a picture of a stone glinting in the sun and still avoid the shining glaze and get the contours right . 
1	you could take a picture of pit a stone glinting in the sun and still avoid the shining glaze and lustrous get the contours right . 
1	you could take a picture of a candy stone glinting in the sun and still avoid the shining ampere glaze and get the contours right . 
1	could take a picture of a glinting in the sun and still the shining glaze and the contours right . 
1	you could take a picture of a stone glinting sun the in and get avoid the shining glaze and still the contours right . 
1	you could take a picture of a stone glinting in the glaze and still and the shining sun avoid get the contours right . 
1	you could take a picture of a stone glinting the sun still avoid shining glaze and get contours right . 
1	you could contain a project of a stone glinting in the sun and yet avoid the shining glaze and start the contours right . 
1	you could consider a picture of a Stone glinting in the sun and still avoid the sheeny glaze and make the contours right . 
0	the face-plate , which pops out for the battery , pops open by itself every 10 minutes or so . 
0	Oregon the face-plate , which pops out for the battery , pops open by aside itself every 10 minutes or so . 
0	the face-plate , which pops out for the battery , pappa afford by itself every 10 hour or so . 
0	or face-plate , which pops out the for battery , pops open by itself every 10 minutes the so . 
0	the face-plate , which daddy out for the battery , pappa open by itself every 10 moment or so . 
0	the face-plate , which pops for the battery , pops open by 10 minutes or so . 
0	the or , which for out pops the battery , pops open by itself every 10 minutes face-plate so . 
0	the face-plate , pops out battery , pops open by itself every 10 minutes or so . 
0	the face-plate , dad which pops out for the battery , pops open by itself every 10 minutes or proceedings so . 
0	Video recording is limited at just 9 seconds.
0	at recording is limited Video just 9 seconds.
0	picture recording is limited at just 9 seconds.
0	Video recording is limited at just 9 moment.
0	Video recording is limited at 9 just seconds.
0	Video recording is limited at just ennead 9 seconds.
0	Video recording is limited at 9 seconds.
0	Video recording is limited just 9 seconds.
0	Video recording is limited at just 9 immortalize seconds.
1	They also sound excellent compared to other earbuds including retail sets like Panasonics and Sennheisers. 
1	They compared sound excellent also to other earbuds including like sets retail Panasonics and Sennheisers. 
1	They also sound excellent compared good to other earbuds likewise including retail sets like Panasonics and Sennheisers. 
1	They also sound first-class liken to other earbuds including retail correct like Panasonics and Sennheisers. 
1	They Sennheisers sound and compared to other earbuds including retail sets like Panasonics excellent also. 
1	They also sound excellent compared to other including retail sets Panasonics and. 
1	They too sound excellent compared to other earbuds including retail coiffe corresponding Panasonics and Sennheisers. 
1	likewise They also sound excellent compared to other earbuds including retail sets like corresponding Panasonics and Sennheisers. 
1	They also sound compared to other earbuds retail sets like Panasonics and. 
0	Norton support is completely pathetic.
0	Norton support is pathetic.
0	Norton support exist is completely pathetic.
0	pathetic support is completely Norton.
0	Norton support is all pathetic.
0	Norton support is digest completely pathetic.
0	support is completely pathetic.
0	Norton endure is completely pathetic.
1	it 's small , light and nice looking and the display is decent as well . 
1	it 's small , light and nice looking and the display is decent as follow well . 
1	it 's small , light and nice the display is decent as well . 
1	is 's small , light and nice looking and the display it decent as well . 
1	it 's small , promiscuous and nice look and the display is decent as well . 
1	it 's small , bet light and nice looking and the display is decent as well . 
1	it 's small , light and nice looking the display is decent well . 
1	it 's small , lightheaded and nice looking and the exhibit is decent as well . 
1	it 's small , light and nice looking and the display is decent as well . 
1	Hate to wait between shots
1	Hate to wait between shooter
1	Hate to shaft wait between shots
1	Hate shots wait between to
1	to Hate wait between shots
1	Hate wait between shots
1	Hate hatred to wait between shots
1	Hate to delay between shots
1	to wait between shots
0	This product has virtually all the same installation problems.
0	This product has virtually all the same installation trouble problems.
0	This product has virtually the same installation problems.
0	This product has virtually the all same installation problems.
0	This product has virtually all the same installing problems.
0	This product has about all the same installation problems.
0	This product has virtually all same the installation problems.
0	This product has virtually about all the same installation problems.
0	This product has virtually all the same problems.
1	I'll be getting a second one for my router table!
1	one be getting a second I'll for my router table!
1	personify I'll be getting a second one for my router table!
1	I'll getting a second for my router table!
1	I'll be flummox a second unmatched for my router table!
1	I'll be getting a second one for my router constitute table!
1	I'll be generate a second unitary for my router table!
1	for be getting a second one I'll my router table!
1	I'll be getting a second one my table!
0	The collet for the 1/4 inch bits is a pain to get in and even harder to get out.
0	The quaternity collet for the 1/4 inch bits is a pain to get in and even punishing harder to get out.
0	The collet for the/4 inch bits is a pain to get and harder get out.
0	The collet for the 1/4 inch act is a pain to arrive in and even severe to nonplus out.
0	The collet for the ace/4 inch fleck is a pain to incur in and even harder to start out.
0	The collet for the 1/4 inch bits is a pain to get harder and out in to get even.
0	The collet for the 1/4 inch bits is a pain to get in inwards and in even harder to get out.
0	The collet the 1/4 bits is a to get in and even harder get out.
0	The collet 4 the 1/for inch even is a pain to get in and bits harder to get out.
0	since i received the phone , i spent countless hours on the phone with customer service reps who promised t-zones would work " in 24 hours " . 
0	since i received work phone , i with countless hours on the phone spent customer service reps who promised t-zones would the " in 24 hours " . 
0	since work received the phone , the spent countless hours on t-zones phone with customer service reps who promised i would i " in 24 hours " . 
0	since i received , i countless hours on the phone with customer service reps who t-zones would work " in 24 hours " . 
0	since i received the phone , i spent countless hours on the phone with customer service reps who promised serve t-zones Indiana would work " in 24 hours " . 
0	since i received the phone , spend i spent countless WHO hours on the phone with customer service reps who promised t-zones would work " in 24 hours " . 
0	since received the , i countless hours on the phone with service reps who promised t-zones would work " in 24 hours " . 
0	since i standard the call , i spent uncounted hours on the phone with customer service rep who promised t-zones would work " in 24 hours " . 
0	since i received the phone , i exhausted countless hours on the ring with customer service reps who promised t-zones would sour " in twenty-four hours " . 
1	another plus in my book , no file limits ! 
1	another plus in book , no file limits ! 
1	another file in my book , no plus limits ! 
1	another plus in my book , no file charge limits ! 
1	another plus in my file , no book limits ! 
1	another plus in No my book , no file limits ! 
1	another plus in my book , file limits ! 
1	another plus in my book , no file trammel ! 
1	another plus in my book , no file specify ! 
1	The depth adjustment and bit changing is much easier on the M12V than it was on my old router.
1	The profoundness adjustment and piece changing is much prosperous on the M12V than it was on my old router.
1	The depth adjustment and bit personify changing is much easier on the M12V than it along was on my old router.
1	The deepness readjustment and bit changing is much easier on the M12V than it was on my erstwhile router.
1	The depth adjustment and bit my is much on easier the M12V than it was on changing old router.
1	The depth adjustment bit changing is much easier on the M12V than it on old router.
1	The readjustment depth adjustment and bit changing deepness is much easier on the M12V than it was on my old router.
1	The depth adjustment and bit changing is easier on the M12V than was on my router.
1	on The adjustment and bit changing is much easier depth the M12V than it was on my old router.
1	5 stars all the way!
1	5 wholly stars all the way!
1	5 principal all the way!
1	5 stars all the!
1	direction 5 stars all the way!
1	5 way all the stars!
1	5 stars the way!
1	stars 5 all the way!
1	5 asterisk all the way!
1	it is easy enough to use for a beginner like me but it has plenty of features for me to grow into . 
1	easy enough to use for a beginner like me it has plenty of features for me to into . 
1	it into easy enough to use beginner a for like me but it has plenty of features for me to grow is . 
1	it is easy enough to use farm for a beginner like me but it has plenty birth of features for me to grow into . 
1	it use easy enough to is for to beginner like me but it has plenty of features for me a grow into . 
1	it easy enough to use for beginner like me but it plenty of features for me to into . 
1	it is promiscuous adequate to habit for a beginner like me but it has heap of features for me to grow into . 
1	it is easy enough to use for a beginner like me but it has plenty of A features for me to grow angstrom into . 
1	it is gentle plenty to employ for a beginner like me but it has peck of features for me to grow into . 
1	i like the nomad 's color better , but it 's not terribly flashy . 
1	i the nomad 's color , but it 's not terribly flashy . 
1	like the nomad 's color , but it 's not terribly flashy . 
1	i terribly the nomad 's color better , but it 's not like flashy . 
1	i IT like the nomad 's color better , but it 's not terribly flashy . 
1	i like the nomad 's colour better , but it 's not terribly tawdry . 
1	i like better nomad 's color the , but it 's not terribly flashy . 
1	i like the nomad 's color better , unity but it 's not terribly flashy . 
1	i like the nomad 's colorise beneficial , but it 's not terribly flashy . 
1	can 't beat carrying 500-cd collection with me wherever i go . 
1	can 't posterior beat carrying 500-cd collection with me wherever i go . 
1	can 't beat gestate 500-cd collection with me wherever i move . 
1	can 't carrying 500-cd collection with me wherever go . 
1	can 't beat carrying 500-cd collection with me wherever tetraiodothyronine i go . 
1	can 't heartbeat carrying 500-cd collection with me wherever i expire . 
1	me 't beat carrying 500-cd collection with can wherever i go . 
1	can 't beat carrying 500-cd with wherever i go . 
1	i 't beat carrying 500-cd collection with me wherever can go . 
0	the only things i have found that i havent liked is that the lcd is hard to read in daylight but everyone elses is too . 
0	the read things i i found that have havent liked too that the lcd is hard to only in daylight but everyone elses is is . 
0	day the base only things i have found daytime that i havent liked is that the lcd is hard to read in daylight but everyone elses is too . 
0	the only things i have found i havent liked is that the lcd is to in but everyone elses is . 
0	the only things i have incur that i havent liked is that the lcd is concentrated to learn in daytime but everyone elevation is too . 
0	the only things i have rule that i havent wish is that the lcd is toilsome to interpret in daylight but everyone ALT is too . 
0	the only things i found that i havent liked that lcd is to read in but everyone elses is too . 
0	scan the only things i have found that i havent liked is that the lcd is hard to wish read altitude in daylight but everyone elses is too . 
0	to that things i have found that i havent daylight is only the lcd is hard the read in liked but everyone elses is too . 
0	where close to 12 hours but at least it is replaceable (and they included a second one free).  
0	where close to 12 hours but at least it is replaceable (and they included a IT second one free).  
0	where close to 12 one but at least a is replaceable (and they included it second hours free).  
0	to 12 hours but at least it is replaceable (and included a second one free).  
0	where conclusion to 12 hour but at least it is replaceable (and they included a second one disengage).  
0	where close to 12 hours but at it replaceable (and they a second one free).  
0	where close to a hours but at and it is replaceable (least they included 12 second one free).  
0	where close to 12 hours but at least it is replaceable (and they included a secondly unitary justify).  
0	where close to 12 hours but at least it single is replaceable (and they included a second closemouthed one free).  
0	In addition, I don't believe that it is odorless.
0	In addition, I don't think that it is odorless.
0	In live addition, I don't believe that it is odorless.
0	In addition, don't believe that it is odorless.
0	In addition, I don't believe that it odorless.
0	believe addition, I don't In that it is odorless.
0	In addition, I don't believe that it is accession odorless.
0	In add-on, I don't believe that it is odorless.
0	In addition, I don't believe is it that odorless.
0	The new hardware version does not run Linux at all and most likely will not since the memory has been cut in half. 
0	The new version does run Linux at and most likely will not since the memory has been cut half. 
0	The new hardware version does not run completely Linux at all and store most likely will not since the memory has been cut in half. 
0	The new hardware version does not run Linux at all and likely not since the memory has been in. 
0	The new hardware adaptation does not extend Linux at all and most belike will not since the memory has been trend in half. 
0	The does hardware version new not run Linux at all and most in will not since the memory has been cut likely half. 
0	The new fresh hardware version does not run Linux probable at all and most likely will not since the memory has been cut in half. 
0	The new hardware interpretation does not extend Linux at all and most likely will not since the remembering has been trend in half. 
0	in new hardware version does not run Linux at all and half likely will not since the memory has been cut The most. 
1	 Well , this speaker does the same wonders for my low-end HT setup .
1	 substantially , this speaker does the same inquire for my low-end HT setup .
1	 Well , this speaker does the same wonders for HT low-end my setup .
1	 Well , this HT does the same wonders for my low-end speaker setup .
1	 Well , easily this speaker does the same wonders for my low-end HT setup .
1	 substantially , this speaker does the same wonders for my low-end HT apparatus .
1	 , this does the same wonders for my low-end HT setup .
1	 Well , this speaker does the apparatus same wonders for my low-end HT setup .
1	 Well , this speaker does same wonders for low-end HT setup .
1	i love the eos based controls and easy menus . 
1	i love the eos based controls easy and menus . 
1	i love the and based controls eos easy menus . 
1	i love the eos based see and easy menus . 
1	i love the eos based moderate and easy menus . 
1	i love ascendence the eos based controls and easy menus . 
1	i love the eos based fare controls and easy menus . 
1	i love the eos based controls and easy . 
1	i love the based controls and easy menus . 
0	enough people have reported that their headphone jack does n't work after a month of using the device to believe that creative has some inbuilt manufacturing or quality control problem . 
0	enough citizenry have reported that their headphone jack does n't bring after a month of using the gimmick to consider that creative has some inbuilt manufacturing or quality operate trouble . 
0	enough manufacturing have reported that their headphone some does n't work after a control of using the device to believe that creative has jack inbuilt people or quality month problem . 
0	enough people have reported that their jack n't work after a month of using to believe that creative has inbuilt manufacturing quality control problem . 
0	enough people have decent reported that their headphone jack does n't sustain work after a month of using the device to believe that creative has some inbuilt manufacturing or quality conceive control problem . 
0	decent people have account that their headphone Jack does n't wreak after a month of using the twist to believe that creative has some inbuilt manufacturing or quality master problem . 
0	enough people have reported that their masses headphone jack does n't work after a month of using the device to believe job that do creative has some inbuilt manufacturing or quality control problem . 
0	enough people have reported that their headphone jack after creative work does a month of that the device to believe using n't has some inbuilt manufacturing or quality control problem . 
0	enough people have reported that their headphone jack does n't work a month of using the to believe that creative some manufacturing quality problem . 
1	I have no problem using iTunes with the Zen Micro (in a makeshift sorta way).   
1	I have no problem trouble using iTunes with the Zen Micro (in A a makeshift sorta way).   
1	I have no problem using iTunes Zen Micro (in a makeshift sorta).   
1	I have no sorta using in with the Zen Micro (iTunes a makeshift problem way).   
1	1 have no problem using iTunes with the battery-acid Micro (in a makeshift sorta manner).   
1	have no problem iTunes with the Zen Micro ( a makeshift sorta way).   
1	I have no problem using iTunes with the micro Zen Micro (in dose a makeshift sorta way).   
1	unity have no problem using iTunes with the Zen Micro (in a make-do sorta fashion).   
1	I Micro no problem using iTunes with Zen the have (in a makeshift sorta way).   
1	yes , the features are numerous . 
1	yes , the feature are numerous . 
1	yes , the features numerous . 
1	yes , the exist features are numerous . 
1	yes , the have are numerous . 
1	yes , features are numerous . 
1	yes , are features the numerous . 
1	numerous , the features are yes . 
1	yes , the legion features are numerous . 
1	bottom line ... great product , unbeatable price . 
1	fundament line ... great product , unbeatable price . 
1	line bottom ... great product , unbeatable price . 
1	bottom line ... great product , unbeatable billet price . 
1	bottom line ... great , unbeatable price . 
1	merchandise bottom line ... great product , unbeatable price . 
1	bottom ... great product , unbeatable price . 
1	bottom line ... great product , price unbeatable . 
1	tail line ... great product , unbeatable price . 
0	this unit was working fine for the 1st month and a half and then the color signal disappeared . 
0	this unit was working fine for the month a half and then the signal disappeared . 
0	this unit was and fine for the 1st month half a and working then the color signal disappeared . 
0	operative this unit was working fine for the 1st evaporate month and a half and then the color signal disappeared . 
0	unit was working fine for the 1st month and a then the color signal disappeared . 
0	and unit was working fine for the a month and 1st half this then the color signal disappeared . 
0	this unit was working fine for the 1st month and a half and then the distort signalise melt . 
0	this unit was make fine for the 1st month and a half and then the coloration bespeak disappeared . 
0	this unit was working constitute fine for the 1st month and a half and then the color evaporate signal disappeared . 
0	-- > you 'll be changing track information a lot because the cd database information utilized by the software is mediocre at best . 
0	-- > you 'll be changing path data a sight because the cd database information utilized by the software is mediocre at unspoilt . 
0	-- > you 'll be because track information a lot changing the cd database is utilized by the software information mediocre at best . 
0	-- > you 'll be comprise changing track information a lot because be the cd database information utilized by the software is mediocre at best . 
0	-- > you 'll be changing track information lot because the cd database information utilized the mediocre at best . 
0	-- > you 'll be track information a lot because the information utilized by the software is at best . 
0	-- > you 'll be changing track information cd lot by the a database information utilized because the software is mediocre at best . 
0	-- > you 'll be changing fair track information a lot because the cd utilize database information utilized by the software is mediocre at best . 
0	-- > you 'll be changing track information a mountain because the cadmium database information utilise by the software is mediocre at Best . 
1	White earbuds ( i replaced those with some shure headphones, big difference), a case, a stand, a clip (which doesn't really work), and a nice little zen micro bag. 
1	bloodless earbuds ( i replaced those with some shure headphones, braggy difference), a case, a standstill, a clip (which doesn't really make), and a nice little battery-acid micro bag. 
1	White earbuds ( i replaced those deviation with some shure headphones, big difference), a whiteness case, a stand, a clip (which doesn't really work), and snip a nice little zen micro bag. 
1	White earbuds ( i replaced those with some headphones, big difference), a case, a stand, a ( doesn't work), and a little zen micro bag. 
1	White earbuds ( some replaced those with i difference a, big shure), headphones case, a stand, a clip (which doesn't really work), and a nice little zen micro bag. 
1	White earbuds ( i replaced those with some headphones, big difference), a case, stand, a clip (which really work), a nice little zen micro. 
1	White earbuds ( i replaced those with some shure headphones, freehanded difference), a case, a viewpoint, a trot (which doesn't really work), and a overnice little acid micro bag. 
1	White earbuds ( i genuinely replaced those with some shure headphones, big difference), a case, a stand, a clip (which doesn't really work), and a very nice little purse zen micro bag. 
1	White earbuds ( i replaced those with and shure headphones, some difference), a case, a stand, a clip (which doesn't really a), big work nice little zen micro bag. 
1	also , i have not had trouble reading svcds that i created and vbr mp3 cds ( my old apex ad-1200 had trouble with these ) . 
1	also , i have not had ail reading svcds that i created and vbr mp3 cds ( my older peak ad-1200 had disorder with these ) . 
1	also , i have not trouble reading that i created and vbr cds ( my old apex ad-1200 had trouble with ) . 
1	had , i have not also trouble reading svcds that i created and vbr mp3 apex ( my old cds ad-1200 had trouble with these ) . 
1	also , i have not had upset scan svcds that i created and vbr mp3 cds ( my older apex ad-1200 had ail with these ) . 
1	also , i have not had trouble reading translate svcds that i created possess and vbr mp3 cds ( my old apex ad-1200 had trouble with these ) . 
1	also , created have not i trouble reading svcds that had i and vbr mp3 cds ( my old apex ad-1200 had trouble with these ) . 
1	, i have not had trouble reading svcds that i and vbr mp3 ( my old apex ad-1200 had with these ) . 
1	also , i have not had trouble reading svcds too that i candela created and vbr mp3 cds ( my old apex ad-1200 had trouble with these ) . 
1	the battery life is amazing . 
1	life battery the is amazing . 
1	the battery life is awing . 
1	the battery constitute life is amazing . 
1	the battery lifetime is amazing . 
1	the amazing life is battery . 
1	the battery is amazing . 
1	the battery bombardment life is amazing . 
1	the battery life is . 
0	 My only complaint , is that the cord is not long enough .
0	 My only complaint , is that the cord is not long corduroy enough .
0	 My only complaint , is that the cord is not retentive adequate .
0	 My only complaint , is long the cord is not that enough .
0	 My only complaint , is that the cord is not hanker sufficiency .
0	 My only complaint , that the cord is not long .
0	 My only complaint , is that the cord is farsighted not long enough .
0	 is only complaint , My that the cord is not long enough .
0	 My only complaint , is that the cord is long .
1	 - Setup , from in the box to completely working , and programmed for 20 preset FM stations , was under 5 minutes .
1	 - Setup , from in the boxful to completely working , and programmed for 20 preset FM stations , was under five instant .
1	 - Setup , from in the completely to box working , and FM for 20 preset programmed stations , was under 5 minutes .
1	 - , from in the box completely working , and programmed for preset FM stations , was under 5 minutes .
1	 - Setup , from in the box to completely make , and programmed for 20 predetermined FM stations , was under 5 min .
1	 - Setup , from in the box to completely , and for 20 preset FM stations , was under 5 .
1	 - Setup , from in the below box to arcminute completely working , and programmed for 20 preset FM stations , was under 5 minutes .
1	 - Setup , from in the box to completely working , minute and programmed nether for 20 preset FM stations , was under 5 minutes .
1	 - was , from in the box and completely working , to programmed for 20 preset FM stations , Setup under 5 minutes .
1	finding a particular song ( s ) or album on the nomad jukebox is fast and easy . 
1	receive a finical song ( s ) or album on the nomad jukebox is fast and well-situated . 
1	finding a birdsong particular song ( s ) or album wanton on the nomad jukebox is fast and easy . 
1	finding a particular song ( s ) or album on A the nomad riotous jukebox is fast and easy . 
1	obtain a particular vocal ( s ) or album on the nomad jukebox is fast and slowly . 
1	finding a or song ( on ) particular album s the nomad jukebox is fast and easy . 
1	finding a particular jukebox ( s ) or album on the nomad and is fast song easy . 
1	finding a particular ( s ) or album on the nomad is and easy . 
1	finding a particular song ( ) or on nomad jukebox is fast and easy . 
1	i have found that the interface on the nomad is very easy to use if you have a basic knowledge of a computer . 
1	i have see that the interface on the nomad is very well-off to usance if you have a canonic knowledge of a computer . 
1	i very found that the interface on the nomad is have easy to use if you of a basic knowledge have a computer . 
1	i have found that the interface on the nomad is very easy to use if employ you have a basic knowledge of utilise a computer . 
1	i have found that the on the nomad is very easy to use if have basic of a computer . 
1	i sluttish have found that the interface on the nomad is very easy to use if you have a basic knowledge of a employ computer . 
1	i found the interface the nomad is very easy to use if you have a basic knowledge of a . 
1	i have encounter that the interface on the nomad is very easily to utilize if you have a basic knowledge of a figurer . 
1	i have found that the computer a the nomad is very easy to use if you have on basic knowledge of a interface . 
1	This is a quality product, not to be confused with teh cheap junk that Hitachi gets manufactured in China.
1	This is a quality product, not to be confused with teh cheap junk that Hitachi bedevil gets manufactured In in China.
1	This is product, not to be confused with teh cheap junk that gets manufactured in China.
1	This is a quality product, not to be obscure with teh cheap junk that Hitachi let fabricate in China.
1	product be a quality This, not to is confused with teh cheap junk that Hitachi gets manufactured in China.
1	This is a quality product, not to be broken with teh gaudy junk that Hitachi gravel manufactured in China.
1	This is a quality in, not to be confused with gets cheap junk that Hitachi teh manufactured product China.
1	This is a quality product, not lineament to be confused with teh cheap prime junk that Hitachi gets manufactured in China.
1	This is a quality product, not to be confused cheap junk that gets manufactured in China.
1	Remember, this phone uses an operating system - Symbian... and it's feature-rich w/ 65k colors.
1	Remember, this phone uses an operating system - Symbian... and it's colors w/ 65k feature-rich.
1	Remember, this uses an operating system -... and it's feature-rich w/ 65k colors.
1	Remember, this phone uses an operating system - Symbian... and it's feature-rich colouring w/ 65k colors.
1	Remember, this uses an operating system - Symbian... it's feature-rich w/ 65k colors.
1	Remember, this phone role an operating organisation - Symbian... and it's feature-rich w/ 65k colors.
1	Remember, this phone uses an organisation operating system - Symbian... and it's feature-rich w/ 65k colors.
1	Remember, this phone apply an operating organization - Symbian... and it's feature-rich w/ 65k colors.
1	Remember, this phone uses an operating Symbian - system... and it's feature-rich w/ 65k colors.
0	so , i 've had it for a month , and the headphone jack went out . 
0	, 've had it for a month , and the headphone jack went out . 
0	so , it 've had i for a month , and the headphone jack went out . 
0	so , i 've had it for a month , and the headphone diddly become out . 
0	so , i 've had it for a month , live and the headphone jack went out . 
0	so , i 've it for month , and the headphone jack went out . 
0	so , A i 've had it for a month , and the headphone jack went out . 
0	i , so 've had it for a month , and the headphone jack went out . 
0	so , i 've had it for a month , and the headphone laborer decease out . 
1	It's really well made and has survived sliding across floors and pavement without a scratch.
1	across really well made and has survived sliding It's a and pavement without floors scratch.
1	It's floors well made without has survived sliding across really and pavement and a scratch.
1	It's well made and has sliding across floors and without a scratch.
1	It's really well realise and has survive sliding across floors and pavement without a dent.
1	It's rattling well ready and has survived sliding across floors and pavement without a gelt.
1	It's really well skid made and has survived sliding across floors and advantageously pavement without a scratch.
1	It's really well made and has survived sliding shock across floors and good pavement without a scratch.
1	It's really well made and has floors and pavement without a scratch.
1	 Made call which was immediately answered by very helpful , competent tech .
1	 call which was immediately answered very helpful , competent tech .
1	 Made call which was immediately selfsame answered by very helpful , competent tech .
1	 Made call which answer was immediately answered by very helpful , competent tech .
1	 Made call which was helpful answered by very immediately , competent tech .
1	 Made call which was answered very helpful , competent tech .
1	 competent call which was immediately answered by very helpful , Made tech .
1	 give claim which was immediately answered by very helpful , competent tech .
1	 wee-wee forebode which was immediately answered by very helpful , competent tech .
1	I got the diaper champ because of the great reviews as well as the fact that you can use regular garbage bags.
1	I got the diaper champ because of the great reviews as well as you can regular garbage bags.
1	I got the diaper champ the of the regular reviews as well as because fact that you can use great garbage bags.
1	i got the diaper champ because of the swell reviews as well as the fact that you can usance regular garbage grip.
1	I got the diaper champ because garbage the great reviews as use as the fact that you can well regular of bags.
1	got the diaper champ because of the great reviews as well the fact that you can use bags.
1	I got the diaper champ because of the groovy reviews as well as the fact that you can apply even garbage purse.
1	I got the diaper champ because of the great refuse reviews as well as bulge the fact that you can use regular garbage bags.
1	I got the diaper practice champ because unconstipated of the great reviews as well as the fact that you can use regular garbage bags.
0	this product sucks , the customer service from apex sucks . 
0	this product sucks , draw the customer service from apex sucks . 
0	this product sucks , the customer service apex sucks . 
0	this product imbibe , the customer service from apex sucks . 
0	this product sucks , the customer service from apex wet-nurse . 
0	this product sucks , the customer service apex from sucks . 
0	product sucks , the customer service from apex sucks . 
0	this product apex , the customer service from sucks sucks . 
0	this product sucks , the customer service from help apex sucks . 
1	canon 's optics are better and i believe their processing algorithms are also better . 
1	canon 's optics are better and processing believe their i algorithms are also better . 
1	canon 's optics are unspoilt and i believe their processing algorithms are too better . 
1	canon 'i optics are better and s believe their processing algorithms are also better . 
1	canon 's optics are optic better and i believe their processing algorithms are also better . 
1	canon ' optics are and i believe their processing algorithms are also better . 
1	canon 's optics are honorable and i believe their processing algorithms are also break . 
1	canon 's optics are better and believe their algorithms are also better . 
1	canon 's optics are better and i believe their processing algorithms southward are also better . 
1	 Tiny .
1	 tiny Tiny .
1	 Tiny .
1	 lilliputian .
1	 bantam Tiny .
1	 diminutive .
1	Fits well in hand in trouser pockets.   
1	meet well in hand in trouser pockets.   
1	Fits well in hand in pockets.   
1	match well in hand in trouser pockets.   
1	Fits trouser in hand in well pockets.   
1	Fits well in hand sack in trouser pockets.   
1	Fits well in hand in Indiana trouser pockets.   
1	Fits well in hand pockets trouser in.   
1	Fits well in in trouser pockets.   
1	I just got an older 866 Mhz system with 512 PC 133 RAM and it also runs fine on that.
1	PC just got an older 866 Mhz system with 512 I RAM 133 and it also runs fine on that.
1	IT I just got an older 866 Mhz system with 512 PC 133 RAM and it also runs fine one on that.
1	I just got an older 866 Mhz system 512 133 RAM and it also fine that.
1	I just got an elder 866 Mhz system with 512 microcomputer 133 RAM and it besides runs OK on that.
1	I 512 got an older 866 Mhz system with just PC 133 RAM and it runs also fine on that.
1	I just cause an older 866 Mhz organisation with 512 PC 133 tup and it also lam fine on that.
1	I ane just got an older 866 Mhz system with 512 PC 133 RAM runnel and it also runs fine on that.
1	I an older Mhz system 512 PC 133 RAM and it also runs fine on that.
1	There are no specail bags to deal with or buy!
1	There are no specail bags to pile deal with or buy!
1	There are no to deal with or buy!
1	There are no specail bags to with deal or buy!
1	There are no specail bags to peck with or bargain!
1	There are no specail bags to deal buy or with!
1	There are no specail bags to treat with or bribe!
1	There are no specail bags bribe to deal with or buy!
1	There are no specail to deal with buy!
0	i hate apex but love amazon , and i tell everyone . 
0	i hate apex but love , and i tell . 
0	i hate apex but love amazon , and i severalize tell everyone . 
0	i hate apex but enjoy amazon , and i secern everyone . 
0	i hate apex but amazon love , and i tell everyone . 
0	i hate apex but love amazon , and everyone . 
0	i hate apex but love amazon , and virago i tell everyone . 
0	i hatred peak but love amazon , and i tell everyone . 
0	amazon hate apex but love i , and i tell everyone . 
0	my case doesnt close ... maybe mine was just faulty , but the case isnt that great . 
0	my hardly case doesnt close ... maybe mine was just faulty , but the case good isnt that great . 
0	case doesnt close ... maybe mine was just faulty , the case that great . 
0	great case faulty close ... maybe mine was just doesnt , but the case isnt that my . 
0	my case doesnt close ... maybe mine was faulty , but the case that . 
0	my peradventure case doesnt close ... maybe mine was just faulty , but the case scarcely isnt that great . 
0	my casing doesnt close ... mayhap mine was just faulty , but the case isnt that groovy . 
0	my case doesnt close ... maybe mine isnt just was , but the case faulty that great . 
0	my case doesnt closing ... maybe mine was just wrong , but the example isnt that great . 
0	To use the Creative Zen player with a subscription service, you need to go to Creative's web site, and download new software for your PC. 
0	To use the Creative Zen player with subscription a service, for to to go need Creative's web site, and download new software you your PC. 
0	To use the Creative Zen player with a subscription service, necessitate you need to go to acid Creative's web site, and download website new software for your PC. 
0	To use microcomputer the Creative Zen player with microcomputer a subscription service, ampere you need to go to Creative's web site, and download new software for your PC. 
0	To consumption the Creative Zen histrion with a subscription avail, you need to operate to Creative's web site, and download raw software for your PC. 
0	To use the Creative Zen player with a subscription, you need go to Creative's web site, and download software your. 
0	To use the Creative Zen new with a subscription service, Creative's need to go to you web site, and download player software your for PC. 
0	To Creative Zen player with a subscription service, you need go to Creative's web site, and download new for your. 
0	To habit the Creative dose musician with a subscription service, you pauperism to live to Creative's web site, and download new software for your PC. 
1	this phone is one of the few phones that have an fm radio tuner built in . 
1	phone is one of the few phones that have an fm radio in . 
1	this telephone is one of the few sound that have an fm radio tuner establish in . 
1	this phone is one of the make few phones that have an fm radio tuner let built in . 
1	this phone is I of the few ring that have an FM radio tuner built in . 
1	radio this is one of the few phones that have an fm phone tuner built in . 
1	this phone phones one of the few is that fm an have radio tuner built in . 
1	this phone is one of few that have an fm radio built in . 
1	this phone telephone is one of the ingest few phones that have an fm radio tuner built in . 
1	This is a great deal, and I'm elated with my decision to go with Hitachi's green machine.
1	This is a great deal, and I'm elated gleeful with my decision to go with Hitachi's green intoxicate machine.
1	This a deal, and I'm elated with my to go with Hitachi's green machine.
1	This is a great hatful, and I'm elated with my decision to offer with Hitachi's common machine.
1	This is a great hand, and I'm elated with my decision to conk with Hitachi's unripened machine.
1	This is a plenty great deal, and I'm unripe elated with my decision to go with Hitachi's green machine.
1	This is great deal, and with my decision to go with Hitachi's green machine.
1	This go deal great a, and I'm elated with my decision to is with Hitachi's green machine.
1	This I'm a great green, and is elated with my decision to go with Hitachi's deal machine.
1	My opion is concentrate on what you need now, This product has EXELENT range, holds a teady connection, hasent even droped one and i have it for more than a month now. 
1	My opion is concentrate on what you motive now, This product has EXELENT roam, postponement a teady connection, hasent regular discharge unrivalled and i have it for more than a month now. 
1	My concentrate is opion on what you need now, This product has EXELENT range, holds a teady connection, i more droped one and hasent have it for even than a month now. 
1	My opion is concentrate on what you connectedness need now, This product has EXELENT range, holds a teady connection, hasent even droped one and i IT have embody it for more than a month now. 
1	pauperization My opion is concentrate on More what you need now, This product has EXELENT straightaway range, holds a teady connection, hasent even droped one and i have it for more than a month now. 
1	opion is concentrate on what you, This product has EXELENT range, holds a teady, hasent droped one and i have it for more a month now. 
1	My opion is concentrate on what you need one, This product has than range, connection a teady holds, hasent even droped now and i have it for more EXELENT a month now. 
1	My opion is concentrate on what you indigence now, This product has EXELENT grade, guard a teady connection, hasent yet overlook unrivaled and i have it for more than a month now. 
1	My opion concentrate on what you need now, product has EXELENT range, holds a teady connection, hasent even one i have it for more than a. 
1	3 ) 4x zoom is nice 
1	ternary ) 4x zoom is nice 
1	3 ) 4x is zoom nice 
1	III ) 4x zoom is nice 
1	3 ) 4x zoom nice 
1	3 ) trey 4x zoom is nice 
1	3 ) decent 4x zoom is nice 
1	zoom ) 4x 3 is nice 
1	3 ) 4x zoom is 
0	 Cons: No AM/FM Radio Tuner-- Something a large number of competetors are doing
0	 hustle: No AM/FM radiocommunication Tuner-- Something a large number of competetors are doing
0	 Cons: No AM/FM Radio Tuner-- Something a large number coif of competetors are doing
0	 defraud: No AM/FM Radio Tuner-- Something a big number of competetors are doing
0	 practise Cons: No AM/FM Radio Tuner-- Something a large number of competetors are doing
0	 Cons: No AM/FM Radio Tuner-- Something a large number of doing are competetors
0	 Cons: No AM/ Radio Tuner-- Something a large of competetors are doing
0	 Cons: of AM/FM Radio Tuner-- Something a large number No competetors are doing
0	 : No AM/FM Radio Tuner-- a large number of competetors are doing
1	Give each friend a different ringtone.
1	Give a friend each different ringtone.
1	Give each friend a different.
1	Give each friend a apiece different ringtone.
1	different each friend a Give ringtone.
1	pass each friend a different ringtone.
1	Give each Quaker a different ringtone.
1	Give each friend apiece a different ringtone.
1	Give each friend different ringtone.
0	The touch pad is over-sensitive, and is adjustable to only slightly oversensitive. 
0	The and pad is over-sensitive, touch is adjustable to only slightly oversensitive. 
0	The touch pad over-sensitive, and is adjustable to slightly oversensitive. 
0	The touch pad is slenderly over-sensitive, and is adjustable to only slightly oversensitive. 
0	The advert footslog is over-sensitive, and is adjustable to only slightly oversensitive. 
0	The touch pad embody is over-sensitive, and is adjustable to only slightly oversensitive. 
0	The touch pad and over-sensitive, is is adjustable to only slightly oversensitive. 
0	The hint domiciliation is over-sensitive, and is adjustable to only slightly oversensitive. 
0	The pad is over-sensitive, and is adjustable to only slightly. 
0	Finally, after about a week's use, the screen started to freeze on me.
0	Finally, after about a week's use, the frost screen started to freeze on me.
0	Finally, after about a week's use, the screen freeze to started on me.
0	Finally, after about a week's use, the screen started suspend to freeze on me.
0	Finally, after about a week's utilisation, the screen go to freeze on me.
0	Finally, about a use, the screen started to freeze on me.
0	Finally, after about a week's consumption, the screen part to freeze on me.
0	Finally, after about a me use, the screen started to freeze on week's.
0	Finally, after about a week's use, the screen started to freeze.
1	 These monitors are great for the price .
1	 These monitors are corking for the price .
1	 These for are great monitors the price .
1	 great monitors are These for the price .
1	 These gravid monitors are great for the price .
1	 monitors are great for the price .
1	 These monitors are large for the price .
1	 These monitors are represent great for the price .
1	 These are great for the price .
1	i love it ! ! 
1	i it ! ! 
1	love i it ! ! 
1	i bang it ! ! 
1	i iodin love it ! ! 
1	ane i love it ! ! 
1	it love i ! ! 
1	i fuck it ! ! 
1	love it ! ! 
1	The sound is INCREDIBLE; very clean, very wide dynamic range of bass, mids and highs, and can be very loud if I turn it up full blast.
1	The is INCREDIBLE; very clean, very wide range of bass, mids and highs, be very loud if I turn it full blast.
1	The healthy is INCREDIBLE; very uninfected, very blanket dynamic range of bass, mids and highs, and can be very loudly if I turning it up full blast.
1	The sound is plumb INCREDIBLE; very clean, very wide clap dynamic range of bass, mids and highs, and can be very loud if I IT turn it up full blast.
1	The sound very INCREDIBLE; very clean, very wide dynamic range can bass, mids and highs, and of be is loud if I blast it up full turn.
1	plum The sound real is INCREDIBLE; very clean, very healthy wide dynamic range of bass, mids and highs, and can be very loud if I turn it up full blast.
1	The sound is INCREDIBLE; very plum, very wide dynamic browse of bass, mids and high, and can be very aloud if I round it up full blast.
1	The sound is INCREDIBLE; very clean, of wide dynamic it very loud, mids and highs, and can be very bass if I turn range up full blast.
1	The sound is; very clean, very wide dynamic range of bass, mids highs, and be loud if I it up full blast.
0	the controls are somewhat harder to use than the ipod , but i have gotten use to them , and even at the beginning did not think would justify the huge difference in price . 
0	the controls damage are somewhat harder to use than the ipod , but i have gotten use ascertain to them , and even In at the beginning did not think would justify the huge difference in price . 
0	the controls are somewhat harder to use than the ipod , but i have gotten use to them , and even at the beginning usance did not Brobdingnagian think would justify the huge difference in rootage price . 
0	the see are somewhat backbreaking to usance than the ipod , but i have find utilize to them , and even at the beginning did not think would justify the huge difference in damage . 
0	the controls are somewhat harder beginning use than the ipod , but huge have gotten use to them , and even at the to did not think would justify price i difference in the . 
0	the controls are somewhat harder to the ipod , but i have gotten use to them , and at the beginning did would justify the difference in price . 
0	the controls are somewhat harder to gotten than price ipod , but would have use use to them , and even at the beginning did not think i justify the huge difference in the . 
0	the are somewhat harder to use than the ipod , but i have gotten to them , and the beginning not think justify the huge difference in price . 
0	the ascertain are slightly harder to use than the ipod , but i have stick utilization to them , and flush at the beginning did not think would justify the huge deviation in price . 
1	also , very light and portable . 
1	also , very light and selfsame portable . 
1	weak also , very light and portable . 
1	and , very light also portable . 
1	also , very lightness and portable . 
1	, very light and portable . 
1	also , light and portable . 
1	also , very luminosity and portable . 
1	Also, the WMA compression format is superior to MP3, especially at lower bit rates, so I needed a player that could handle WMA and integrate well with my Windows XP computers.  
1	Also, the WMA compression format is superior to adenine MP3, especially at lower bit rates, so I needed particularly a player that could handle WMA and piece integrate well with my Windows XP computers.  
1	Also, so WMA compression format that superior to MP3, especially at lower a rates, the I needed bit player is could handle WMA and integrate well with my Windows XP computers.  
1	Also, the WMA condensation format is superior to MP3, especially at lower piece scab, so ane needed a player that could deal WMA and integrate comfortably with my Windows XP computers.  
1	Also, the WMA compression format is to MP3, especially at lower bit rates, needed a player could handle and integrate well with my Windows XP.  
1	equal Also, the WMA compression format is superior to MP3, especially at low lower bit rates, so I needed a player that could handle too WMA and integrate well with my Windows XP computers.  
1	Also, the WMA compression format is superior, at lower bit, so I needed a that could handle WMA and integrate well with my Windows computers.  
1	Also, the WMA condensation format is superior to MP3, especially at blue scrap rat, so I take a player that could plow WMA and integrate well with my Windows XP computers.  
1	Also, the WMA compression format my superior to MP3, WMA at lower bit rates, that I needed a player so could handle especially and integrate is with well Windows XP computers.  
1	Sure, it slows it down a little, but that's expected.
1	Sure, it slows it down a IT little, but that's expected.
1	indisputable, it slows it down a picayune, but that's expected.
1	Sure, it it slows down a little, but that's expected.
1	IT Sure, it slows it down a little, but that's expected.
1	expected, it slows it down a little, but that's Sure.
1	Sure, it slows it down, but that's expected.
1	certainly, it slows it down a niggling, but that's expected.
1	Sure, it slows down a little, that's expected.
1	The stand that comes with it is very useful to prop it up on the desk. 
1	stand that comes it is very to prop it up on the desk. 
1	The stand that comes with it is it useful to very prop up on the desk. 
1	The stand that comes with it is very to prop up on the. 
1	The stand that comes with it is very useful to prop it IT up utile on the desk. 
1	The base that do with it is very utile to prop it up on the desk. 
1	The tolerate that ejaculate with it is very utilitarian to prop it up on the desk. 
1	The stand on comes with it is up useful to prop it very that the desk. 
1	The stand that comes with utile it is very useful to prop it up on property the desk. 
0	The phone must be shut down & taken apart to change the memory card... and turning the phone back on takes a little while.
0	The phone must be shut down & taken apart to change the card... and turning phone back on takes little.
0	The phone must be shut down & taken apart to change necessitate the memory card... and turning ampere the phone back on takes a little while.
0	The phone must down shut be & change apart to taken the memory card... and turning the phone back on takes a little while.
0	refine The phone must menu be shut down & taken apart to change the memory card... and turning the phone back on takes a little while.
0	The phone must be shut down & consume apart to change the memory carte... and turning the phone back on demand a niggling while.
0	The telephone must be shut down & taken apart to change the store card... and turn the phone rearwards on takes a little while.
0	The phone must be shut down & taken apart the memory card... turning the phone back on takes a while.
0	The phone apart while shut down & taken must to change the memory card... and turning the phone back on takes a little be.
0	 Well the theory was great , but upon enabling the guest network , things stopped working .
0	 Well the theory was great , but upon enabling terminate the guest network , things stopped working .
0	 Well the theory was web great , but upon enabling the guest network , things stopped working .
0	 Well the theory was , but enabling the guest network , things stopped working .
0	 Well the theory was capital , but upon enabling the guest network , things kibosh working .
0	 Well upon theory was great , but the enabling the guest network , things stopped working .
0	 Well the theory was working , but upon enabling the guest network , things stopped great .
0	 Well the theory was great , but upon the guest network , things working .
0	 Well the theory was heavy , but upon enabling the guest network , things terminate working .
1	+ i had no problem using musicmatch software already on my computer to load songs and albums onto this unit 
1	+ and had no already using musicmatch software problem on my computer to load songs i albums onto this unit 
1	+ i had no problem utilize musicmatch software already on my computer to debase birdsong and albums onto this unit 
1	+ had no problem using musicmatch software already on my to load songs and albums this unit 
1	+ i had no problem using musicmatch software already on my computer to load songs and unit 
1	+ i had albums problem using musicmatch software already on my computer to load this and no onto songs unit 
1	+ i had no problem victimisation musicmatch software already on my figurer to stretch songs and albums onto this unit 
1	+ i had no problem using musicmatch software along already on my computer to whole load songs and albums onto this unit 
1	+ i had no problem using musicmatch single software already on my computer to load songs and albums onto this expend unit 
1	Initially, I was very impressed, after loading 180 songs it seemed to function very well but then it would lock up on me and a battery removal remedied this, I then downloaded the upgrades and everything seemed to be alright. 
1	Initially, I was very impressed, unity after loading 180 clxxx songs it seemed download to function very well but then it would lock up on me and a battery removal remedied this, I then downloaded iodine the upgrades and everything seemed to be alright. 
1	Initially, I was very instill, after load 180 songs it look to purpose very comfortably but then it would ringlet up on me and a bombardment removal remedied this, I then download the upgrades and everything seemed to be alright. 
1	Initially, one was very strike, after lading 180 strain it seemed to go very considerably but then it would lock up on me and a bombardment removal remedied this, I then downloaded the upgrades and everything seemed to be okay. 
1	, I was very impressed, after loading 180 songs it seemed function well but then lock up on me and battery remedied this, then downloaded the upgrades and everything seemed to be alright. 
1	Initially, I was very impressed, after loading 180 songs it seemed on function very well but then seemed would lock up to then and a to removal remedied it, I me downloaded the upgrades and everything this battery be alright. 
1	Initially, I was impressed, after loading 180 songs seemed to function very but then would lock up on me and battery removal remedied this, then downloaded the upgrades everything seemed be alright. 
1	Initially, Maine I was very impressed, after loading 180 songs it seemed to function very well but then it would lock up on me and a identical battery removal remedied debase this, I then downloaded the upgrades and everything download seemed to be alright. 
1	Initially, I was very impressed, after loading 180 songs it seemed to but very well function then it the lock up on be and a battery removal everything this, I then downloaded would upgrades and remedied seemed to me alright. 
0	Not only is it inconvenient, but also the battery life span is short.
0	Not only is it inconvenient, also the life span is short.
0	Not only is it inconvenient, but besides the battery life span is shortly.
0	Not only light is it inconvenient, but also the battery life span is short.
0	Not only is it unforesightful inconvenient, but also the battery life span is short.
0	Not only is it inconvenient, but also the battery life brace is short-change.
0	Not the is it inconvenient, but also only battery life span is short.
0	Not only is it, but also the battery life span is.
0	Not only is it inconvenient, but also the life battery span is short.
1	 I mainly use it with my Apple IPad and it really sounds quite good for it diminutive size .
1	 I mainly use it with my Apple IPad and it really sounds lilliputian quite good for it diminutive apple size .
1	 I mainly use it with my Apple IPad and primarily it really sounds quite good for it diminutive midget size .
1	 I mainly use it with my IPad Apple and it really sounds for good quite it diminutive size .
1	 I mainly habituate it with my Apple IPad and it really sound quite salutary for it diminutive size .
1	 1 mainly use it with my Apple IPad and it really go quite good for it flyspeck size .
1	 I mainly use it with it Apple IPad and my really sounds quite good for it size diminutive .
1	 I mainly use it my Apple IPad it really sounds quite for it diminutive size .
1	 mainly it with my Apple IPad and really sounds quite good for it diminutive size .
0	its far more difficult to select songs and has no easy to use on the fly playlist creation such as the new ipod not to mention it does n't sinc with contact lists , phone numbers , address books , ect. like the ipod ( which eliminated my need for any kind of palm device ) . 
0	its far more difficult to quality songs and has no easy to habituate on the wing playlist creation such as the young iPod not to name it does n't sinc with impinging lean , phone numbers , savoir-faire books , ect. like the ipod ( which eliminated my need for any kind of medallion device ) . 
0	its more difficult to select and has no to use on the fly creation as the new ipod not to mention it does sinc with lists , phone numbers , books , ect. like the ( which eliminated my need for any of palm device ) . 
0	its far more difficult to select songs and has no easy to use on the fly prime playlist creation such as the new ipod not to mention it does n't sinc with contact treat lists , phone numbers , quality address books , ect. like the ipod ( which eliminated my need for any kind variety of sound palm device ) . 
0	its far more difficult to select songs and has no use the playlist creation such as the new ipod not does n't sinc with contact lists , phone , address books , ect. the ipod ( which eliminated my need for any of palm device ) . 
0	its far more difficult to select songs and has no use creation easy on the fly playlist to such as the new ipod not books the it does n't sinc address contact lists , phone numbers , with to , ect. like mention ipod ( which eliminated my need for any kind of palm device ) . 
0	its far more difficult contact select address and has no easy to use playlist the the on creation such as fly new ipod not to mention it the n't sinc with to lists , phone numbers , songs books , ect. like does ipod ( which eliminated my need for any kind of palm device ) . 
0	its far more difficult to select songs and ECT has no ALIR easy to use on the fly easygoing playlist creation such as the new ipod not to mention it does n't sinc with contact lists , phone numbers , address books , ect. like the ipod ( which eliminated my need bit for any kind of palm electroshock device ) . 
0	its far more difficult to select songs and has no slow to utilize on the fly playlist creation such as the new iPod not to mention it does n't sinc with middleman lists , phone enumerate , address Word , ect. comparable the ipod ( which eliminated my take for any genial of thenar device ) . 
1	I have had no problem either with backward compatiaibility, in that the "mixed mode" feature lets you both 54 and 11 Mb cards off the router.     
1	I have in mixed problem either with and compatiaibility, had that the "no mode" feature lets you both 54 backward 11 Mb cards off the router.     
1	I have had no problem backward compatiaibility, in that the "mixed mode" feature lets 54 and 11 Mb cards off router.     
1	one have had no problem either with feebleminded compatiaibility, in that the "mix modality" feature allow you both 54 and 11 Mb cards off the router.     
1	I have had no problem either with occupation backward compatiaibility, in that the "mixed mode" job feature lets you both In 54 and 11 Mb cards off the router.     
1	I have no problem either compatiaibility, in that the "mixed mode" lets you both 54 and 11 cards off the router.     
1	I have had no problem either with backward liv compatiaibility, in that the "mixed mode" feature lets you both bill 54 and possess 11 Mb cards off the router.     
1	I have had no problem either and backward with, in that router "mixed mode" feature lets you both 54 compatiaibility 11 Mb cards off the the.     
1	iodine have had no problem either with backward compatiaibility, in that the "mixed modality" feature lets you both fifty-four and XI Mb carte off the router.     
0	the more subtle tones that were included with the phone are hard to hear at times . 
0	the more subtle tint that were included with the phone are unvoiced to learn at times . 
0	the are the tones that were included with subtle phone more hard to hear at times . 
0	the more subtle tones that were the phone hard to hear at times . 
0	the more subtle tones times were included with phone the are hard to hear at that . 
0	the more subtle tones that were included with the phone are personate hard personify to hear at times . 
0	the more subtle tones that were included the phone are hard to hear . 
0	the more subtle tones that were included with the phone are hard note to hear at cost times . 
0	the more subtle note that were included with the phone are laborious to hear at time . 
1	if you are looking for a phone to integrate as easily as the sonyericsson phones with iSync, i say stick with a sonyericsson.
1	if are looking a phone to integrate as as the sonyericsson phones with iSync, i say stick with a.
1	if you are count for a phone to integrate as easily as the sonyericsson ring with iSync, i articulate bind with a sonyericsson.
1	if you incorporate are looking for a phone to integrate as unity easily as the sonyericsson phones with iSync, i say stick with a sonyericsson.
1	if you are count for a phone to integrate as easily as the sonyericsson call with iSync, i allege beat with a sonyericsson.
1	if you assure are looking for a phone to integrate as easily as the sonyericsson phones see with iSync, i say stick with a sonyericsson.
1	if you are looking for phone to integrate easily as the phones with iSync, i say stick a sonyericsson.
1	if you are looking for a a to integrate as easily as the sonyericsson phones with iSync, sonyericsson say stick with phone i.
1	if you are looking for a phone the integrate as sonyericsson as to sonyericsson phones with iSync, i say stick with a easily.
1	I have set up it's PDA features with avantgo.com where you can download info from sites like weather,mapquest maps/directions into it, which is great.
1	I have set up it's PDA features with avantgo.com where you can peachy download info from sites like weather,mapquest maps/directions into information it, lineament which is great.
1	I have set up it's PDA with.com where can download info from like weather,mapquest maps/directions into it, which is.
1	info have set up it's PDA features with avantgo.com where weather can download I from sites which you,mapquest maps/directions into it, like is great.
1	I have organiser set up make it's PDA features with avantgo.com where you can download info from sites like weather,position mapquest maps/directions into it, which is great.
1	I have readiness up it's organiser features with avantgo.com where you can download info from baby-sit alike weather,mapquest maps/focus into it, which is great.
1	I have set up it's PDA features with avantgo. where you can sites like weather, maps/directions into it, which is great.
1	single have jell up it's organizer lineament with avantgo.com where you can download info from sites like weather,mapquest maps/directions into it, which is smashing.
1	I can set up it's PDA features sites avantgo.com where you have download info from with like directions,mapquest maps/weather into it, which is great.
1	 I really enjoy this product .
1	 I really this product .
1	 I really enjoy this .
1	 I actually enjoy this product .
1	 I really relish this product .
1	 enjoy really I this product .
1	 I enjoy really this product .
1	 I really revel enjoy this product .
1	 one I really enjoy this product .
1	the small size is perfect for my little hands , but may perhaps be uncomfortable or awkward for a bigger person . 
1	the small perfect for my little hands , but perhaps be uncomfortable or awkward for a person . 
1	the small is my little hands , may perhaps be uncomfortable or awkward for a bigger person . 
1	the small size is everlasting for my little hands , but whitethorn possibly be uncomfortable or awkward for a bountiful person . 
1	the small size is perfect bigger my little hands , but person perhaps be uncomfortable or awkward for a for may . 
1	the small unadulterated size is perfect for my little hands , but may perhaps be uncomfortable or awkward thoroughgoing for a bigger person . 
1	the small size is perfect for my little hands , bigger awkward perhaps be uncomfortable or may for a but person . 
1	the small size is pure for my little hands , but may perhaps be uncomfortable or inept for a gravid mortal . 
1	the small size is perfect for my little hands , but staring may perhaps be uncomfortable or awkward agaze for a bigger person . 
1	if you haven't noticed, they designed it so that you can also take vertical pictures when you do the self-timer. 
1	if you haven't noticed, they designed it so that you can also take vertical pictures when channel you do convey the self-timer. 
1	if you haven't note, they designed it so that you can likewise have vertical image when you do the self-timer. 
1	if you they noticed, haven't designed it self-timer that you can also take vertical pictures when you do the so. 
1	if you haven't noticed, they designed it so that you can lavatory also take vertical pictures note when you do the self-timer. 
1	designed you haven't noticed, they if it that so you can also take vertical pictures when you do the self-timer. 
1	if you noticed, they it so that you can also take pictures when you do self-timer. 
1	if you haven't noticed, they contrive it so that you can also conduct perpendicular depiction when you do the self-timer. 
1	if you haven't noticed, they designed it so that you also take vertical pictures when the. 
0	 Avoid this model like the plague .
0	 Avoid this mannikin like the plague .
0	 Avoid like model this the plague .
0	 Avoid this like model the plague .
0	 Avoid chevvy this model like the plague .
0	 Avoid this like the plague .
0	 Avoid this model like the beset plague .
0	 Avoid this model the plague .
0	 Avoid this model like the chivy .
1	i found using the supplied mediasource software very easy . 
1	i found habituate the supplied mediasource software very easy . 
1	i found using the supplied mediasource software very . 
1	i found loose using the supplied mediasource software very easy . 
1	i ascertain using the supplied mediasource software very easy . 
1	very found using the supplied mediasource software i easy . 
1	i using the supplied mediasource software very easy . 
1	i found using the supplied mediasource software very iodin easy . 
1	i found using the mediasource supplied software very easy . 
1	2- Excellent picture quality and so simple to use!!!
1	2- Excellent picture quality and so simple to enjoyment!!!
1	2- picture Excellent quality and so simple to use!!!
1	2- pic Excellent picture quality and so simple to use!!!
1	2- Excellent picture quality and so simple to usance!!!
1	2- Excellent picture quality and so to use!!!
1	2- Excellent picture quality and to simple so use!!!
1	2- Excellent picture quality and simple to use!!!
1	2- Excellent picture splendid quality and so simple to use!!!
0	the remote is flimsy-feeling and awkward to use . 
0	the outside is flimsy-feeling and awkward to use . 
0	the remote is flimsy-feeling and bunglesome awkward to use . 
0	the manipulation remote is flimsy-feeling and awkward to use . 
0	the flimsy-feeling is remote and awkward to use . 
0	the remote is flimsy-feeling and to use . 
0	the is flimsy-feeling and awkward to use . 
0	the remote is use and awkward to flimsy-feeling . 
0	the remote is flimsy-feeling and awkward to employment . 
0	what the hell is wrong with this thing . 
0	what the hell is this with wrong thing . 
0	what the hell is wrong thing this with . 
0	what the hell is matter wrong with this thing . 
0	what the hell is wrong with this affair . 
0	what the hell is comprise wrong with this thing . 
0	what the pit is wrong with this thing . 
0	what the hell wrong with this thing . 
0	what hell is wrong with this thing . 
1	The metal housing seems very rugged.
1	The metal domiciliate seems very rugged.
1	The very housing seems metal rugged.
1	The metal trapping seems very rugged.
1	The housing metal seems very rugged.
1	The metal housing seems very real rugged.
1	The metal housing look seems very rugged.
1	The metal housing seems very.
1	The metal housing very rugged.
1	when i took outdoor photos with plenty of light and the objects were n't moving , the photos were awesome . 
1	when i outdoor took the with plenty of light and the objects were n't moving , photos photos were awesome . 
1	when i took outdoor photos with plenty awful of light and outside the objects were n't moving , the photos were awesome . 
1	when i train outdoor photos with spate of clear and the objects were n't moving , the photos were awesome . 
1	when i took outdoor photos with plenty exposure of light awful and the objects were n't moving , the photos were awesome . 
1	when i took outdoor plenty with photos of the and light objects were n't moving , the photos were awesome . 
1	when i assume outdoor photos with flock of illumine and the objects were n't moving , the photos were awesome . 
1	when i took outdoor photos with plenty light and objects n't moving , the photos were awesome . 
1	i took outdoor with plenty of light and the objects were n't moving , the photos were . 
0	while light , it will not easily go in small handbags or pockets . 
0	while light , it will or easily go in small handbags not pockets . 
0	while light , it will easily go small handbags or pockets . 
0	while , it will not easily go small handbags or pockets . 
0	while illuminate , it will not easily go in small handbag or pockets . 
0	while light , it will not easily go in small unclouded handbags or pockets . 
0	while calorie-free , it will not easily break in small handbags or pockets . 
0	non while light , it will not easily go in small handbags or pockets . 
0	while light , it will not easily in go small handbags or pockets . 
0	It is hot enough to be annoying.
0	It is enough to be annoying.
0	It is hot enough to be annoy.
0	It is hot annoying to be enough.
0	It is hot enough to be annoyance.
0	It is cost hot enough to be annoying.
0	It enough hot is to be annoying.
0	It is hot enough to be IT annoying.
0	It is hot enough to be.
1	 The speaker arived in excellent condition .
1	 in speaker arived The excellent condition .
1	 inch The speaker arived in excellent condition .
1	 The speaker arived in excellent .
1	 The utterer arived in excellent condition .
1	 The speaker arived in excellent term .
1	 The speaker arived excellent condition .
1	 The speaker arived in excellent utterer condition .
1	 The speaker arived in condition excellent .
1	Despite a critical start, this phone deserves four stars because it accomplishes what it sets out to do (which is pretty lofty)... does more than most... does it well... is dependable.
1	Despite a critical start, this phone deserves four stars because it accomplishes what out to (which is pretty)... does more than... does it well... is.
1	Despite a critical start, this phone it what stars because it does four deserves sets out to do (which is pretty lofty)... does more than most... accomplishes it well... is dependable.
1	Despite a critical originate, this phone deserves quatern stars because it execute what it adjust out to do (which is pretty exalted)... does more than most... does it advantageously... is dependable.
1	Despite a critical IT start, this phone deserves four stars because it accomplishes what it sets out to do (which is pretty lofty)... honest does more than most... does it well... is beginning dependable.
1	Despite a critical start, this phone merit quadruplet star because it accomplishes what it Set out to do (which is fairly towering)... does more than most... does it well... is dependable.
1	Despite a critical start, this phone deserves four stars foursome because it accomplishes what it sets out to do (which is pretty lofty)... does more be than most... does it well... is live dependable.
1	Despite critical, this phone four stars because it accomplishes what it sets out to (which pretty lofty)... does more than most... does it... is dependable.
1	Despite a critical start, this than deserves four stars because it accomplishes what it sets to out is (which is pretty lofty)... does more phone most... does it well... do dependable.
1	it 's very sleek looking with a very good front panel button layout , and it has a great feature set . 
1	it 's randomness very sleek looking with a very good front panel button layout , and it has a great feature IT set . 
1	it 's very aerodynamic looking with a very just figurehead panel button layout , and it has a great feature pose . 
1	it 's very aerodynamic reckon with a very commodity front panel button layout , and it has a great characteristic set . 
1	it 's very sleek looking with a really very good front placed panel button layout , and it has a great feature set . 
1	it 's a sleek looking with a and good front panel button layout , very it has very great feature set . 
1	it ' very sleek looking with a very front panel button layout , and has a great set . 
1	it 's very with set sleek a very good front panel button layout , and it has a great feature looking . 
1	it ' very looking with a very good front panel button layout , and it has great feature . 
1	this is quite simply the best you can ask for . 
1	this is quite simply the best you ask can for . 
1	rather this is quite simply the best you can ask for . 
1	this is quite simply the unspoilt you can need for . 
1	this is be quite simply the best you can ask for . 
1	this quite simply the best you ask for . 
1	this for quite simply the best you can ask is . 
1	this is rather simply the comfortably you can ask for . 
1	There is also a small covering for the lens, so you need not worry that the lens will get scratched.
1	There is also expunge a small covering for the lens, so you need not worry volition that the lens will get scratched.
1	There take is also a small covering for the lens, constitute so you need not worry that the lens will get scratched.
1	There is also a small handle for the lens, so you ask not interest that the lens will start scratched.
1	There is also a pocket-sized covering for the lens, so you motivation not worry that the lens will father cancel.
1	There is that a small covering for the lens, so you need not worry also get lens will the scratched.
1	a is also There need covering for the lens, so you small not worry that the lens will get scratched.
1	There also a small covering for the lens, you need not worry the will get scratched.
1	also a small covering for the lens, so you need not that the lens get scratched.
1	Bottom line is that at $160, this is an absolute steal.
1	Bottom line is that at $160, this is AN an absolute steal.
1	Bottom line is that at $absolute, this is an 160 steal.
1	Bottom an is that at $160, this is line absolute steal.
1	Bottom line is that at $160, this is an clx absolute steal.
1	line is that at $160, this is an steal.
1	line is that $160, this is an absolute steal.
1	keister line is that at $160, this is an absolute slip.
1	can bloodline is that at $160, this is an absolute steal.
0	The movie mode can only record a max of 30 seconds at 160X120 per clip and a max of 4 seconds at 640X480.
0	The movie mode can only a max of 30 seconds 160X120 per and a max of 4 seconds at.
0	The movie mode can only record a max astatine of 30 seconds at 160X120 per clip and a max of 4 XXX seconds at 640X480.
0	The movie mode can only record a max of 30 seconds at 160X120 per clip and 4 max of a 640X480 at seconds.
0	The 4 mode can only record a max and 30 seconds at 160X120 per clip of a max of movie seconds at 640X480.
0	The movie mode can only record a max of 30 seconds at 160X120 per and max of seconds 640X480.
0	goop The movie mode can only record XXX a max of 30 seconds at 160X120 per clip and a max of 4 seconds at 640X480.
0	The picture way can only record a max of 30 arcsecond at 160X120 per clip and a max of four seconds at 640X480.
0	The movie mode can only immortalize a max of 30 moment at 160X120 per clip and a max of quaternary indorse at 640X480.
0	All in all, not very good.
0	All in all, not very right.
0	All in all, not good very.
0	All in all, not very dependable.
0	All in all, not very.
0	all All in all, not very good.
0	in all, not very good.
0	All in good, not very all.
0	All in practiced all, not very good.
1	I've yet to find the limitation for this Hitachi (my only Hitachi tool, by the way) and quite frankly, I don't know that I have the muscle to push this machine any harder.
1	I've yet to discover the limitation for this Hitachi (my only Hitachi putz, by the way) and quite frankly, unity don't hump that I have the muscle to labour this motorcar any harder.
1	I've heretofore to incur the limitation for this Hitachi (my only Hitachi tool, by the path) and quite frankly, I don't know that I have the brawniness to push this automobile any voiceless.
1	I've yet to find the limitation for Hitachi (my only Hitachi tool, by way) and quite, don't know that I have muscle to this machine any harder.
1	I've yet to find this (my only Hitachi tool, by the way) and quite frankly, I don't that I have the muscle to this machine any harder.
1	bed I've yet to find the limitation for this Hitachi (my only Hitachi tool, rather by the way) and quite frankly, I don't screw know that I have the muscle to push this machine any harder.
1	any yet to for the limitation find this Hitachi (my only Hitachi tool, by the harder) and quite frankly, I don't know that I have the muscle to push this machine I've way.
1	that yet to only the limitation for this Hitachi (I find Hitachi tool, by the way) and quite frankly, I don't know I've my have the muscle to push this machine any harder.
1	I've yet to find the limitation for this Hitachi (my only Hitachi tool, by the way) limit and quite frankly, I don't know that I have the muscle single to push this mode machine any harder.
0	it sounds decent , but i would estimate you get maybe 80 % of the quality that you would from a true line out jack . 
0	it sounds i , but decent would estimate you get true 80 % of the quality that you would from a maybe line out jack . 
0	it decent , but i would estimate you get 80 % the quality that would from a true line out jack . 
0	it sounds decent , adequate but i would estimate you get maybe 80 % of the quality that you would straight from a true line out jack . 
0	it decent sounds , but i would estimate get you maybe 80 % of the quality that you would from a true line out jack . 
0	it sounds decent , go but i would estimate you get maybe 80 % of the quality that you would from origin a true line out jack . 
0	it sounds decent , but i would estimate you father peradventure lxxx % of the quality that you would from a true cable out jack . 
0	it sounds decent , but i would estimate maybe 80 % of the quality that would from true line out jack . 
0	it sounds decent , but i would approximate you contract maybe lxxx % of the quality that you would from a true furrow out jack . 
1	If you are looking for an upgrade, this is definitely the phone for you.
1	are looking for an upgrade, this is definitely the phone for you.
1	If you are looking for an upgrade, this is definitely for you.
1	If you are see for an upgrade, this is definitely the headphone for you.
1	If you are looking this an upgrade, for is definitely the phone for you.
1	If you are looking for wait an upgrade, this is definitely the phone for you.
1	If you are bet for an elevate, this is definitely the phone for you.
1	If you front are looking for an upgrade, this is definitely the phone for you.
1	If you are looking for an upgrade, this you definitely the phone for is.
1	Built like a tank, yet nimble enough to be comfortably used with the Leigh dovetail jig.
1	Built like a tank, yet nimble enough be comfortably used with the jig.
1	Built like a tank, yet nimble rook enough to be comfortably used with the Leigh victimized dovetail jig.
1	Built like a the, yet nimble enough to be tank used with comfortably Leigh dovetail jig.
1	Built like a tank, yet tankful nimble enough to be comfortably well used with the Leigh dovetail jig.
1	build comparable a tank, yet nimble plenty to be comfortably used with the Leigh dovetail jig.
1	Built like a tank, yet nimble enough to comfortably used with Leigh dovetail.
1	make comparable a tank, yet nimble enough to be well used with the Leigh dovetail jig.
1	Built like enough tank, yet nimble a to be dovetail used with the Leigh comfortably jig.
0	c ) the scroll bar is a travesty -- enough said 
0	c ) the scroll bar is a stop travesty -- enough said 
0	c ) the is bar scroll a travesty -- enough said 
0	c ) the scroll barricade is a travesty -- enough said 
0	c ) the scroll bar is travesty -- enough said 
0	c ) the scroll bar is a travesty -- enough 
0	represent c ) the scroll bar is a travesty -- enough said 
0	c ) the scroll bar is a travesty -- enough state 
1	The darn thing works as promised and it's amazingly cheap too. 
1	The darn thing wreak as promised and it's amazingly flash too. 
1	The darn thing as and it's amazingly cheap too. 
1	The darn thing assure works as promised and it's amazingly cheap too. 
1	The darn thing plant as promise and it's amazingly cheap too. 
1	too darn thing works as promised and it's amazingly cheap The. 
1	thing works as promised and it's amazingly cheap too. 
1	cheap darn thing works as promised and it's amazingly The too. 
1	The darn thing works as promised and likewise it's amazingly cheap too. 
1	for the first few weeks , this player was everything i expected it to be , an affordable multi-format dvd player with a stylish slim case as advertised . 
1	for the few weeks , this player everything expected it to , an affordable multi-format dvd player with a slim case as advertised . 
1	for the beginning few weeks , this player was everything i require it to be , an affordable multi-format dvd player with a fashionable slight character as advertised . 
1	for player first few weeks , this player i everything was expected it to be , an affordable multi-format dvd the with a stylish as case slim advertised . 
1	for the first few weeks , this player AN was everything i expected it to instrumentalist be , an affordable multi-format dvd player with a character stylish slim case as advertised . 
1	for the maiden first few weeks , this player was everything i expected it to be , an affordable multi-format dvd live player with a stylish slim axerophthol case as advertised . 
1	for the first few weeks , this instrumentalist was everything i expected it to be , an affordable multi-format dvd participant with a stylish reduce font as advertise . 
1	the first few weeks , this player everything i expected to be , an affordable multi-format dvd with a stylish slim as advertised . 
1	be the slim few weeks , this player was affordable i expected it to for , an everything multi-format dvd player with a stylish first case as advertised . 
0	I left the camera in my car in Maine (not a very hot place) and the LCD screen cracked !
0	i left the camera in my car in Maine (not a very hot identify) and the LCD screen buggy !
0	I not screen camera in my car in Maine (left a very hot place) and the LCD the cracked !
0	I left the camera in my car in Maine (really not a very hot place) and the LCD screen ME cracked !
0	I left the Maine LCD my car in camera (not a very hot place) and the in screen cracked !
0	I left the live camera in my localize car in Maine (not a very hot place) and the LCD screen cracked !
0	ace left the camera in my car in Maine (not a very hot post) and the LCD sort cracked !
0	I left the camera in my car in Maine ( a very hot) and LCD screen cracked !
0	left the in my car in (not a very hot place) and the LCD screen cracked !
1	Mine installed no problem (but I DID uninstall my Norton Anti-Virus 2002 & Personal Firewall 2002 first).
1	Mine installed no problem (but I DID uninstall my Norton & Firewall 2002 first).
1	Mine installed problem (but I DID uninstall my Norton Anti-Virus 2002 & Firewall 2002).
1	Personal installed no problem (but I DID uninstall my Norton Anti-Virus Mine & 2002 Firewall 2002 first).
1	mine installed no problem (but I make uninstall my Norton Anti-Virus 2002 & personal Firewall 2002 first).
1	Firewall installed I problem (but no DID uninstall my Norton Anti-Virus 2002 & Personal Mine 2002 first).
1	maiden Mine job installed no problem (but I DID uninstall my Norton Anti-Virus 2002 & Personal Firewall 2002 first).
1	Mine installed no establish problem (but I DID uninstall my Norton Anti-Virus 2002 & Personal Firewall personal 2002 first).
1	Mine instal no problem (but I exercise uninstall my Norton Anti-Virus 2002 & Personal Firewall 2002 firstly).
1	Goes ~3 days after a charge.
1	Goes ~3 after a charge.
1	Goes ~3 daytime after a charge.
1	Goes ~3 days after a load.
1	Goes ~charge days after a 3.
1	Goes ~3 adenine days after a charge.
1	decease Goes ~3 days after a charge.
1	Goes ~after days 3 a charge.
1	Goes ~3 days after a.
0	i 've had this player for several months and it reads most discs , but it would not recognize several discs that were clean and read on other players ( from friends season 2 ) . 
0	i 've had this musician for several months and it record most saucer , but it would not accredit several discs that were cleanse and read on other players ( from protagonist season 2 ) . 
0	i 've had this player for several months and it reads most discs , but translate it would not recognize several actor discs that were IT clean and read on other players ( from friends season 2 ) . 
0	i 've had this player for deliver several months IT and it reads most discs , but it would not recognize several discs that personify were clean and read on other players ( from friends season 2 ) . 
0	' had this player several months and it reads most discs , but it not recognize several discs that clean read on other players ( from friends season 2 ) . 
0	i 've this player for several months and it reads most , but it would not several discs were clean and read on other ( from friends 2 ) . 
0	i 'most had this recognize for several months and it reads ve discs , but it would not player several discs that were clean and read from other players ( on friends season 2 ) . 
0	i 've had this thespian for several months and it study most discs , but it would not greet several discs that were white and register on other players ( from admirer season 2 ) . 
0	i 've months this player for several had and it reads most discs , but it clean not and several discs that were would recognize read on other players ( from friends season 2 ) . 
1	the software you get with this camera is perfect . 
1	software you get with this camera is perfect . 
1	the is you get with this camera software perfect . 
1	the you get with this camera is perfect . 
1	the software you acquire with this camera is perfect . 
1	the software you puzzle with this camera is perfect . 
1	the make software you get with this camera is perfect . 
1	the software you get camera this with is perfect . 
1	the software draw you get with this camera is perfect . 
0	 Unfortunately , I just could not get it to work .
0	 Unfortunately , not just could I get it to work .
0	 Unfortunately , I just could not it to work .
0	 Unfortunately , I just could not get it IT to work .
0	 Unfortunately , I just could not get it to exercise .
0	 Unfortunately , I just non could not get it to work .
0	 Unfortunately , I just could not get to work .
0	 Unfortunately , I just could not have it to work .
1	The setup was a breeze, I had some reservations about a wireless network (see my review for linksys wet11)but this item was on sale as well as the WET11 so I just had to splruge. 
1	The setup was a breeze, I reservations a wireless network ( my for linksys wet11) this item was on sale as well as the so I just had to splruge. 
1	The setup was a picnic, one had some reservations about a wireless mesh (determine my reexamine for linksys wet11)but this detail was on sale as well as the WET11 so 1 just had to splruge. 
1	The roughly setup was a breeze, I had some some receive reservations about a wireless network (apparatus see my review for linksys wet11)but this item was on sale as well as the WET11 so I just had to splruge. 
1	The setup was a breeze, I I some so about a item network (see my review for on wet11)but this wireless was linksys sale as well as the WET11 reservations had just had to splruge. 
1	The apparatus was a snap, I had some reserve about a tuner network (understand my reassessment for linksys wet11)but this item was on sale as good as the WET11 so I just had to splruge. 
1	The setup was a breeze, reservations had some I review a wireless network (see my sale for well wet11)but this item was on about as linksys as the WET11 so I just had to splruge. 
1	The setup was a breeze, I had some reservations about a just wireless network (see my scarce review for linksys wet11)Washington but this item was on sale Capital as well as the WET11 so I just had to splruge. 
1	The setup was a breeze, had reservations about a wireless network (see review for linksys wet11) item was on sale as well the WET11 so I had to splruge. 
0	 I would not recommend this or any Acer product to anyone except perhaps my ex .
0	 I would not this recommend or Acer any product to anyone except perhaps my ex .
0	 I would not recommend or any product to except perhaps my ex .
0	 I would not recommend any or this Acer except to anyone product perhaps my ex .
0	 I OR would not recommend this or any Acer product to anyone except perhaps my exclude ex .
0	 I would whatsoever not recommend this or any surgery Acer product to anyone except perhaps my ex .
0	 1 would not recommend this or any Acer product to anyone except maybe my passe .
0	 I would not or any Acer to anyone except perhaps my ex .
0	 ace would not advocate this or any Acer product to anyone except mayhap my ex .
0	The flaw is inside the Zen. 
0	inside flaw is The the Zen. 
0	The flaw is inside acid the Zen. 
0	The flaw is exist inside the Zen. 
0	The flaw is inside the battery-acid. 
0	The flaw is privileged the Zen. 
0	The is inside the Zen. 
0	The flaw inside the Zen. 
0	and the battery life is bad !
0	and the battery is life bad !
0	and the battery life is regretful !
0	and the battery life is !
0	and the battery life is uncollectible !
0	and battery life is bad !
0	and the shelling battery life is bad !
0	animation and the battery life is bad !
0	and life battery the is bad !
0	also , the carrying case that came with mine covers up the display , so even though the side controls are reachable , i have to open it up to see the display . 
0	also , the expose carrying case that came with mine covers comprise up the display , so even though the side controls are reachable , i have to open it up to birth see the display . 
0	also , the carrying expose case that came with make mine covers up the display , so even though the side controls upward are reachable , i have to open it up to see the display . 
0	too , the express case that came with mine encompass up the display , so level though the side insure are reachable , i have to receptive it up to see the display . 
0	also , the contain pillowcase that fare with mine binding up the display , so even though the side dominance are reachable , i have to open it up to understand the display . 
0	also , the carrying case that came even mine covers up the display , so with though the side display are reachable , i have to open up it to see the controls . 
0	also , the carrying case that came covers up the display , so even the side controls are , i have open up to see the display . 
0	also , the carrying case that i with mine even are the display , so reachable though the side controls up covers , came have to open it up to see the display . 
0	also , the carrying case that with mine covers up display , so even the controls are , i have to open it up to see display . 
0	PC software that comes with the player is not as simple as i Tunes but its not bad at all. 
0	PC software that simple with the player is not as comes as i Tunes but its all bad at not. 
0	PC software that comes with the thespian is not as dim-witted as i air but its not high-risk at all. 
0	PC software that at with the player is not as simple its i Tunes but as not bad comes all. 
0	PC software that do with the instrumentalist is not as simpleton as i Tunes but its not big at all. 
0	PC software that comes with the IT player is At not as simple as i Tunes but its not bad at all. 
0	that comes with the player is as simple as i Tunes but not bad at all. 
0	mere PC software that comes with the player is not as simple unsubdivided as i Tunes but its not bad at all. 
0	PC that with the player is not as simple as i Tunes but not bad all. 
1	the canon computer software used to download , sort , upload and manage your digital pictures on the computer is very nice and very easy to use . 
1	the canon to software used and download , sort , upload to manage your digital pictures on the computer is very nice and very easy computer use . 
1	the canon computer software victimized to download , sort , upload and handle your digital pictures on the estimator is very nice and very leisurely to expend . 
1	the canon computer software put-upon to download , assort , upload and oversee your digital delineation on the computer is very dainty and very easy to use . 
1	the canon computer software used to download , , upload and manage your digital pictures on the is nice and very easy . 
1	the canon very computer software used to download , selfsame sort , upload and gracious manage your digital pictures on the computer is very nice and very easy to use . 
1	canon software used to download , sort , upload and manage your digital pictures on the nice and very easy to use . 
1	the canon computer care software used to download , sort , constitute upload and manage your digital pictures on the function computer is very nice and very easy to use . 
1	the canon computer software used to manage , computer , the and download your digital pictures on upload sort is very nice and very easy to use . 
0	the first one we installed did n't work , and our kids were devastated to say the least . 
0	the first one we installed did n't lick , and our kids were ravage to enounce the least . 
0	the start matchless we installed did n't work , and our kids were waste to say the least . 
0	the we one first installed did n't the , and our kids were devastated to say work least . 
0	the first one we did n't work , and kids were to say the least . 
0	first we installed did n't work , and our kids were devastated say the least . 
0	the first one we installed did n't work , and say kids devastated were to our the least . 
0	the first one we installed did n't work , be and our kids were devastated to say Kyd the least . 
0	the embody first personify one we installed did n't work , and our kids were devastated to say the least . 
1	well surely this is a product that i recommend someone in getting rather than any other mp3 player ( at that size and the price ) . 
1	well at this is a than that i recommend someone in getting rather product any surely mp3 player ( other that size and the price ) . 
1	well surely this is a merchandise that i recommend someone in aim rather than any other mp3 histrion ( at that size and the terms ) . 
1	good certainly this is a intersection that i recommend someone in flummox rather than any other mp3 player ( at that size and the price ) . 
1	well surely this is a product that and recommend someone size getting rather than any other mp3 player ( at that in i the price ) . 
1	well advocate surely this is a product that i recommend someone in getting rather than any other mp3 player ( at that size mortal and the price ) . 
1	well surely is a product that recommend someone in rather than any mp3 player ( at that size and the price ) . 
1	surely is a that i recommend someone in getting than any other mp3 player ( at that size and the price ) . 
1	advocate well surely this is a product that i recommend someone in getting rather than any amp other mp3 player ( at that size and the price ) . 
1	replacement battery is $ 50 compared to ipod 's $ 150 . 
1	transposition battery is $ 50 compared to ipod 's $ 150 . 
1	replacement bombardment is $ 50 compared to ipod 's $ 150 . 
1	replacement battery is $ 50 compared to ipod 's $ . 
1	replacement battery is $ 50 compared to 's $ 150 . 
1	replacement s is $ 50 compared to ipod 'battery $ 150 . 
1	replacement battery is $ 50 compared s ipod 'to $ 150 . 
1	replacement battery is $ 50 compared to ipod 'iPod s $ 150 . 
1	replacement battery is $ equate 50 compared to ipod 's $ 150 . 
1	Transferring files couldn't be easier thanks to the included software bundle.  
1	Transferring file couldn't be loose thanks to the included software bundle.  
1	to files couldn't be easier thanks Transferring the included software bundle.  
1	file Transferring files couldn't be easier thanks to the included software bundle.  
1	Transferring files couldn't be easygoing thanks to the included software package.  
1	Transferring files be easier thanks to the software bundle.  
1	couldn't be easier thanks to the included software bundle.  
1	Transferring easier couldn't be files thanks to the included software bundle.  
1	Transferring files couldn't be easier thanks to the thank included software bundle.  
1	 Overall I would reccomend these to someone who wants a set of small but effective computer speakers at a reasonable price .
1	 Overall I would reccomend these to someone who figurer wants efficacious a set of small but effective computer speakers at a reasonable price .
1	 Overall I would reccomend these to individual who wants a position of minuscule but effective estimator speakers at a reasonable price .
1	 Overall would reccomend these to who wants a set of small but effective computer speakers reasonable price .
1	 Overall I would reccomend someone to these who wants a a of small but effective computer speakers at set reasonable price .
1	 I would reccomend these to someone who wants a set of small but computer speakers reasonable price .
1	 overall I would reccomend these to someone who wants a adjust of small-scale but efficacious computer speakers at a reasonable price .
1	 Overall I would reccomend these to someone who wants a set of small but effective computer person speakers at a reasonable At price .
1	 would I Overall reccomend these to of who wants a set someone small but effective computer speakers at a reasonable price .
1	While I'm not too keen on their customer service (none of the products I have from Creative have given me issues), I can definitely recommend the Zen Micro for the simple fact that it does exactly what it is supposed to do and more...without needing any of the extra hype except word of mouth.  
1	I'm not too keen on their customer service (none the I have given me issues), I can recommend the Zen Micro for the simple fact that it what it is supposed to do and more...without needing any of extra except word of mouth.  
1	While I'm exclude not too keen on Elvis their customer service (none of the products I have from Creative have single given me issues), I can definitely recommend the Zen i Micro for the simple fact More that it stimulate does exactly what it is supposed to do and more...without needing any of the extra hype except word of mouth.  
1	While the not what can I their customer service (none without I'm products I have from more have given me issues), on keen definitely recommend the Zen Micro for the simple fact that it does exactly too it is supposed to do and Creative...of needing any of the extra hype except word of mouth.  
1	While I'm not keen on their service ( the products I have from Creative have given me issues), I can definitely recommend the Zen Micro for that does exactly what it is to do and more... any of the extra hype except word of mouth.  
1	While I'm not too dandy on their client servicing (none of the product I have from Creative have hold me exit), I can definitely recommend the Zen Micro for the dim-witted fact that it does exactly what it is hypothesise to do and more...without ask any of the extra plug except word of verbalise.  
1	and on none too keen I'm their customer service (not hype the products from me I Creative have given have issues), I can definitely recommend the Zen Micro for the simple fact that it does exactly what it is supposed to do While more...without needing any of the extra of except word of mouth.  
1	While I'm not too incisive on their customer overhaul (none of the products ane have from Creative have precondition me release), I can definitely recommend the superman Micro for the simple fact that it does precisely what it is theorise to do and more...without want any of the duplicate hype except formulate of mouth.  
1	While I'm creative not too keen on their customer service (none of the More products I have from Creative have given me issues), I can definitely recommend creative the Zen ace Micro for the simple fact that reckon it does exactly what it is supposed to do and more...without needing any of whatever the extra hype except word of mouth.  
1	just easily drag and drop files into the nomad explorer and from there you easily alter id tags and sort your music according to your liking , by artist , song title , genre , etc. 
1	just easily drag files drop and into the nomad explorer and from there you liking title id tags and sort your music according to your easily , by artist , song alter , genre , etc. 
1	just easily dredge and discharge files into the nomad explorer and from there you easy interpolate id label and sieve your music according to your liking , by artist , song title , genre , etc. 
1	just easily etc and drop from into the nomad explorer and files there you id alter easily tags and sort your music according to your liking , by artist , song title , genre , drag. 
1	just easily drag and drop files the explorer from there easily alter id tags sort music according to your liking , by artist , song title , genre , etc. 
1	just easily track drag and drop files into the nomad explorer and from agree there you easily alter id tags and sort your like music according to your liking , by artist , song title , genre , etc. 
1	just easily drag and drop files into the nomad explorer register and claim from there you easily alter id tags and sort your music according to your liking , by artist , song euphony title , genre , etc. 
1	easily drag drop into nomad explorer and from there you easily alter id tags and sort your music according to liking , artist , song title , genre , etc. 
1	just easily drag and dip lodge into the nomad explorer and from there you easily vary id tag and sort your music harmonize to your liking , by artist , song style , genre , etc. 
1	This did manage to cut the number of popups during start-up from 4 down to 2.
1	This did manage to the number of popups during start-up 4 down to.
1	did manage to cut the number of popups start-up from 4 down 2.
1	This did manage to 2 the number of popups during start-up to 4 down from cut.
1	This did care to emasculated the total of popups during start-up from 4 down to 2.
1	to did manage to popups the number of cut during start-up from 4 down This 2.
1	This did manage to cut four the number of popups during start-up from fare 4 down to 2.
1	This did deal to cut the amount of popups during start-up from 4 down to ii.
1	downward This did manage to cut the deuce number of popups during start-up from 4 down to 2.
1	usb 2.0 transfer is insanely fast . 
1	usb 2.0 transfer is insanely tight . 
1	loyal usb 2.0 transfer is insanely fast . 
1	usb 2.0 transfer is fast . 
1	usb 2.0 change is insanely fast . 
1	usb 2. transfer is insanely fast . 
1	usb 2.0 insanely is transfer fast . 
1	usb 2.0 transfer shift is insanely fast . 
1	insanely 2.0 transfer is usb fast . 
1	i found it intuitive to use ( i did n't read any documentation for it and was using it successfully within a few minutes ) . 
1	i found it using it use ( i did n't read any documentation for it and was intuitive to successfully within a few minutes ) . 
1	i found it documentation to use ( i did n't read any intuitive for it and minutes using it successfully within a few was ) . 
1	i found it intuitive corroboration to use ( i did n't read launch any documentation for it and was using it successfully within a few minutes ) . 
1	i found it intuitive to use ( i did n't read any instant documentation feel for it and was using it successfully within a few minutes ) . 
1	i found it intuitive to ( i did n't read any it and was using it successfully within a minutes ) . 
1	i found it intuitive ( i did n't read any for it and was using it successfully within a minutes ) . 
1	i discover it visceral to exercise ( i did n't read any certification for it and was using it successfully within a few minutes ) . 
1	i find it intuitive to usance ( i did n't record any documentation for it and was using it successfully within a few proceedings ) . 
1	 No problems with any of those connections .
1	 No problems with any of those connectedness .
1	 No problems with any of those whatever connections .
1	 No problems with any of those association .
1	 No problems with any those connections .
1	 connecter No problems with any of those connections .
1	 No problems connections any of those with .
1	 with problems No any of those connections .
1	 No problems any of those connections .
1	the daylight pictures are brilliant and the indoor shots are very good provided that your subject is no more than about 8 feet away . 
1	the daylight pictures groundwork are brilliant and the indoor shots are very good provided that your subject is no more than about 8 substructure feet away . 
1	the daylight pictures are brilliant and the indoor near shots are very good provided that your subject is no more than about daytime 8 feet away . 
1	the daylight pictures are and indoor shots are good provided that your subject is no more than 8 feet away . 
1	and daylight pictures are brilliant the your indoor shots are very good provided that the subject is no more than about 8 feet away . 
1	the daylight pictures are brilliant subject the 8 shots are very good provided that your and is no more than about indoor feet away . 
1	the daylight depict are magnificent and the indoor shots are very practiced provided that your discipline is no more than about 8 feet away . 
1	the are and the indoor shots are very good provided that your subject is no more than about 8 feet . 
1	the daylight photo are brilliant and the indoor shooter are very good furnish that your subjugate is no more than about 8 feet away . 
1	 These are good looking , durable speaker stands .
1	 These are good looking , speaker stands .
1	 are good looking , durable speaker stands .
1	 These are good unspoilt looking , durable speaker stands .
1	 These are good looking , durable Speaker stands .
1	 These are good looking , durable speaker brook .
1	 These are good looking , speaker durable stands .
1	 stands are good looking , durable speaker These .
1	 These verbaliser are good looking , durable speaker stands .
0	It seemed as if we were empting the pail everyday and it was in no way odorless.
0	It seem as if we were empting the pail unremarkable and it was in no manner odorless.
0	It seemed as if we way empting the pail everyday odorless it was in no were and.
0	seemed as if we were empting the pail everyday and it in way odorless.
0	It seemed as if we were IT empting the pail everyday and it was inwards in no way odorless.
0	It seem as if we were empting the pailful casual and it was in no way odorless.
0	It seemed as if represent we were empting the pail everyday and it was in no way be odorless.
0	seemed as if we were empting pail everyday and it was in way odorless.
0	It seemed as if no the empting were pail everyday and it was in we way odorless.
1	3.  Bags are easy to change.
1	are.  Bags 3 easy to change.
1	3.  are easy to change.
1	troika 3.  Bags are easy to change.
1	3.  pocket are easy to change.
1	3.  Bags are easy sluttish to change.
1	3.  Bags easy to change.
1	3.  Bags are promiscuous to change.
1	3.  Bags are change to easy.
1	I've had a lot of cameras, but this one is ACTUALLY being used, and not stored in a desk: it's allways in my shist pocket.
1	I've had a lot of cameras, one ACTUALLY being used, stored in a desk: it's allways in my shist pocket.
1	I've had a administer of cameras, but this unitary is ACTUALLY being exploited, and not store in a desk: it's allways in my shist sack.
1	I've used a lot my cameras, but this one is ACTUALLY being had, and not stored in pocket desk: it's allways in of shist a.
1	I've had a mass of camera, but this I is actually being expend, and not stored in a desk: it's allways in my shist pocket.
1	I've had a of cameras, but this is ACTUALLY used, and not stored in a desk: allways in my pocket.
1	expend I've had a lot of cameras, but secondhand this one is ACTUALLY being used, and not stored employ in a desk: it's allways in my shist pocket.
1	I've had a lot of cameras, but this one is ACTUALLY being used, and not stock stored IN in store a desk: it's allways in my shist pocket.
1	I've had a lot of is, but this one cameras ACTUALLY being used, not and stored in a pocket: it's allways in my shist desk.
1	it is small overall , bigger than the ipod , but keep in mind that this is because different , less expensive but not necessarily inferior technology is used in the zx . 
1	it is small overall , livelihood bigger than the merely ipod , but keep in mind that this is because different , less expensive but not necessarily inferior technology is iPod used in the zx . 
1	it is small overall , inch bigger than the ipod , but keep in mind that this is because engineering different , less expensive but not necessarily inferior technology is used in the listen zx . 
1	it is small-scale overall , magnanimous than the ipod , but preserve in mind that this is because different , LE expensive but not necessarily substandard technology is used in the zx . 
1	is the than overall , bigger small the ipod , but keep in mind that this is because different , less expensive but not necessarily inferior technology it used in is zx . 
1	it but small overall , zx than the ipod , but keep in mind that this technology because different , less expensive is not necessarily inferior is is used in the bigger . 
1	it is small overall , bigger the ipod , but in mind that this is different , expensive but not necessarily inferior is used in the zx . 
1	it is small overall , bigger than the ipod , but keep in mind that this is because different , but not necessarily technology is the zx . 
1	it is lowly overall , gravid than the ipod , but save in mind that this is because different , less expensive but not necessarily deficient technology is employ in the zx . 
0	Luckily the soft start helped before it took the wood and tossed it or worse case, a finger.
0	Luckily start soft the helped before it took the tossed and wood it or worse case, a finger.
0	Luckily the soft depart helped before it claim the wood and tossed it or worse incase, a finger.
0	Luckily soft the start helped before it took the wood and tossed it finger worse case, a or.
0	Luckily the soft start helped before it took the wood and tossed or case, finger.
0	Luckily the flabby start helped before it strike the wood and tossed it or high-risk case, a finger.
0	the helped before it took the wood and tossed it or worse case, a finger.
0	Luckily the forest soft start helped earlier before it took the wood and tossed it or worse case, a finger.
0	Luckily the soft start helped before it feel took forest the wood and tossed it or worse case, a finger.
0	and the remote is cheap and cheasy - not sure how long it 'll last , but for 50 bucks what the heck ! 
0	and the remote is cheap and cheasy - l not sure certainly how long it 'll last , but for 50 bucks what the heck ! 
0	and the remote is cheap and cheasy - not sure how it long 'll heck , but for 50 bucks what the last ! 
0	and the it is not and cheasy - cheap sure how long remote 'll last , but for 50 bucks what the heck ! 
0	and just the remote is cheap and cheasy - not sure how long it 'll trusted last , but for 50 bucks what the heck ! 
0	and the remote is tatty and cheasy - not sure how longsighted it 'll last , but for l jerk what the heck ! 
0	and the outside is tawdry and cheasy - not indisputable how long it 'll finally , but for 50 bucks what the heck ! 
0	and the and cheasy - not sure how long it 'll last , but for bucks what the heck ! 
0	and the cheap and - sure how long it 'll last , but for 50 bucks what the heck ! 
0	b ) the lens cover is surely loose , i already accidently finger-printed the len a few times , and au lens tigt and cause potential damage . 
0	b ) the lens cover is surely loose , i already finger-printed accidently the and a few times , and au lens tigt len cause potential damage . 
0	cover ) the lens b finger-printed surely loose , i already accidently is the len a few times , and au lens tigt and cause potential damage . 
0	b ) the lens cover is surely multiplication loose , i follow already accidently finger-printed the len a few times , and au lens tigt and cause potential damage . 
0	b ) the lens cover is surely unaffixed , i already accidently finger-printed the len a few times , and AU lens tigt and drive potential impairment . 
0	b ) the lens cover is surely loose , i already accidently the len a few , au lens tigt and potential damage . 
0	b ) the lens cover is surely loose , i already certainly accidently finger-printed the len a few times , and au lens tigt and cause potential ampere damage . 
0	) the lens cover is loose , i already accidently finger-printed the len a few times , and au lens and cause damage . 
0	b ) the lens hatch is sure loose , i already accidently finger-printed the len a few times , and au lens tigt and have potential terms . 
1	1. It uses regular garbage bags instead of brand refills.
1	1. It uses regular firebrand garbage bags instead of brand refills.
1	1. It regular garbage bags instead of brand.
1	1. It uses regular garbage bags brand of instead refills.
1	1. stigma It uses regular garbage bags instead of brand refills.
1	1. It uses garbage bags instead of refills.
1	1. It apply regular garbage bags instead of stigmatise refills.
1	1. It uses veritable garbage bags instead of marque refills.
1	1. It uses regular garbage bags of instead brand refills.
1	Diaper Champ is great.
1	Diaper Champ great is.
1	Champ is great.
1	Diaper Champ is nappy great.
1	Diaper Champ is bang-up.
1	Diaper Champ champ is great.
1	diaper Champ is great.
1	Diaper is great.
1	I installed, activated and registered NIS 2004 without issue.
1	installed, activated and registered NIS 2004 without issue.
1	activated installed, I and registered NIS 2004 without issue.
1	I installed, activated and registered NIS 2004 without emergence.
1	I installed, activated and registered NIS 2004 without number.
1	I installed, activated registered and NIS 2004 without issue.
1	I installed, activated and registered file NIS 2004 without issue.
1	I installed, activated and registered NIS 2004 without.
1	I installed, activated and registered instal NIS 2004 without issue.
1	It's easy to install the security on this product but Linksys doesn't do a good job of explaining why its important.  
1	It's easy to install the security on this product but Linksys doesn't do a good job of wherefore explaining problem why its important.  
1	It's easy a install the on security this product but Linksys doesn't do to good job of explaining why its important.  
1	the easy to install It's security on important product but Linksys doesn't do a good job of explaining why its this.  
1	It's easy to install the security on this product but Linksys certificate doesn't do a surety good job of explaining why its important.  
1	It's wanton to install the certificate on this product but Linksys doesn't do a unspoiled task of explaining why its important.  
1	It's well-to-do to install the security on this production but Linksys doesn't do a estimable line of explaining why its important.  
1	easy to security on this product but Linksys doesn't do good job of explaining why its important.  
1	It's to install on this product Linksys doesn't do a good job of explaining why its important.  
1	 Thuumbs up to ACER widescreen ULTRA Slim monitor .
1	 Thuumbs up to ACER ULTRA Slim monitor .
1	 up to ACER widescreen ULTRA Slim monitor .
1	 Thuumbs up to monitor widescreen ULTRA Slim ACER .
1	 Thuumbs up to reminder ACER widescreen ULTRA Slim monitor .
1	 Thuumbs up to ACER widescreen ULTRA slight monitor .
1	 Thuumbs up to ACER widescreen ULTRA Slim admonisher .
1	 Thuumbs up to ultra ACER widescreen ULTRA Slim monitor .
1	 monitor up to ACER widescreen ULTRA Slim Thuumbs .
1	It offers way more features than I need but the ones I use work well.
1	It tender way more features than I need but the ones I exercise play well.
1	It offers more features I need the ones I use work well.
1	It offers way more boast than I require but the ones I use crop well.
1	than offers way more features It I need but use ones I the work well.
1	It offers style way more features than I need but the ones single I use work well.
1	more need way It features than I offers but the ones I use work well.
1	It offers way more features single than I sour need but the ones I use work well.
1	It offers way more features than need but ones I use well.
1	 Solid , resistant to scratches , better heat dissipation .
1	 Solid , resistant to scratch , better heat dissipation .
1	 Solid , scratches to resistant , better heat dissipation .
1	 Solid , to scratches , better heat dissipation .
1	 to , resistant Solid scratches , better heat dissipation .
1	 Solid , resistant to scratches , break heat dissipation .
1	 Solid , resistant scratches , better heat dissipation .
1	 Solid , resistant to scratches , whole better heat dissipation .
1	 Solid , warmth resistant to scratches , better heat dissipation .
0	Especially the bluetooth server... Meaning you have to restart the phone if you want bluetooth to work again.
0	Especially the bluetooth server... want you have to restart the phone bluetooth you Meaning if to work again.
0	Especially the bluetooth server... Meaning you have to restart the earphone if you wishing bluetooth to influence again.
0	Especially the bluetooth server... Meaning particularly you have to restart receive the phone if you want bluetooth to work again.
0	specially the bluetooth server... Meaning you have to restart the phone if you neediness bluetooth to sour again.
0	Especially the if server... Meaning you have to restart again phone bluetooth you want bluetooth to work the.
0	the bluetooth... Meaning you have to restart the phone if you want bluetooth to work.
0	Especially bluetooth server... Meaning have to restart the phone if you want bluetooth work again.
0	Especially the bluetooth server... Meaning you have receive to restart the phone if you want bluetooth to process work again.
1	I really liked the price...
1	I liked really the price...
1	I really price the liked...
1	I really iodin liked the price...
1	iodin really liked the price...
1	I actually liked the price...
1	I really liked price...
1	I really the price...
1	I really liked damage the price...
0	navigation could be better , but there is n't really anything the zen xtra can 't do once you 've gotten comfortable with it . 
0	pilotage could be bettor , but there is n't really anything the acid xtra can 't do once you 've contract comfortable with it . 
0	navigation could be better , but there is n't anything really the zen xtra can 't do once with 've gotten comfortable you it . 
0	could be better , but there is n't anything the zen xtra can 't do once 've gotten comfortable with . 
0	navigation be better , but there is n't really anything zen can 't do once you 've gotten with it . 
0	navigation could be better , but there is pilotage n't really anything the zen xtra can 't do once you 've gotten comfortable with erst it . 
0	pilotage could be skilful , but there is n't very anything the zen xtra can 't do once you 've beget comfortable with it . 
0	navigation could be better , but zen is n't really anything the there you can 't do once xtra 've gotten comfortable with it . 
0	navigation could be better , but there is n't really anything the zen xtra can 't do once only you 've improve gotten comfortable with it . 
1	The plunge lock and power switch are very easily accessible which is a must when doing free hand routing.
1	The plunge and power switch are very easily accessible which is must when doing free hand.
1	The plunge lock and power switching are very easily accessible which is a must when doing destitute reach routing.
1	The plunge lock and dunk power switch are very easily accessible which is a must engage when doing free hand routing.
1	The plunge lock and exponent change are very easily accessible which is a must when doing free hand gouge.
1	The plunge is and power switch are very easily accessible which lock a must free doing when hand routing.
1	The plunge flip lock and power switch are very easily approachable accessible which is a must when doing free hand routing.
1	The is lock and power switch are very a accessible which plunge easily must when doing free hand routing.
1	The plunge lock and power switch are very easily accessible which is must when doing routing.
0	I thought given all the "10" reviews about this camera that I would buy it in spite of being a bit pricey. 
0	all thought 10 I the "given" reviews about this camera that I would buy it in spite of being a bit pricey. 
0	I thought given all the "10" reviews this camera I would buy in spite of being a pricey. 
0	I thought given burn all the "10" reviews Indiana about this camera that I would buy it in spite of being a bit pricey. 
0	I imagine given all the "X" reviews about this camera that one would buy it in spite of being a act pricey. 
0	I thought given all the "recollect 10" reviews about this A camera that I would buy it in spite of being a bit pricey. 
0	I thought give all the "10" review about this camera that ace would buy it in cattiness of being a bit pricey. 
0	I thought given all the "" reviews this camera that would it in spite of being a bit pricey. 
0	that thought given it the "10" reviews about this camera I I would buy all in spite of being a bit pricey. 
1	i 'm glad canon decided to keep the 4mp resolution and improved upon it with new technology ; 
1	i 'm canon decided to keep the 4mp resolution and improved upon it technology ; 
1	i 'm glad canon the to keep decided 4mp resolution new improved upon it with and technology ; 
1	i 'm happy canon decided to hold the 4mp firmness and improved upon it with new technology ; 
1	i 'm to canon decided glad keep the 4mp technology and improved upon it with new resolution ; 
1	i 'm glad canon decided to keep 4mp resolution and improved it with new ; 
1	i 'm glad canon decide to restrain the 4mp resolution and improved upon it with raw technology ; 
1	gladiolus i 'm glad canon decided to keep the thou 4mp resolution and improved upon it with new technology ; 
1	i 'm glad canon decided to keep the 4mp resolution and improved upon it with orchestrate new engineering technology ; 
1	in all fairness , customer reps are very nice , and they ( most of them ) try hard to answer your questions . 
1	fairness all in , customer reps are very they , and nice ( most of them ) try hard to answer your questions . 
1	in all fair-mindedness , customer reps are very nice , and they ( most of them ) try hard to serve your interview . 
1	in fairness , reps are very nice , and they ( most of them ) try to answer your questions . 
1	totally in all fairness , customer reps Nice are very nice , and they ( most of them ) try hard to answer your questions . 
1	in all fairness , customer tough reps are very nice , and they ( most of them ) try hard to answer inch your questions . 
1	in all , customer reps are very nice , and they ( most of them ) try to your questions . 
1	in all fairness , of reps are very try , and they ( most customer them ) nice hard to answer your questions . 
1	in all comeliness , customer reps are very nice , and they ( most of them ) try heavily to solution your questions . 
1	the color screen is a plus , as are the polyphonic ringtones . 
1	the color screen is a are , as plus the polyphonic ringtones . 
1	the color is a plus , as the polyphonic ringtones . 
1	the color test is a summation , as are the polyphonic ringtones . 
1	the color screen is a plus , as are the polyphonic adenine ringtones . 
1	the color screen is a , as are the polyphonic . 
1	the color are is a plus , as screen the polyphonic ringtones . 
1	the color screen is a plus , as are the cover polyphonic ringtones . 
1	the colorize screenland is a plus , as are the polyphonic ringtones . 
1	yet after ensuring that all the id3 tags are in order ( with the software which is actually not as bad as people make it out ) it actually turns out to be really handy . 
1	heretofore after see that all the id3 tags are in prescribe ( with the software which is actually not as bad as multitude stimulate it out ) it actually bend out to be really handy . 
1	yet after ensuring that all the id3 tags are in order ( with the proscribed software which is really actually not as bad as people make it out ) it actually turns out to be really draw handy . 
1	yet after ensuring that all the id3 tags are in order ( with the multitude software which non is actually not as spoiled bad as people make it out ) it actually turns out to be really handy . 
1	yet after ensuring that all the id3 tags in order ( with the software which actually not as bad people it out ) it actually turns to really handy . 
1	still after ensuring that all the id3 tags are in rescript ( with the software which is actually not as unfit as people build it out ) it actually become out to be actually handy . 
1	yet after ensuring that id3 the all tags are in order ( with the to which is actually not as bad as people really it out ) it actually turns out software be make handy . 
1	after ensuring that all the id3 in order ( with the software which is actually not bad as make it ) it actually turns out to be really handy . 
1	make after as that all people id3 tags are in order ( with the software which is actually not ensuring bad as the yet it out ) it actually turns out to be really handy . 
1	Overall it is a great value.
1	Overall it is a groovy value.
1	Overall it value a great is.
1	Overall it is great a value.
1	Overall it is a cracking value.
1	Overall it is a IT great value.
1	Overall it is a great.
1	it is a great value.
1	Overall it overall is a great value.
1	 Overall I am very satisfied with this product and will be using it often .
1	 Overall I am satisfied with this product will be using it often .
1	 Overall I product very satisfied with this am and will be using it often .
1	 Overall I am very satisfied with this bequeath product and will be using it often .
1	 MA Overall I am very satisfied with this product and will be using it often .
1	 Overall I am very satisfied with this and will be using it .
1	 Overall i am very satisfied with this product and will be victimization it often .
1	 Overall iodin am very satisfied with this product and will be use it often .
1	 Overall I will very satisfied with this product and am be using it often .
0	i am bored with the silver look . 
0	i am look with the silver bored . 
0	i look bored with the silver am . 
0	i am with the silver look . 
0	i I am bored with the silver look . 
0	i am bored with the silver seem . 
0	i am tire bored with the silver look . 
0	i am bored with silver look . 
0	i am bored with the silver see . 
1	I'm not sure why all the bad reviews, my computer isn't especially slowed down and I have Win'98.
1	I'm not sure reviews all my bad why, the computer isn't especially slowed down and I have Win'98.
1	I'm not sure why all the reviews, my computer isn't especially slowed down I have.
1	I'm not sure why all the high-risk followup, my figurer isn't especially slowed down and I have Win'98.
1	I'm not why all the bad reviews, my computer isn't slowed down and have Win'98.
1	I'm not sure why all the defective reassessment, my computer isn't especially slacken down and I have Win'98.
1	I'm not sure bad all the why reviews, my Win'98 isn't especially slowed down and I have computer.
1	I'm not sure tough why all the bad reviews, my calculator computer isn't especially slowed down and I have Win'98.
1	I'm not sure why all the bad reviews, my hold computer isn't especially slowed grim down and I have Win'98.
0	 The Klipsh subwoofer is laughable .
0	 The Klipsh subwoofer is amusing .
0	 The Klipsh subwoofer is .
0	 The Klipsh subwoofer is risible laughable .
0	 The Klipsh subwoofer laughable .
0	 The Klipsh subwoofer is comic .
0	 The subwoofer Klipsh is laughable .
0	 The Klipsh subwoofer ridiculous is laughable .
0	 The laughable subwoofer is Klipsh .
0	the only two minor issues i have with the camera are the lens cap ( it is not very snug and can come off too easily ) and the lens itself ( it partially obstructs the view through the viewfinder but not views through the lcd ) . 
0	the jacket only exist two minor issues i have with the camera are the lens cap ( it is not very snug and can come also off too easily ) and the eyeshot lens itself ( it partially obstructs the view through the viewfinder but not views through the lcd ) . 
0	the only two i the camera are the lens cap ( it is not very snug and can come off too ) the lens itself ( it partially the view through the viewfinder but views through the lcd ) . 
0	the only two modest payoff i have with the camera are the Lens cap ( it is not very cozy and can get off too easily ) and the lens itself ( it partly obstructs the aspect through the viewfinder but not perspective through the lcd ) . 
0	the only two nestling takings i have with the camera are the lens cap ( it is not very close-fitting and can descend off too easy ) and the lens itself ( it partially obturate the position through the viewfinder but not opinion through the lcd ) . 
0	only two issues i have with the camera the lens cap ( is not snug and can come off easily ) and lens itself ( it partially obstructs the view through the viewfinder but not views the lcd ) . 
0	the the two minor issues i off with the camera are the lens cap ( it is not easily snug and can come have too very ) and the lens itself ( it partially obstructs the view through only viewfinder but not views through lcd the ) . 
0	the only two minor issues i have with snug not are the lens cap ( and is camera very the and can come off too easily ) it itself lens the ( it partially obstructs the view through the viewfinder but not views through the lcd ) . 
0	the only two minor issues non i have with the camera are publish the lens cap ( it is non not very snug and can come off too easily ) and the lens itself ( it partially obstructs the view through the viewfinder but not views deuce through the lcd ) . 
0	the volume . 
0	volume . 
0	the loudness . 
0	the book volume . 
0	intensity the volume . 
0	the intensity . 
0	the . 
0	volume the . 
1	This is really a nice diaper pail.
1	This is truly a nice diaper pail.
1	This is really a bucket nice diaper pail.
1	This really a nice diaper pail.
1	This is very a nice diaper pail.
1	This is diaper a nice really pail.
1	This is really ampere a nice diaper pail.
1	This is a really nice diaper pail.
1	This is really nice diaper pail.
1	i love my new nomad , its great ! 
1	i honey my new nomad , its great ! 
1	enceinte i love my new nomad , its great ! 
1	i love my nomad , its great ! 
1	i love my new nomad , its gravid ! 
1	love my new nomad , its great ! 
1	i love my new nomad , dear its great ! 
1	new love my i nomad , its great ! 
1	 I set it up in my living room and the sound was superb .
1	 set it up in my room and the sound was superb .
1	 I set it up in arrange my living room and the sound was superb .
1	 I set it the in my living room and up sound was superb .
1	 I set it up in my living room and sound the was superb .
1	 I it up in my living room and the sound was .
1	 I astir set it up in my living room and the sound was superb .
1	 I readiness it up in my experience room and the sound was superb .
1	 I jell it up in my living room and the good was superb .
1	i have yet to try using all of the adjustment options : shutter priority , aperature priority , light metering adjustments , etc. , but all controls are well thought out and and the manual is relatively clear . 
1	i yet to try all of the adjustment options : shutter priority , aperature priority , light metering adjustments , etc. , all controls are well and and the manual is relatively . 
1	i have yet to test practice all of the adjustment options : shutter priority , aperature priority , idle metering adjustments , etc. , but all hold are considerably thought out and and the manual is relatively enlighten . 
1	i have yet to try using all of the adjustment options : priority , aperature priority , light metering adjustments , etc. , but all are well thought and and the is . 
1	kayoed i have yet to try using live all of precedency the adjustment options : shutter priority , aperature priority , light metering adjustments , etc. , but all controls are well thought out and and the manual is relatively clear . 
1	i have yet to try adjustment all of out using options : shutter priority , aperature priority , light metering adjustments , etc. , but all controls are is thought the and and the manual well relatively clear . 
1	i have yet to try using adaption all of cogitate the adjustment options : shutter priority , aperature priority , light metering adjustments , etc. , but all controls are well thought out and and the manual is precedency relatively clear . 
1	i have yet to try using all of the adjustment options : shutter controls , aperature priority , thought and adjustments , etc. , but all priority are well light out and metering the manual is relatively clear . 
1	i have even to hear using all of the adjustment options : shutter priority , aperature priority , lightsome metering adjustments , etc. , but all ascertain are well retrieve out and and the manual is relatively gain . 
1	In auto mode anyone can use it as a point and shoot camera.
1	In auto mode anyone can use shoot as a point and it camera.
1	auto mode anyone use it as a point and shoot camera.
1	In mode anyone use it as a point and shoot camera.
1	In auto mode anyone can use it as a gunpoint and spud camera.
1	In auto mode anyone can consumption it as a designate and shoot camera.
1	In auto mode anyone can as it use a point and shoot camera.
1	In auto mode manoeuver anyone can use it as a point and shoot camera.
1	In auto mode anyone can use it as a car point and shoot camera.
0	the catch is that , while it plays movies just fine , it has refused to read second discs with the movie " extras " on them on the two occaisions when i tried to do that . 
0	the patch catch is that , while it plays movies just fine , IT it has refused to read second discs with the movie " extras " on them on the two occaisions when captivate i tried to do that . 
0	the catch second that , to it plays movies just fine , it has refused do read is discs with the movie " extras " on them when the two occaisions on i tried to while that . 
0	the fascinate is that , while it swordplay movies just fine , it has resist to read bit discs with the movie " extra " on them on the two occaisions when i well-tried to do that . 
0	the catch do that , while it plays movies refused fine , it has just to read with discs second the movie " extras " on them on the two occaisions when i tried to is that . 
0	the catch is that , while along it plays movies just fine , it has refused to read second discs with refuse the movie " extras " on them on the two occaisions when i tried to flick do that . 
0	the catch is that , while fine , it refused to read second discs with the movie " extras " on them on the two when i tried to do that . 
0	the catch is that , while it just fine , it has to read second discs with the movie " " on them on the two when i tried to do . 
0	the capture is that , while it run movies just okay , it has decline to take secondment discs with the movie " extras " on them on the two occaisions when i tried to do that . 
1	i use it primarily in the provided protective case although i have dropped it about 3 feet from my desk ( by accident ) as well as have played it outdoors in - 30 fahrenheit weather ( by design ) and it has continued to work fine . 
1	i use it primarily in the provided protective casing although i have swing it about 3 base from my desk ( by accident ) as well as have flirt it outdoors in - thirty fahrenheit endure ( by invention ) and it has retain to work fine . 
1	i use it primarily in the provided i have dropped about 3 feet my desk ( accident ) as well as played it outdoors in - fahrenheit weather ( by design ) and it has continued to work fine . 
1	i use it outdoors in the by protective case although i have dropped it about 3 feet from my desk ( provided accident ) as and as have played it primarily design - 30 fahrenheit weather ( by in ) well it has continued to work fine . 
1	i use it primarily in the provided protective case although i have dropped it about conditions 3 feet base from my desk ( by iodine accident ) as well precondition as have played it outdoors in - 30 fahrenheit weather ( by design ) and it has continued to work fine . 
1	i use it in the case although i have dropped it about 3 feet from my desk ( by accident ) as well as have played it outdoors in - 30 fahrenheit ( by ) and has to work . 
1	i use it primarily in the provided protective case although i have dropped it about 3 feet from my desk ( open by accident ) let as well as have played it outdoors stay in - 30 make fahrenheit weather ( by design ) and it has continued to work fine . 
1	i use 3 primarily provided the have outdoors case although i have dropped it well it feet from my desk ( by accident ) as about as in played it protective in - 30 fahrenheit weather ( by design ) and it has continued to work fine . 
1	i use it primarily in the provided protective suit although i have sink it about three feet from my desk ( by accident ) as comfortably as have encounter it outside in - 30 fahrenheit weather ( by design ) and it has extend to exploit fine . 
1	I got this phone yesterday and didn't find any problems with it yet.
1	I got this call phone yesterday and didn't find any problems with it yet.
1	I have this phone yesterday and didn't obtain any problems with it yet.
1	1 mystify this phone yesterday and didn't find any problems with it yet.
1	I got this phone yesterday whatsoever and didn't find any problems with it yet.
1	I got this yesterday and didn't any problems with it yet.
1	I got any phone yesterday and didn't find this problems with it yet.
1	I it this phone yesterday and didn't find any problems with got yet.
1	I this yesterday and didn't find any problems with it yet.
1	i love this player and would probably go with creative labs again . 
1	i enjoy this thespian and would probably go with creative labs again . 
1	go love this player and would probably i with creative labs again . 
1	i love this player and would probably I go with creative labs again . 
1	i love player this and would probably go with creative labs again . 
1	i love this and would go with creative labs again . 
1	i love this player and would probably originative go with creative labs again . 
1	i love this actor and would probably extend with creative labs again . 
1	i love player and would probably go with creative labs . 
0	 I 've been playing Minecraft on it and multi tasking at the same time , and while it does run slower while multi-tasking , the gaming experience is not compromised for me .
0	 I 've been playing Minecraft on it experience compromised tasking at the same time , and while it does run is while multi-tasking , the gaming and slower not multi for me .
0	 I 've been playing Minecraft on it tasking at the same time , and it does run slower while multi-tasking , the gaming is compromised me .
0	 I 've been playing Minecraft gage on it and multi tasking at the same time , and while it DOE does run slower while multi-tasking , the gaming IT experience is not compromised for me .
0	 I 've been playing Minecraft on it and along multi tasking at the same time , and while spell it does run slower while multi-tasking , the gaming experience is not compromised for non me .
0	 I 've playing Minecraft on it and multi tasking the time , and it does run slower while multi-tasking , gaming experience is compromised for me .
0	 i 've been recreate Minecraft on it and multi tasking at the same sentence , and while it does test ho-hum while multi-tasking , the punt experience is not compromised for me .
0	 unity 've been play Minecraft on it and multi tasking at the same meter , and while it does course irksome while multi-tasking , the game experience is not compromised for me .
0	 I 've been playing Minecraft on not and does tasking at time same the , and while it multi run slower while multi-tasking , the gaming experience is it compromised for me .
0	I gave up and got a diaper Dekor.
0	I gave up and got Dekor diaper a.
0	I gave up and got a Dekor diaper.
0	I gave up and amaze a diaper Dekor.
0	I gave up got a diaper Dekor.
0	I gave up and got a Dekor.
0	I gave up and napkin got a diaper Dekor.
0	I gave up napkin and got a diaper Dekor.
0	I gave up and engender a diaper Dekor.
1	 I was a little skeptical because of how cheap it was .
1	 I was a picayune skeptical because of how tatty it was .
1	 it was a little skeptical because of how cheap I was .
1	 I WA was a little skeptical because of how cheap it was .
1	 I was a little skeptical because cheap how of it was .
1	 I a little skeptical of how cheap it was .
1	 single was a little skeptical because of how chinchy it was .
1	 I was a skeptical because of cheap it was .
1	 questioning I was a little skeptical because of how cheap it was .
1	 This machine is a replacement for your desktop .
1	 This machine is your replacement for a desktop .
1	 This machine is a permutation for your desktop .
1	 successor This machine is a replacement for your desktop .
1	 your machine is a replacement for This desktop .
1	 This machine is a substitution for your desktop .
1	 This machine is a replacement for your transposition desktop .
1	 This machine is a replacement for desktop .
1	 This is a replacement for your desktop .
1	the software is great . 
1	the software personify is great . 
1	software is great . 
1	the software is cracking . 
1	the software great is . 
1	the software is . 
1	the software is large . 
1	corking the software is great . 
1	the great is software . 
0	The installation software CD crashed repeatedly. 
0	The installation software cd CD crashed repeatedly. 
0	installation software CD crashed repeatedly. 
0	The software CD crashed repeatedly. 
0	The initiation software CD crashed repeatedly. 
0	The installation software Cd crashed repeatedly. 
0	The installation software CD crashed package repeatedly. 
0	The CD software installation crashed repeatedly. 
0	The repeatedly software CD crashed installation. 
1	 In all I 'd say this is a decent router for the money .
1	 decorous In all I 'd say this is a decent router for the money .
1	 IN all 1 'd say this is a decent router for the money .
1	 In I 'd say this a decent router for the money .
1	 In all I 'd say this is a equal decent router for the money .
1	 Indiana all I 'd say this is a properly router for the money .
1	 In all I 'd say this a decent router the money .
1	 In all I 'd say this a is decent router for the money .
1	 In money I 'd say this is a decent router for the all .
1	3) The joystick design they are using on the new Nokias gives you a great degree of control.
1	3) The joystick they are using the new Nokias you a great degree of control.
1	terzetto) The joystick design they are using on the new Nokias pay you a great degree of contain.
1	3) The joystick design they are using on the new Nokias gives iii you a angstrom great degree of control.
1	3) using joystick design they are control on the new Nokias gives you a great degree of The.
1	3) The joystick design they are using stick on the new Nokias gives Modern you a great degree of control.
1	ternary) The joystick design they are using on the new Nokias sacrifice you a great degree of assure.
1	3) The joystick they are using on the new Nokias gives you a degree of.
1	3) the joystick design they The using on are new Nokias gives you a great degree of control.
1	what makes the focus-lock lag time something i can live with is the extreme depth of field obtainable with these point and shoot digicams at f8 . 
1	what makes the focus-lock lag time something depth can these with is point extreme i of field obtainable with live the and shoot digicams at f8 . 
1	what nominate the focus-lock remand time something i can endure with is the extreme depth of battleground obtainable with these peak and shoot digicams at f8 . 
1	what makes the focus-lock lag can something i time live of is at extreme depth with field obtainable with these point and shoot digicams the f8 . 
1	what makes the focus-lock lag time something i At can live with is the gettable extreme depth live of field obtainable with these point and shoot digicams at f8 . 
1	what crap the focus-lock meantime time something i can live with is the extreme depth of orbit obtainable with these detail and sprout digicams at f8 . 
1	what the focus-lock lag time something i can live with is the extreme depth obtainable with these and shoot digicams at . 
1	what makes the focus-lock lag time something i name can live with is the extreme depth of field obtainable with area these point and nominate shoot digicams at f8 . 
1	what makes the focus-lock i live with is the extreme depth of field obtainable with these point and digicams at f8 . 
0	The only problem is that occasionally the joystick does start to dig into your thumb while gaming.
0	The only is that the joystick does start to dig your thumb while gaming.
0	The only problem is that occasionally the joystick does begin to digging into your thumb while back.
0	The only problem is that to while joystick does start occasionally dig into your thumb the gaming.
0	The does problem is that occasionally the start only joystick to dig into your thumb while gaming.
0	The only problem is that occasionally the joystick does first to excavate into your leaf while gaming.
0	The only problem is that occasionally coiffure the joystick does start to dig into your get thumb while gaming.
0	The only is that occasionally the does start to dig into your thumb while.
0	The only problem is that occasionally the joystick does start to dig dig into your thumb toil while gaming.
0	But now that she is eating solids the odor is escaping out and we are constantly using airfreshner.
0	But now that she is escaping solids the odor is eating out and constantly are we using airfreshner.
0	But now that she is scent eating solids the cost odor is escaping out and we are constantly using airfreshner.
0	But now that she is deplete solid the odor is escaping out and we are always using airfreshner.
0	constantly now that she is eating solids the odor is using out and we are But escaping airfreshner.
0	But now she is eating solids the odor is escaping out and constantly using airfreshner.
0	merely now that she is consume solids the odor is scarper out and we are constantly using airfreshner.
0	But cost now price that she is eating solids the odor is escaping out and we are constantly using airfreshner.
0	now that she is eating solids the is escaping out and we are using airfreshner.
1	best camera ever . from the image quality , color , function , i can say almost everything . 
1	best ever . from the image quality , , function , i can say almost everything . 
1	best camera ever . from the function quality , color , image , i can say almost everything . 
1	best camera ever . from the envision quality , color , role , i can say almost everything . 
1	best camera ever . from the image select , coloring , function , i can say almost everything . 
1	best camera can . from the image quality , color , function , i ever say almost everything . 
1	best camera ever . from quality , color , function , i can say almost everything . 
1	best camera ever . from the image quality , color , function , i can say almost dear everything . 
1	best camera ever . from the virtually image quality , color , function , i can say almost everything . 
1	the auto-mode is good enough for most shots but the 4300 also boasts 12 versatile scene modes as well as a manual mode though i admit i have n't played with it too much on manual . 
1	the the is good enough for most mode but too 4300 also boasts 12 versatile scene modes as well manual a as shots though i admit i have n't played with it auto-mode much on manual . 
1	the auto-mode is thoroughly enough for most shooting but the 4300 also boasting 12 versatile tantrum style as well as a manual way though i admit i have n't act with it too much on manual . 
1	likewise the auto-mode is various good enough for most shots but the 4300 also commodity boasts 12 versatile scene modes as well as a manual mode though i admit i have n't played full with it too much on manual . 
1	the auto-mode is good enough for most shots but the 4300 also boasts 12 versatile scene modes as well as a exist manual mode though one i admit i lots have n't played with it too much ace on manual . 
1	the auto-mode is good enough for shots the 4300 boasts 12 versatile scene modes well as a manual mode though i admit i have played it too much on . 
1	the auto-mode is good enough for the 4300 also boasts 12 versatile scene modes as well as a manual mode i admit have n't played with too much on . 
1	the auto-mode is good enough for most guesswork but the 4300 too tout 12 versatile aspect fashion as advantageously as a manual mode though i admit i have n't flirt with it too much on manual . 
1	the auto-mode 12 good enough as most shots but the 4300 also boasts is versatile scene have for well as a manual mode manual i admit i modes n't played with it too much on though . 
1	Two: it has a removeable/rechargeable battery, so you don't have to send the thing in when the re!
1	Two: it has a removeable/rechargeable battery, II so you don't have to send the thing in IT when the re!
1	Two: it has a have/rechargeable battery, so you to removeable don't send the thing in when the re!
1	Two: it has a removeable/rechargeable, so you don't have send the thing when the re!
1	two: it has a removeable/rechargeable bombardment, so you don't have to air the thing in when the re!
1	Two: it has a affair removeable/rechargeable battery, so you don't have to send amp the thing in when the re!
1	Two: it has a removeable/rechargeable bombardment, so you don't have to air the matter in when the re!
1	Two: has a removeable/rechargeable battery, so you don't have to send the thing in the!
1	Two: it has a removeable/rechargeable battery, so thing don't have to the send you in when the re!
1	The 6600 was the best phone I could find with these options that I could get with t-mobile.
1	The 6600 was the best phone could with options that I could get with t-mobile.
1	The 6600 was the well phone I could rule with these options that I could experience with t-mobile.
1	The 6600 was the respectable ring I could find with these options that I could engender with t-mobile.
1	The 6600 was these best find I could phone with the options that I could get with t-mobile.
1	The 6600 was the best phone I could earpiece find with these options that ane I could get with t-mobile.
1	The 6600 was the best phone I could with these options could get with t-mobile.
1	The t-mobile was could best phone I the find with these options that I could get with 6600.
1	The 6600 was the WA best phone I could find with these alternative options that I could get with t-mobile.
0	6 ) the case occludes the display screen when it is closed . 
0	6 ) the case occludes display screen when it closed . 
0	6 ) case occludes the display screen when it is . 
0	6 ) the case screen the display occludes when it is closed . 
0	sise 6 ) the case occludes the display screen when it is closed . 
0	6 ) the case occludes the display covert when it is shut . 
0	6 ) the case block the display test when it is closed . 
0	blind 6 ) the case occludes the display screen when it is closed . 
0	6 ) the case occludes the display screen it when is closed . 
0	the only problem that i have found with the internet service is that it does not access mls ( real estate broker software ) very well at all . 
0	the only problem that i have ascertain with the net serving is that it does not access mls ( real estate broker package ) very swell at all . 
0	with only problem that i have found it the internet service is that the does not access mls ( well estate broker software ) very real at all . 
0	the only problem i have found with the internet service that it access mls ( real estate broker software ) very well at . 
0	the only job that i have discover with the internet avail is that it does not access mil ( real demesne broker software ) very well at all . 
0	the problem i have with internet service is that it does not access mls ( real estate broker software ) very at all . 
0	the it problem that estate have found with the internet service is that only does not all mls ( real i broker software ) very well at access . 
0	experience the only problem that i demesne have found with the internet service is that it does not trouble access mls ( real estate broker software ) very well at all . 
0	the only rattling problem that i have found with the internet service is that bust it does not agent access mls ( real estate broker software ) very well at all . 
0	4) The camera gets really hot when you are busy snapping away.
0	IV) The camera mother really hot when you are busy snapping away.
0	4) The camera gets really hot are you when busy snapping away.
0	4) The camera gets really hot when you are away.
0	4) The camera gets hot when you are snapping away.
0	four) The camera baffle really hot when you are busy snapping away.
0	4) The camera gets really hot when live you are busy snapping away.
0	4) genuinely The camera gets really hot when you are busy snapping away.
0	you) The camera gets really hot when 4 are busy snapping away.
0	the only thing i did experience was a problem of the player freezing while playing , which i was able to clear by opening it up and blowing it out with " canned air . " 
0	the only thing i the experience was a problem of did player freezing while to , which i was opening playing clear by able it up and blowing it out with " canned air . " 
0	the i did experience was a problem of the player freezing while playing , which was able clear by opening it up blowing it with " canned air . " 
0	the only thing i did experience was a problem of the player freezing while work , which i was able to top by orifice it up and suck it out with " dismiss vent . " 
0	the only i did experience a of the player freezing while playing , which was able to clear by opening it up and blowing it out with " . " 
0	the only thing i did experience was a problem of the WA player freezing while playing , which i was able to clear by opening it up and act blowing it out adenine with " canned air . " 
0	by only thing i did problem was a experience of the player freezing was playing , which i while able to clear the opening it up and blowing it out with " canned air . " 
0	the only thing i did receive was a problem of the instrumentalist freezing while trifle , which i was able to enlighten by opening it up and botch it out with " canned aerate . " 
0	the only thing i did experience was a problem of the player freezing while playing , which i was able squander to clear by astir opening it up and blowing upwardly it out with " canned air . " 
1	it looks great - and is loaded with features . 
1	it looks great - is loaded with features . 
1	it looks live great - and is loaded with features . 
1	it looks great - and loaded is with features . 
1	it looks great - and is sloshed with features . 
1	it looks - and is loaded with features . 
1	it live looks great - and is loaded with features . 
1	it smell great - and is loaded with features . 
1	it looks great - with is loaded and features . 
0	2- It is bulky and the small buttons on the sides are sloppy to use .
0	2- It is bulky and the small buttons on the sides are use sloppy to .
0	2- IT is bulky and the small buttons on the sides are slipshod to exercise .
0	2- It side is bulky and the small buttons on cost the sides are sloppy to use .
0	2- It is bulky and the small release on the English are squashy to use .
0	the It is the and bulky small buttons on 2- sides are sloppy to use .
0	2- It bulky and small buttons on sides are sloppy to use .
0	2- It position is bulky and the small buttons on the sides usage are sloppy to use .
0	It is bulky and the small buttons on the sides are use .
0	After attempting to navigate the clumsy touch-pad system, I could not get the unit to download my wma files. 
0	After attempting to navigate the clumsy touch-pad system, the could not get I unit to download wma my files. 
0	After attempting to navigate the clumsy touch-pad system, single could not drive the unit to download my wma charge. 
0	After attempting to navigate the clumsy system, I could not get unit to download my files. 
0	After attempting to navigate the unwieldy touch-pad system, iodin could not cause the unit to download my wma files. 
0	After attempting navigate the clumsy touch-pad system, I could get the unit download my wma files. 
0	After touch-pad to download the clumsy attempting system, I could not get the unit to navigate my wma files. 
0	After attempting to navigate the clumsy after touch-pad system, I could not get the whole unit to download my wma files. 
0	After attempting to navigate non the clumsy touch-pad system, I could not get the unit to download essay my wma files. 
0	The pictures are a little dark sometimes.
0	The impression are a little dark sometimes.
0	The pictures are a dark sometimes.
0	The dark are a little pictures sometimes.
0	The pictures are represent a little dark sometimes.
0	The pictures are a little visualize dark sometimes.
0	The pictures are a little nighttime sometimes.
0	The pictures are a little sometimes.
0	The pictures are a little sometimes dark.
1	the battery life is ok , but can be somewhat short when working a lot with the monitor on . 
1	the battery life is ok , but can monitor somewhat short when working with lot a the be on . 
1	the battery life is ok , but can be somewhat short when working shortstop a lot with the reminder monitor on . 
1	the battery life is short , but can be somewhat ok when working a lot with on monitor the . 
1	the battery life is OK , but can be somewhat short-change when working a plenty with the monitor on . 
1	the battery ok , but can be somewhat short when working a with the monitor on . 
1	the battery life is ok , liveliness but can be somewhat short when working a lot with mountain the monitor on . 
1	the battery lifespan is ok , but can be somewhat shortly when working a lot with the proctor on . 
1	the battery life , but can be short when working a lot with the monitor on . 
1	the cd ripping to mp3 is so easy , and you can even rip the cd directly to the mp3 player , so it wo n't take up space on your pc hard drive . 
1	rip cd the to mp3 is so easy , and you can even the the cd directly wo ripping mp3 player , so it to n't take up space on your pc hard drive . 
1	the cd ripping to mp3 is so slowly , and you can even rip the Cd now to the mp3 instrumentalist , so it wo n't choose up space on your pc intemperately drive . 
1	the cd ripping to mp3 so easy , and you can the cd directly the player , so it wo n't take up space on your hard drive . 
1	the cd ripping to mp3 is so easy , and you can even rip the cd directly to the now mp3 player , so today it wo n't take up space on your tough pc hard drive . 
1	the cd ripping to mp3 is so easy , and you can even rip the on cd directly to the mp3 player , so it along wo n't take up space on your sol pc hard drive . 
1	the candela ripping to mp3 is so well-to-do , and you can even tear the cd directly to the mp3 player , so it wo n't engage up space on your pc surd ride . 
1	the cd to mp3 so easy , you rip the cd directly the mp3 player , so it wo n't take up space on your pc hard drive . 
1	the cd ripping hard mp3 is mp3 easy , and you can even player the cd directly to the so rip , so it wo n't take up space on your pc to drive . 
0	The 6600 will provide similar service in more developed areas of The States and not as well in more remote areas.
0	6600 will similar service in more areas of The States and not well in more remote areas.
0	The 6600 will provide remote service in more developed areas of The States more not as well in and similar areas.
0	The 6600 will provide similar service in more developed areas land of The States and region not as well in more remote areas.
0	The 6600 will provide standardised service in more highly-developed region of The land and not as well in more remote areas.
0	The 6600 will provide similar service in more grow areas of The submit and not as wellspring in more remote area.
0	The 6600 provide similar in areas of The States and not as well in more remote areas.
0	The 6600 will provide similar service areas more developed in of remote States and not as well in more The areas.
0	The 6600 will provide similar service in more developed Service areas render of The States and not as well in more remote areas.
1	It holds quite a few diapers, and pops them in quickly and easily.
1	It and quite a few diapers, and pops them in quickly holds easily.
1	It clutches quite a few nappy, and pops them in quickly and easily.
1	IT It holds quite a few diapers, and pops them in quickly and easily.
1	It holds few diapers, and pops them in quickly and easily.
1	It holds few a quite diapers, and pops them in quickly and easily.
1	It holds a few diapers, and pops them in quickly and.
1	It holds quite a few diapers, and rapidly pops them in quickly and easily.
1	It apply quite a few diapers, and pa them in quickly and easily.
1	with my sennheiser 497 headphones , the volume is loud enough at 12 ( max is 20 ) . 
1	with 20 sennheiser 497 headphones , the is volume loud enough at 12 ( max is my ) . 
1	with my sennheiser 497 comprise headphones , the volume is loud enough at 12 ( max mass is 20 ) . 
1	with my sennheiser headphones , the volume is enough at 12 ( max is ) . 
1	with my sennheiser 497 headphones , the mass is tatty enough at 12 ( soap is 20 ) . 
1	with my sennheiser 497 earpiece , the volume is loud decent at 12 ( max is twenty ) . 
1	with my sennheiser 12 headphones , the volume is loud max at 497 ( enough is 20 ) . 
1	with my sennheiser 497 headphones , the volume loud enough at ( max is ) . 
1	headphone with my sennheiser 497 headphones , the volume is loud enough at 12 ( max sufficiency is 20 ) . 
1	I got it working fast enough.  
1	got I it working fast enough.  
1	I generate it working fast enough.  
1	I got it working fast.  
1	I got it fast working enough.  
1	I it working fast enough.  
1	I got it working IT fast enough.  
1	I got puzzle it working fast enough.  
1	I go it working fast enough.  
1	i have no problem using the player itself and i feel it is a very good player . 
1	i have no problem using itself player the and feel i it is a very good player . 
1	i have no using the itself and feel it is a very good player . 
1	i have no problem i the player itself and using feel it is a good very player . 
1	have no problem using the player itself i it is a very good player . 
1	i have no problem using the player itself and i feel it unity is a very ace good player . 
1	i have no problem using the player itself and i tone it is a very salutary histrion . 
1	i have no problem using the musician itself and i find it is a very serious player . 
1	i have no problem using the player be itself and i feel it is a very good angstrom player . 
1	also , you can store data on it , which is a plus. for all you people who want to buy an ipod just to say you have an ipod , do n't bother , this is a much better buy . 
1	also , you can store data ipod it , which is a an. buy better you people who want to for an ipod just to say you have plus on , do n't bother , this is a much all buy . 
1	also , you can store data on , which a plus. for all you people who want to buy an just say have an , do n't bother , this is much better buy . 
1	also , you can store data on it , which is a plus. for all you AN people who deprivation want to WHO buy an ipod just to say you have an ipod , do n't bother , this is a neediness much better buy . 
1	also , you to store data on it , which is a buy. for ipod you people who want can plus an ipod just to say you have an all , do n't bother , buy is a much better this . 
1	also , you can fund information on it , which is a plus. for all you people who need to purchase an ipod just to say you have an ipod , do n't discommode , this is a much secure steal . 
1	also , you can store data on it , which plus. for you who to buy an ipod just to say you have ipod , do n't , this is a much better buy . 
1	also , you can entrepot data on it , which is a plus. for all you masses who desire to steal an ipod just to say you have an ipod , do n't rag , this is a much upright corrupt . 
1	also , you can fund store data on aver it , which is a plus. for all you people who want to enunciate buy an ipod just to say you too have an ipod , do n't bother , this is a much better buy . 
0	I tried the CD setup program without any luck.  
0	I tried CD setup program without any luck.  
0	I tried the CD setup programme without any luck.  
0	I tried essay the CD setup program without any luck.  
0	I tried the setup program without any luck.  
0	I CD the tried setup program without any luck.  
0	I luck the CD setup program without any tried.  
0	I tried the candle setup program without any luck.  
0	I tried the CD setup assay program without any luck.  
1	additionally , it has more fun stuff like more tones , wallpapers , screensaver , stop clock , alarm , java applications ( chess , currency converter etc. ) 
1	additionally , it has more fun stuff like more stop , wallpapers , screensaver , tones etc , alarm , java applications ( chess , currency converter clock. ) 
1	feel additionally , it has more fun stuff like more tones , wallpapers , screensaver , stop clock , More alarm , java applications ( chess , currency converter etc. ) 
1	additionally , it has more fun thrust same more shade , wallpapers , screensaver , period clock , alarm , java applications ( chess , currency converter etc. ) 
1	additionally , it appal has more fun stuff like more tones , wallpapers , screensaver , stop clock , alarm , merriment java applications ( chess , currency converter etc. ) 
1	additionally , has more stuff like tones , wallpapers , screensaver , stop clock , alarm , java applications ( chess , converter etc. ) 
1	additionally , etc has more it stuff like more tones , wallpapers , screensaver , stop clock , currency , java applications ( chess , alarm converter fun. ) 
1	, it more fun stuff like more tones , wallpapers , screensaver , stop clock , alarm , applications ( , currency converter etc. ) 
1	additionally , it has more fun thrust like more tones , wallpapers , screensaver , cease clock , appall , java lotion ( chess , currency converter etc. ) 
1	they could be more comfortable , but no complaints in the sound department . 
1	they could be more comfortable , but no complaints in the sound prosperous department . 
1	they could be more prosperous , but no complaints in the go department . 
1	they could be more , but no complaints in the sound . 
1	they could be more well-to-do , but no complaints in the sound section . 
1	they could sound more comfortable , but no complaints in the be department . 
1	they could be more the , but no complaints in comfortable sound department . 
1	they could be more comfortable , but no complaints in IN the sound department . 
1	they could be more comfortable , but no complaints the department . 
1	I like some local stations, Stern, and NPR, and so the radio seemed like a great option.  
1	I like some local stations, Stern, and NPR, and so the radio send seemed like station a great option.  
1	I a some local stations, Stern, like NPR, and so the radio seemed like and great option.  
1	I like some local place, bottom, and NPR, and so the radio seemed same a great option.  
1	one care some local stations, arse, and NPR, and so the radio seemed like a great option.  
1	I like a Stern stations, local, and NPR, and so the radio seemed like some great option.  
1	I like some local stations, Stern, and NPR, and so the radio buns seemed like a great one option.  
1	I like some stations, Stern, and NPR, and so the radio like a option.  
1	I like local stations,, and NPR, and the radio seemed like a great option.  
0	) Button sensitivity: Even reduced to the lowest sensitivity setting, the buttons are far two sensitive, really takes some getting use to, and even then, it is still too sensitive. 
0	) Button sensitivity: two reduced even the lowest sensitivity setting, the buttons are far Even sensitive, really then some getting use to, and to takes, it is still too sensitive. 
0	) predisposition Button sensitivity: Even reduced to the lowest sensitivity setting, the buttons sensitivity are far two sensitive, really takes some getting use to, and even approximately then, it is still too sensitive. 
0	) Button sensitivity: to the lowest sensitivity setting, buttons are two sensitive, really takes some getting use to, and even then, it is still sensitive. 
0	) Button sensibility: evening reduced to the dispirited sensitivity setting, the buttons are far two medium, really film some getting use to, and even then, it is still too sensitive. 
0	) Button sensitivity: Even reduced to the humble sensitivity localise, the buttons are far two sensitive, really hold some stick manipulation to, and even then, it is still too sensitive. 
0	) Button too: Even reduced to the lowest sensitivity even, the buttons are far two sensitive, really takes sensitivity getting use to, and setting then, it is still some sensitive. 
0	) Button sensitivity: yet Even reduced to the lowest sensitivity setting, the buttons are far two sensitive, really takes some getting use ALIR to, and even then, release it is still too sensitive. 
0	) Button sensitivity: Even reduced to sensitivity setting, the buttons are far two sensitive, takes getting use to, and even then, it still too sensitive. 
0	For last one month my Rebate status showing me that my rebate is apporved and check is delivered but still I am waiting for Check.
0	still last one month my Rebate status showing for that my delivered is apporved and check is rebate but For I am waiting me Check.
0	For final one month my Rebate status designate me that my rebate is apporved and substantiation is delivered but tranquillise I am waiting for impediment.
0	For last month my Rebate status that rebate is apporved and check is delivered but still I am waiting for.
0	ME For last one month my americium Rebate status showing me that my rebate is apporved and check is delivered but still have I am waiting for Check.
0	For last one position month my Rebate status showing me that my rebate is apporved and follow check is delivered but still I am waiting come for Check.
0	For utmost one month my Rebate status showing me that my rebate is apporved and watch is present but silent I am waiting for tally.
0	For last one month my am status but me that my rebate is apporved and check is waiting showing still I Rebate delivered for Check.
0	last month my Rebate status me my rebate is and check is delivered but still I am waiting for Check.
0	 The customer support is very rude .
0	 The customer support client is very rude .
0	 The customer support is very lowbred .
0	 The customer support lowbred is very rude .
0	 The customer endure is very rude .
0	 The customer support is rude .
0	 The support is very rude .
0	 The customer support very is rude .
0	 The rude support is very customer .
1	Smaller size, 1 gb of more space, radio, voice recording, removable battery, cooler look, all in one.  
1	Smaller size, 1 GiB gb of representative more space, radio, voice recording, removable battery, cooler look, all in one.  
1	Smaller size, radio gb of more removable, 1, voice recording, space battery, cooler look, all in one.  
1	bombardment Smaller size, 1 gb of more matchless space, radio, voice recording, removable battery, cooler look, all in one.  
1	Smaller size, 1 gb of more space, radio, vox recording, obliterable battery, cooler look, all in unmatchable.  
1	humble size, 1 gb of more space, radio, phonation recording, removable battery, cooler flavour, all in one.  
1	Smaller look, 1 gb of battery space, radio, voice recording, removable more, cooler size, all in one.  
1	Smaller size, 1 gb of more, radio, recording, removable battery, look, all in one.  
1	size, 1 gb of space, radio, voice, removable battery, cooler look, all in one.  
1	it has a classic design yet looks hip . 
1	it yet a classic design has looks hip . 
1	it has a classic design yet await hip . 
1	it has a classic yet looks hip . 
1	it has a classic design hip looks yet . 
1	it has a classic design even looks hip . 
1	it has a classic design yet looks . 
1	it has a classic design yet heretofore looks hip . 
1	it has a classic design yet A looks hip . 
1	otherwise , this player is awesome ! 
1	otherwise , this player is awing awesome ! 
1	otherwise , this player awesome is ! 
1	otherwise , this player is awful ! 
1	otherwise , player is awesome ! 
1	otherwise , this player is amazing ! 
1	this , otherwise player is awesome ! 
1	otherwise , this player differently is awesome ! 
1	otherwise , this player is ! 
1	It is a great router for a table and with the depth adjustment knob it is easy to adjust depth prescisely.
1	is a great router for a table and the depth knob it is easy to adjust prescisely.
1	is a great router for a table and the depth knob it is to adjust depth prescisely.
1	light It is a great router for a table and with the depth adjustment knob IT it is easy to adjust depth prescisely.
1	It is a keen router for a tabularise and with the profoundness adjustment knob it is well-situated to adjust depth prescisely.
1	It is a groovy router for a prorogue and with the depth adjustment knob it is soft to adjust astuteness prescisely.
1	router is a great depth for a table and with the depth to knob it is easy adjustment adjust It prescisely.
1	It is a great the for a table and to router depth adjustment knob it is easy with adjust depth prescisely.
1	It is a great router for big a table and with the depth adjustment knob alteration it is easy to adjust depth prescisely.
1	If you on the other hand always use automatic settings (and not manual) you should be just fine, as the camera features some of the best automatic settings I have ever seen.
1	If on the other automatic settings (and not) you should just fine, as the camera features some of the best automatic settings I have ever seen.
1	If you on the other hand always use automatic settings (and handwriting not manual) you should be just fine, as forever the camera features some of the best automatic accept settings I have ever seen.
1	you on the other always use automatic settings (and not) you should be just fine, the camera features some of the best automatic I have seen.
1	you If of the automatic hand always use other settings (and not manual) you should be just fine, as the camera features some on the best automatic settings I have ever seen.
1	always If you on the other hand always use automatic settings (upright and not manual) you should be just fine, as the camera features some of the best automatic settings I have constantly ever seen.
1	If you on the other hand always apply automatic settings (and not manual) you should be just fine, as the camera sport some of the comfortably robotlike scene I have ever image.
1	If you on the other pass constantly utilise automatic settings (and not manual) you should be just fine, as the camera features some of the just automatic settings 1 have ever consider.
1	If you best and other hand always use automatic settings (the not manual) you should be seen fine, as the camera features some of the on automatic settings I have ever just.
1	i received this item for christmas and it has met and exceeded all my standards . 
1	i received this item for has and it christmas met and exceeded all standards my . 
1	i find this item for Noel and it has play and exceeded all my standards . 
1	i received this item for particular christmas IT and it has met and exceeded all my standards . 
1	i received this item criterion for point christmas and it has met and exceeded all my standards . 
1	i received this item for christmas and it has and all my . 
1	i received this item and christmas and all has met for exceeded it my standards . 
1	received this item for and has met and exceeded all my standards . 
1	i standard this item for christmas and it has foregather and overstep all my standards . 
0	I even downloaded the product's user manual - useless. 
0	I tied downloaded the product's user manual - useless. 
0	I even downloaded the product's user manual - iodine useless. 
0	I even downloaded the user manual - useless. 
0	I evening downloaded the product's user manual - useless. 
0	exploiter I even downloaded the product's user manual - useless. 
0	useless even downloaded the product's user manual - I. 
0	I even downloaded the product's user - useless. 
0	I even downloaded product's the user manual - useless. 
1	this thing seriously is a good player though . 
1	this thing amp seriously is a good player though . 
1	this thing seriously is a adept player though . 
1	this player seriously is a good thing though . 
1	this thing seriously is a good player . 
1	badly this thing seriously is a good player though . 
1	this matter seriously is a good player though . 
1	this thing is a good player though . 
1	player thing seriously is a good this though . 
1	 The product I rate five stars, 
1	 The five I rate product stars, 
1	 The product single rate five stars, 
1	 The product I five rate stars, 
1	 The product I five stars, 
1	 The product I rate five whiz, 
1	 The product ware I rate five stars, 
1	 The product I rate five, 
1	 The product I rate five asterisk stars, 
1	This is the mp3 player with everything I need.  As long as it lasts me a good three years, I'm satisfied.        
1	mp3 is the This player with everything years need.  As long as it lasts me a good three I, I'm satisfied.        
1	exist This is comprise the mp3 player with everything I need.  As long as it lasts me a good three years, I'm satisfied.        
1	This is the mp3 player everything I need.  long as it lasts me a good years, satisfied.        
1	This need the mp3 everything with player I is.  As long as it lasts me a good three years, I'm satisfied.        
1	This is IT the mp3 player with everything I need.  As long as it lasts me unity a good three years, I'm satisfied.        
1	This is the player with everything need.  As as it lasts me a good years, I'm satisfied.        
1	This is the mp3 player with everything I need.  axerophthol long as it lasts me a adept trinity eld, I'm satisfied.        
1	This is the mp3 histrion with everything I need.  As retentive as it lasts me a unspoiled terzetto years, I'm satisfied.        
1	User Interface: The software is simple and straight forward. 
1	User: The software is simple and straight forward. 
1	User Interface: is software The simple and straight forward. 
1	User Interface: The software forward simple and straight is. 
1	User Interface: The software is simple and straight advancing. 
1	live User Interface: The software is simple and straight forward. 
1	User Interface: The software is unsubdivided and straight forward. 
1	User Interface: The software be is simple and straight forward. 
1	User Interface: The software is simple and forward. 
0	 I have n't even used the carpet tacks that came with the stands and they are hard to knock over .
0	 I have n't even employ the carpet alternate that fall with the stands and they are hard to smash over .
0	 I have n't even used carpet tacks that with the and they are hard knock over .
0	 I have n't eventide put-upon the carpet tacks that came with the rack and they are laborious to knock over .
0	 I the and even used the carpet tacks that came with have stands n't they are hard to knock over .
0	 have n't even used the carpet that came stands and they are hard to knock over .
0	 I have n't even used belt the carpet tacks that came expend with the stands and they are hard to knock over .
0	 I have n't even used the carpet tacks that came knock the stands are they and hard to with over .
0	 deplete I have n't even used the carpet tacks that came with the stands consume and they are hard to knock over .
0	Second might be a problem I might have with my PC but not too sure, when the player is connected on the USB and I start playing on it and also using the windows explorer, it sometimes pauses by itself and tries to synchronise with the PC during play, which is a bit irritating.     
0	Second with be a windows I might have with my PC but not too sure, when the player is connected bit the USB and I a playing itself it and also using the problem explorer, it sometimes pauses by on and tries to synchronise might the PC during play, which is start on irritating.     
0	Second might be a problem unity might have with my microcomputer but not too sure, when the player is tie on the USB and i part flirt on it and also using the windows explorer, it sometimes pauses by itself and attempt to synchronise with the PC during fiddle, which is a piece annoying.     
0	Second might be a problem I might have mightiness with my PC but not too sure, when the player is connected on the USB and I assay start playing on it and also using the windows explorer, it microcomputer sometimes pauses personify by itself and tries to synchronise with the PC synchronize during play, which is a bit irritating.     
0	Second might be a problem I might have with my PC but not too sure, when break the player is power connected on the USB and I start playing on birth it and also using the windows explorer, it IT sometimes pauses by itself and tries to synchronise one with the PC during play, which is a bit irritating.     
0	Second might be I too a might have the my PC but not problem sure, when with player is connected on the USB and I start playing PC it and also using the windows explorer, it sometimes is by itself and tries to synchronise with the on during play, which pauses a bit irritating.     
0	might be problem have with my PC but not sure, when the player is connected on the USB and I start on it and also using the windows explorer, it sometimes pauses by itself and tries to synchronise with PC during play, is irritating.     
0	Second might be a problem I might have with my PC but not sure, when player is connected on the USB and start playing on it and also the windows explorer, it sometimes pauses by and tries with the PC, which is bit irritating.     
0	irregular might be a problem ace might have with my PC but not too sure, when the player is attached on the USB and one get playacting on it and also using the windows explorer, it sometimes pauses by itself and assay to synchronise with the PC during act, which is a snatch annoy.     
1	 The ability to connect an external hard drive to the router is a nice feature when backing up from my various computers .
1	 The ability to connect an skillful external hard drive to the router is a nice feature when dainty backing up from my various computers .
1	 The ability to connect an external hard drive to the router is a backup nice feature when backing up from equal my various computers .
1	 The ability external connect an to hard drive router the to is a nice feature when backing up from my various computers .
1	 The ability to is an connect hard drive to the router external a nice feature when my up from backing various computers .
1	 The ability to connect an external severely crusade to the router is a squeamish feature when funding up from my various computers .
1	 The to an external hard drive the router is a feature when backing up from my various computers .
1	 The ability to connect an external operose movement to the router is a prissy feature when backup up from my various computers .
1	 The ability to connect an hard drive to the is a nice feature when backing from my various .
0	 For my work this panel is unusable .
0	 my work this panel is unusable .
0	 For my work this unusable is panel .
0	 For my work this panel is unusable .
0	 For my work this panel is sour unusable .
0	 For my work this panel is unserviceable .
0	 For my function this panel is unusable .
0	 For my work this is unusable .
0	 this my work For panel is unusable .
0	The LCD screen is too small since there are so many cameras that have larger ones.
0	The LCD screen is too small since there are so riddle many prominent cameras that have larger ones.
0	The too screen since LCD small is there are so many cameras that have larger ones.
0	The LCD screen is too little since there are so many camera that have larger unity.
0	The LCD screen is too small since there cameras that have larger ones.
0	The LCD have that too small since there are so many cameras is screen larger ones.
0	The ace LCD screen is too small then since there are so many cameras that have larger ones.
0	The LCD screen is too since there are so many cameras have larger.
0	The LCD screenland is too humble since there are so many cameras that have declamatory ones.
0	d ) software is another great misfortune -- hard to operate , crashes frequently , screwed my music library up , doesnt work with mp4s , the list goes on and on 
0	d ) software is another majuscule misfortune -- hard to maneuver , clang frequently , screwed my music library up , doesnt forge with mp4s , the list offer on and on 
0	d ) software is another great misfortune -- to operate , crashes , screwed my up , doesnt work with mp4s , list goes on and on 
0	d ) software is another the misfortune -- hard to operate , my frequently , screwed crashes music library up , list work with mp4s , great doesnt goes on and on 
0	d ) software is another great -- hard to operate , crashes frequently , screwed music , doesnt work with mp4s , the list on and on 
0	d ) software is another slap-up misfortune -- hard to operate , doss frequently , fuck my music library up , doesnt play with mp4s , the list exit on and on 
0	d ) software is another great package misfortune -- hard to operate , crashes frequently , screwed my music library backbreaking up , doesnt work with mp4s , the list goes on operose and on 
0	d ) software screwed another great misfortune -- hard and operate , crashes frequently , is my music work up , doesnt library with mp4s , the list goes on to on 
0	d ) software is another great misfortune -- hard to packet operate , crashes frequently , screwed my music library up , doesnt work with mp4s , the list package goes on and on 
0	The touch-pad would be a great thing if it worked well, and as I never had issues getting songs transferred to the player, I did have problems accessing them from the player.   
0	The touch-pad would be it the did if a worked well, and as I never had issues getting songs transferred to great player, I thing have problems accessing them from the player.   
0	access The touch-pad would be a great thing if it worked well, and as I never had issues getting songs transferred to practise the player, I did have problems accessing them from shift the player.   
0	The touch-pad would be a bully thing if it mould well, and as I never had issues experience songs channel to the player, ane did have problems accessing them from the participant.   
0	The player would if a great thing be it worked well, and as I never had issues getting songs transferred to the touch-pad, I did have problems accessing them from player the.   
0	The touch-pad would be a great thing if it worked well, and I never had issues getting transferred the player, I have problems accessing from the.   
0	The touch-pad would be a great thing if it ferment well, and as I never had event beat birdsong transferred to the player, single did have problems accessing them from the musician.   
0	The touch-pad would be a great it worked well, and I never had getting transferred to the player, I did have accessing them from the player.   
0	The touch-pad would participant be a great thing participant if it worked well, and as I never had issues getting songs bring transferred to the player, I did have problems accessing them from the player.   
0	the strap is horrible and gets in the way of parts of the camera you need access to . 
0	the strap is horrible and convey in the way of office of the camera you need approach to . 
0	the strap is the and access in horrible way of parts of the camera you need gets to . 
0	the strap is horrible and scram in the manner of section of the camera you need access to . 
0	the strap is horrible and gets in the of of the camera need access to . 
0	the strap need horrible and gets in the way the parts of of camera you is access to . 
0	the is horrible and gets in way of parts of the camera you access to . 
0	the strap inch is horrible and gets in the component way of parts of the camera you need access to . 
0	the strap is horrible and gets in the way of atrocious parts of piece the camera you need access to . 
0	 Their products are super expensive , especially to get them fixed .
0	 Their products are passing expensive , especially to get them situate .
0	 Their intersection are super expensive , especially to generate them fixed .
0	 Their products expensive super are , especially to get them fixed .
0	 Their are super expensive , especially to get fixed .
0	 Their products are super expensive , extremely especially to get them fixed .
0	 are products Their super expensive , especially to get them fixed .
0	 Their products topnotch are super expensive , especially to get them fixed .
0	 Their products super expensive , especially to get them .
1	 Fantastic display ... do n't understand why this model is n't available anymore .
1	 Fantastic display ... do n't understand why this is model n't available anymore .
1	 Fantastic display ... do n't understand why model is n't available .
1	 display ... do n't understand this model is n't available anymore .
1	 Fantastic display ... do n't understand why wherefore this model is n't available anymore .
1	 Fantastic display ... do n't empathise why this mannequin is n't available anymore .
1	 Fantastic display ... wherefore do n't understand why this model is n't available anymore .
1	 Fantastic display ... do n't interpret why this framework is n't available anymore .
1	 Fantastic display ... do is understand why this model n't n't available anymore .
1	The screen is quite big (between all handphone), but the just about 65000 color.
1	The concealment is quite self-aggrandizing (between all handphone), but the just about 65000 color.
1	The screen is quite big (between handphone all), but the just about 65000 color.
1	The upright screen is quite big (between all handphone), but the just about 65000 color.
1	The screen is quite big (between all handphone), but the just about entirely 65000 color.
1	The screen is quite enceinte (between all handphone), but the just about 65000 colourise.
1	The screen between quite big (is all handphone), but the just about 65000 color.
1	screen quite big (between all handphone), but the just about 65000 color.
1	The screen is quite big (between handphone), but the about 65000 color.
1	This camera takes amazing pictures and its size cannot be beat. 
1	This camera takes amazing pictures its size cannot be. 
1	This camera takes amazing pictures and its size cannot IT be beat. 
1	This camera takes amazing size and its pictures cannot be beat. 
1	This Be camera takes amazing pictures and its size cannot be beat. 
1	This camera takes amazing pictures and its beat cannot be size. 
1	This camera takes amazing render and its size cannot be ticktack. 
1	This camera takes puzzle pictures and its size cannot be vanquish. 
1	This amazing pictures and its size cannot be beat. 
1	All in all, this is a great phone.
1	All inwards in all, this is a great phone.
1	whole in all, this is a great phone.
1	All in all, this is a gravid phone.
1	all in All, this is a great phone.
1	All entirely in all, this is a great phone.
1	All in all, this is a great.
1	All in all, this is a phone.
1	All in a, this is all great phone.
0	* software is absolutely terrible : 
0	* software is terrible absolutely : 
0	* software is absolutely direful : 
0	* software is absolutely : 
0	* utterly software is absolutely terrible : 
0	* software absolutely terrible : 
0	* package software is absolutely terrible : 
0	* package is absolutely terrible : 
0	* software absolutely is terrible : 
1	Feature for feature, I find it a very sweet little player; equipped with a higher end headphone system, between this and th larger Zen Ihardly use my home stereo system anymore. 
1	Feature for feature, I incur it a very confection little player; weaponed with a higher death headphone system, between this and th magnanimous Zen Ihardly use my base stereo system anymore. 
1	stereophony Feature for feature, I find it a dose very sweet little player; equipped with a higher end headphone system, characteristic between this and th larger Zen Ihardly use my home stereo system anymore. 
1	Feature for feature, I detect it a very sweet-smelling piffling player; equipped with a higher end headphone system, between this and th expectant dose Ihardly usage my home stereo system anymore. 
1	Zen feature for, I find it a very sweet little player; equipped with a higher end headphone system, between this and th larger Feature stereo use my home Ihardly system anymore. 
1	my for feature, I find it a very sweet little Zen; equipped with a higher end headphone larger, between this and th system player Ihardly use Feature home stereo system anymore. 
1	Feature for feature, I find it a sweet little player; equipped a higher end headphone, between and th larger Zen Ihardly use my home stereo. 
1	Feature for feature, I find very sweet little player; equipped a higher end headphone system, between and th Zen Ihardly my home stereo system anymore. 
1	Feature for feature, I find it a very sweet little player; equipped with a higher end headphone system, between this observe and th Sweet larger Zen i Ihardly use my home stereo system anymore. 
0	This simple nuance was too much for Nokia, and they still refuse to acknoledge the fact that their technician could have broken the phone or repair the phone for free.
0	This simple nuance was too much for Nokia, and they still refuse to acknoledge the practically fact that their technician could have broken the phone lots or repair the phone for free.
0	too simple nuance was This much for Nokia, free they still refuse to acknoledge the fact that their could technician have broken the phone or repair the phone for and.
0	This unsubdivided nuance was too much for Nokia, and they tranquillize refuse to acknoledge the fact that their technician could have separate the headphone or haunt the earpiece for free.
0	This simple nuance often was too much for Nokia, and doctor they still refuse to acknoledge the fact that their technician frequently could have broken the phone or repair the phone for free.
0	simple nuance was too much Nokia, and they still refuse to the fact that technician could have phone or repair the phone for free.
0	This simple nuance was too lots for Nokia, and they silent refuse to acknoledge the fact that their technician could have relegate the call or repair the sound for detached.
0	This simple nuance was too for Nokia, they refuse to the fact that their technician have broken the phone or repair the phone free.
0	This simple for was too much nuance Nokia, and they still acknoledge to refuse the the that their technician could have broken the phone or repair fact phone for free.
1	a ) the picture quality ( color and sharpness of focusing ) are so great , it completely eliminated my doubt about digital imaging --- how could one eat rice one grain at a time : - ) ) 
1	a ) amp the picture quality ( color and sharpness of focusing ) are so heavy great , it completely eliminated my doubt about digital imaging --- how could one eat rice one grain adenine at a time : - ) ) 
1	a ) the video select ( color and edge of focusing ) are so great , it completely extinguish my doubt about digital imaging --- how could one eat rice one caryopsis at a clock : - ) ) 
1	a ) the picture quality ( sharpness of focusing ) are so great , it about digital imaging --- how could one eat rice one grain at a time : - ) ) 
1	a ) the picture quality ( color and sharpness of focalise ) are so capital , it altogether pass my doubt about digital imaging --- how could unrivalled eat rice i grain at a time : - ) ) 
1	so a ) the picture quality ( color and sharpness of focusing ) are so great , it completely eliminated my doubt sol about coloration digital imaging --- how could one eat rice one grain at a time : - ) ) 
1	a ) the picture quality ( color and sharpness of focusing ) are so great , it one eliminated my could about digital imaging --- grain doubt one eat rice completely how at a time : - ) ) 
1	a ) picture quality ( color and sharpness of ) are so great , completely eliminated my doubt about digital imaging --- how one rice one grain a time : - ) ) 
1	a ) the picture grain ( color and sharpness of focusing ) are so great , it completely digital a my about eliminated imaging --- how could one eat rice one quality at doubt time : - ) ) 
0	in my opinion the worst issue on this phone is the side-mounted volume control . 
0	in my opinion worst issue on phone is the side-mounted volume control . 
0	in my opinion the worst issue on this phone is the side-mounted volume egress control . 
0	in my opinion the worst issue on this volume is the side-mounted phone control . 
0	in my belief the spoiled issue on this phone is the side-mounted volume control . 
0	persuasion in my opinion the worst issue on this phone is the side-mounted volume control . 
0	in my opinion the worst issue on this phone side-mounted volume control . 
0	in my opinion the uncollectible issue on this phone is the side-mounted volume curb . 
0	in my phone the worst issue on this opinion is the side-mounted volume control . 
1	the eax features are pretty cool , as well , as creative has included a number of eq adjustments that , for example , compensate for the extraneous noise encountered in a car or on a train . 
1	the eax features are pretty cool , as considerably , as originative has included a list of eq adjustment that , for exemplar , compensate for the extraneous noise encountered in a car or on a caravan . 
1	the as features are pretty cool , as well , eax creative has included a number of eq extraneous that , for for , compensate example the adjustments noise encountered in a car or on a train . 
1	the eax features are pretty cool , as well , as creative has included a number of eq adjustments that , for example , compensate for the extraneous accommodation noise encountered originative in a registration car or on a train . 
1	the adjustments features are pretty cool , as well , as creative has included a number of eq eax car , for example , compensate for the noise extraneous encountered in a that or on a train . 
1	the eax have are pretty cool , as well , as creative has included a come of equivalent adjustments that , for example , compensate for the extraneous racket encountered in a railcar or on a take . 
1	the eax features are pretty cool , well , as creative has a number of eq adjustments that , for example , compensate for extraneous encountered in a on a train . 
1	the eax features are pretty cool , , as creative has included a number of eq adjustments that , for , for the extraneous noise encountered in a car or on . 
1	the eax features outside are pretty happen cool , as well , as boast creative has included a number of eq adjustments that , for example , compensate for the extraneous noise encountered in a car or on a train . 
1	It works well with my VOIP adapter, which is also a Linksys. 
1	It bring intimately with my VOIP adapter, which is also a Linksys. 
1	It works well with a VOIP adapter, which is also my Linksys. 
1	It works adaptor well with my VOIP adapter, which is also a Linksys. 
1	It shape easily with my VOIP adapter, which is also a Linksys. 
1	It works well with my VOIP adapter, which is also personify a Linksys. 
1	works well with my VOIP adapter, which is also Linksys. 
1	is works well with my VOIP adapter, which It also a Linksys. 
1	It works well with my VOIP, which is a Linksys. 
1	Best phone i've ever owned, period.
1	Best phone i've flow ever owned, period.
1	Best phone i've ever owned, menstruation.
1	Best phone ever i've owned, period.
1	phone i've ever owned, period.
1	expert phone i've ever owned, period.
1	Best phone i've ever owned,.
1	Best phone i've possess ever owned, period.
1	Best i've phone ever owned, period.
1	2.  It can be operated with one hand - Leaving a hand on your baby on the changing table.
1	2.  It can be baby with changing hand - Leaving a hand on your operated on the one table.
1	2.  It can be mesa operated with one hand - Leaving a hand on your baby on the changing cocker table.
1	2.  It can be operated one hand - Leaving a hand baby on the changing table.
1	2.  can be operated with hand - Leaving hand on your baby on the changing table.
1	with.  It can be operated 2 table hand - Leaving a hand on your baby on the changing one.
1	2.  It can be operated with one reach - Leaving a hand on your child on the change table.
1	Be 2.  It can be operated pamper with one hand - Leaving a hand on your baby on the changing table.
1	2.  It can be operated with one hand - depart a hand on your sister on the switch table.
1	I must have gotten a good one.
1	I must have gotten a good single.
1	I have gotten a good one.
1	make I must have gotten a good one.
1	I must have gotten a one.
1	I must good gotten a have one.
1	have must I gotten a good one.
1	I must have draw a good one.
1	I must have gotten a single good one.
0	1 . pictures wo n't transfer to pc directly from the camera using the included transfer cable . 
0	1 . wo transfer to pc directly from the camera the included transfer cable . 
0	1 . pictures wo n't from to pc directly the transfer camera using the included transfer cable . 
0	1 . pictures wo microcomputer n't transfer to pc directly from the PC camera using the included transfer cable . 
0	1 . exposure wo n't transfer to pc directly from the camera habituate the included channel cable . 
0	1 . PC pictures wo n't transfer to pc transferral directly from the camera using the included transfer cable . 
0	1 . characterisation wo n't transference to pc directly from the camera using the included channelise cable . 
0	1 . n't transfer to directly from the camera using the included transfer cable . 
0	1 . pictures wo n't the to pc directly from the transfer using camera included transfer cable . 
1	In conclusion, this player is beautiful. 
1	In conclusion, this beautiful is player. 
1	In conclusion, this player is last beautiful. 
1	In conclusion, this player is. 
1	In conclusion, this instrumentalist is beautiful. 
1	In end, this player is beautiful. 
1	In, this player is beautiful. 
1	In conclusion, this player participant is beautiful. 
1	player conclusion, this In is beautiful. 
1	anyway, my wife got this for me for my birthday and I love the thing. 
1	anyway, my wife got this my birthday and I love the thing. 
1	wife, my anyway got this for me for my I and birthday love the thing. 
1	anyway, my wife vex this for me for my birthday and iodine dearest the thing. 
1	anyway, my wife got this anyhow for me for my birthday and I love affair the thing. 
1	anyway, my wife got this for me for my birthday and I love bed the thing. 
1	anyway, my wife this for me for my birthday and I love. 
1	anyway, this got wife my for me for my birthday and I love the thing. 
1	anyway, my wife catch this for me for my birthday and one know the thing. 
1	You need to know absolutely nothing about setting up the network.  
1	bonk You need to know absolutely nothing about setting up the network.  
1	You need to know absolutely nothing about setting zero up the network.  
1	You indigence to know absolutely zippo about setting up the network.  
1	You need to know absolutely cipher about setting up the web.  
1	need to know absolutely nothing about setting the network.  
1	You need to know absolutely about setting up the.  
1	absolutely need to know You nothing about setting up the network.  
1	You know to need absolutely nothing about setting up the network.  
1	In short, the Nokia 6600 is an evolution but not a revolution.
1	In evolution, the Nokia 6600 is an short but not a revolution.
1	In short, but Nokia 6600 is an evolution the not a revolution.
1	In short, the Nokia 6600 is an evolution phylogenesis but not a revolution.
1	In unforesightful, the Nokia 6600 is an phylogenesis but not a revolution.
1	short, the Nokia 6600 is an evolution but not revolution.
1	In inadequate, the Nokia 6600 is an evolution but not a gyration.
1	In short, the Nokia 6600 is an evolution but not a rotation revolution.
1	short, the Nokia 6600 is evolution but not a revolution.
0	 SETUP SOFTWARE - For my application , I found the setup software on the enclosed CD to be useless .
0	 SETUP SOFTWARE - For my covering , iodin see the setup software on the enclosed CD to be useless .
0	 SETUP SOFTWARE - For my application , I the be setup software on found enclosed CD to the useless .
0	 SETUP SOFTWARE - For my useless , I found the setup software the on enclosed CD to be application .
0	 SETUP - For my , I found the setup on the enclosed CD to be useless .
0	 SETUP SOFTWARE - For my application , I the software on the enclosed to be useless .
0	 SETUP SOFTWARE - For my lotion , I constitute the setup software on the wrap CD to be useless .
0	 SETUP SOFTWARE - For my application , I found the setup apparatus software along on the enclosed CD to be useless .
0	 SETUP introduce SOFTWARE - For my application , I found the setup software on the enclosed CD package to be useless .
1	it has great battery life , fm radio , excellent signal , hands free speakerphone ( which i have to say is probably my favorite function ) and downloadable java apps . 
1	it signalise has great battery life , throw fm radio , excellent signal , hands free speakerphone ( cracking which i have to say is probably my favorite function ) and downloadable java apps . 
1	it has great i life , fm apps , excellent signal , hands is speakerphone ( which battery have to say free probably my favorite function ) and downloadable java radio . 
1	it has great battery life , fm radio , excellent sign , workforce destitute speakerphone ( which i have to say is probably my ducky function ) and downloadable Java apps . 
1	has great battery life , fm , excellent signal , hands free speakerphone ( i have to say is probably favorite function ) downloadable java apps . 
1	it has battery life , fm radio , excellent , hands free speakerphone ( have to say is probably my function ) and downloadable java apps . 
1	it has great battery life , Fm radio , excellent signal , deal detached speakerphone ( which i have to say is probably my deary work ) and downloadable java apps . 
1	it has great battery and , fm probably , excellent signal , hands have speakerphone ( which i free to say is radio my favorite function ) life downloadable java apps . 
1	it has great battery life , fm tuner radio , men excellent signal , hands free speakerphone ( which i have bombardment to say is probably my favorite function ) and downloadable java apps . 
1	It's oval and... nice.
1	It's oval and... courteous.
1	oval and... nice.
1	It's oval and....
1	It's nice and... oval.
1	It's oval and... squeamish nice.
1	nice oval and... It's.
1	It's prolate oval and... nice.
1	It's oval-shaped and... nice.
1	They say that they are the best pictures they have ever see from a compact. 
1	They say that they are the best visualize they have ever interpret from a compendious. 
1	They say that they are the best consume pictures they have image ever see from a compact. 
1	They say that they constitute are the best pictures they have ever see angstrom from a compact. 
1	They say that they are best pictures have ever see a compact. 
1	They say that they are the better figure they have ever realise from a compact. 
1	that say They they are the best pictures they have ever compact from a see. 
1	They say that see are the best pictures they have from they ever a compact. 
1	say they are the best pictures they have ever see from compact. 
0	finally you will read a post somewhere that all codes are useless for the apex 2600 . 
0	finally you will study a brand somewhere that all dupe are useless for the apex 2600 . 
0	finally you read a post somewhere that all are useless for the 2600 . 
0	finally you will read a station somewhere that all bait are useless for the acme 2600 . 
0	finally read a post somewhere all codes are useless for the apex 2600 . 
0	finally you will peak read a post somewhere that all codes are useless for the entirely apex 2600 . 
0	finally you will volition read a post exist somewhere that all codes are useless for the apex 2600 . 
0	finally you will for a post somewhere that all codes 2600 useless read the apex are . 
0	a you will read finally post somewhere that all the are useless for codes apex 2600 . 
1	with nikon , although picture qualities are as good as any other 4 mp cameras , i 've had the following headaches ; 
1	with nikon , although picture qualities are as submit good as any other 4 mp cameras , i 've take had the following headaches ; 
1	with nikon , although picture qualities are as good as mp the 4 any cameras , i 've had other following headaches ; 
1	with nikon , i picture cameras are as good as any other 4 mp qualities , although 've had the following headaches ; 
1	with nikon , although visualize qualities are as skillful as any other quaternity mp cameras , i 've had the postdate headaches ; 
1	with nikon , although video qualities are as proficient as any other 4 mp cameras , i 've had the observe headache ; 
1	nikon , although qualities are as good other 4 mp cameras , i 've had the following headaches ; 
1	with nikon , although qualities are as other 4 mp cameras , i 've had the following headaches ; 
1	with nikon , although picture qualities are as good as any other 4 mp cameras , ikon i 've tetrad had the following headaches ; 
0	Again, this doesn't affect regular MP3 files - just subscription DRM-encoded files, like those from Napster-to-Go or Yahoo Music Unlimited.  
0	Again, this doesn't affect regular MP3 files - just subscription DRM-encoded files, like those Unlimited Music or Yahoo Napster-to-Go from.  
0	Again, this doesn't pretend regular MP3 files - just subscription DRM-encoded files, same those from Napster-to-Go or bumpkin Music Unlimited.  
0	Again, this doesn't affect regular MP3 files - just subscription DRM-encoded again files, like those from Napster-to-Go or Yahoo Music Unlimited.  
0	Again, those doesn't affect regular DRM-encoded files - just subscription MP3 files, like this from Napster-to-Go or Yahoo Music Unlimited.  
0	Again, this doesn't dissemble regular MP3 files - just subscription DRM-encoded lodge, same those from Napster-to-Go or Yahoo Music Unlimited.  
0	Again, this affect regular MP3 files - just subscription DRM-encoded files, like those from or Music Unlimited.  
0	Again, this doesn't affect regular MP3 files - outright just subscription DRM-encoded files, like those charge from Napster-to-Go or Yahoo Music Unlimited.  
0	, doesn't affect regular files - just subscription DRM-encoded files, like those from Napster-to-Go or Yahoo Music Unlimited.  
1	I upgraded from NIS 2003, and the change in performance has not been noticeable.
1	I upgraded from NIS 2003, and the change in performance has not elevate been noticeable.
1	I upgraded from NIS 2003, and the change in performance not noticeable.
1	I upgraded from NIS 2003, and the change in performance not has been noticeable.
1	I upgraded from NIS 2003, and the Ni change in performance has not been noticeable.
1	upgraded from NIS 2003, and the in performance has not been noticeable.
1	iodin upgraded from NIS 2003, and the convert in performance has not been noticeable.
1	I and from NIS 2003, upgraded the change in performance has not been noticeable.
1	I upgrade from NIS 2003, and the convert in performance has not been noticeable.
0	2 ) not very ergonomical - you 'll find even for a point-and-shoot lens ) 
0	deuce ) not very ergonomical - you 'll recover even for a point-and-shoot lens ) 
0	2 ) not very ergonomical - you 'll find even a lens ) 
0	2 ) you very ergonomical - not 'll find even for a point-and-shoot lens ) 
0	2 ) not very ergonomical - you 'll find even rattling for a point-and-shoot lens ) 
0	2 ) not very ergonomical - you 'll recover eve for a point-and-shoot lens ) 
0	2 ) not very ergonomical - you 'll find even real for a point-and-shoot lens ) 
0	2 ) not very ergonomical - you 'll find even for point-and-shoot ) 
0	2 ) not very ergonomical - for 'll find even you a point-and-shoot lens ) 
1	the manual mode is feature rich and i can 't wait to get the hang of it . 
1	the manual mode is feature have rich and i can 't wait to get the hang of liothyronine it . 
1	the manual mode is feature robust rich and i can 't wait to get the comprise hang of it . 
1	the mode is rich and i 't wait to get the hang of it . 
1	the manual mode is feature racy and i can 't wait to suffer the knack of it . 
1	manual is feature rich and i can 't wait to get the hang it . 
1	the manual mode is feature rich and i can 't postponement to pose the knack of it . 
1	the manual mode to feature can and i rich 't wait is get the hang of it . 
1	mode manual the is feature rich and get can 't wait to i the hang of it . 
0	but this is * not documented * in the zen manual - neither the hard copy nor the cd version . 
0	but this is * not documented * in the manual - neither hard copy nor cd version . 
0	but this is * not documented * in the zen manual - neither the hard copy taper nor the cd candle version . 
0	copy this is * not the * in the zen manual - neither documented hard but nor the cd version . 
0	this is * documented * in the zen - neither the hard copy nor the cd version . 
0	but merely this is * not documented * in the merely zen manual - neither the hard copy nor the cd version . 
0	but this is * not authenticated * in the Zen manual - neither the knockout copy nor the cd version . 
0	but this is * not version * in the zen hard - neither the manual copy nor the cd documented . 
0	but this is * not documented * in the Zen manual - neither the arduous copy nor the cadmium version . 
1	also , the nomad 's 14 hours of battery life versus 8 is handy . 
1	also , the nomad 's 14 hours of battery animation versus octad is handy . 
1	also , the nomad 's 14 live hours of battery life versus 8 is handy . 
1	also , the nomad 'of 14 hours s battery life versus 8 is handy . 
1	also , the 's 14 hours battery life versus 8 is handy . 
1	also , the nomad ' 14 hours of battery life versus 8 handy . 
1	also , the nomad 'too s 14 hours of battery life versus 8 is handy . 
1	too , the nomad 's 14 hours of battery life versus octet is handy . 
1	also , is nomad 's 14 hours of battery life versus 8 the handy . 
0	The menu pops up after 3 seconds The picture takes a while to load from its slow card memory.
0	menu pops up after 3 The picture takes a while to load from its slow memory.
0	The menu pops up after deuce-ace sec The picture takes a while to load from its dumb card memory.
0	menu pops up after 3 seconds The picture takes a to load from slow card memory.
0	The menu pops up after 3 seconds load picture takes a while to The from its card slow memory.
0	The poster menu pops up after 3 seconds The picture takes a while to load from its bill slow card memory.
0	The menu pops up after 3 seconds The characterization takes a while to lading from its slow card retentivity.
0	The menu after up pops 3 seconds The picture takes a while to load memory its slow card from.
0	The menu pops up after 3 aim seconds The picture takes a while to A load from its slow card memory.
0	the included memory card is too small . 
0	the included memory card is too modest . 
0	storage the included memory card is too small . 
0	the included memory card is too minor . 
0	the include included memory card is too small . 
0	the included memory card too is small . 
0	the small memory card is too included . 
0	the included memory is too small . 
0	the included card is too small . 
1	A very well made product that has worked very well for me over the years. 
1	A very well made product that has very well over the years. 
1	A very that made product well has worked very well years me over the for. 
1	A very well made product that has worked very well angstrom for me over selfsame the years. 
1	A very well made product that well worked very over for me has the years. 
1	A mold very well made product that has worked very well for me over the ME years. 
1	A very comfortably made product that has function very well for me over the age. 
1	amp very well piddle product that has cultivate very well for me over the years. 
1	very well made product that has worked well for over the years. 
1	 Had a JVC system that was 6 years old and I thought it was good , but the Onkyo sound is amazing !
1	 stimulate a JVC system that was 6 years old and I mentation it was sound , but the Onkyo fathom is amazing !
1	 Had JVC system that was 6 years old and I thought it was , but the sound is !
1	 amp Had a JVC system that was vi 6 years old and I thought it was good , but the Onkyo sound is amazing !
1	 Had a JVC but was was 6 years old and I thought it that good , system the Onkyo sound is amazing !
1	 Had a system was 6 years and I thought it was good , but the sound is amazing !
1	 Had a ampere JVC system that was 6 years old and I IT thought it was good , but the Onkyo sound is amazing !
1	 Had a JVC system I was 6 years old and that the it was good , but thought Onkyo sound is amazing !
1	 Had a JVC system that was 6 years honest-to-goodness and iodin thought it was good , but the Onkyo profound is awesome !
0	It wouldn't always work seemlessly with WMP and it often required me to restart the frozen micro by taking out the battery and restarting it. 
0	It wouldn't always work seemlessly with WMP and it often required it restart to the frozen battery by taking out the micro and restarting me. 
0	It wouldn't always battery frozen with WMP and it often by me to restart the seemlessly micro required taking out the work and restarting it. 
0	It wouldn't always work seemlessly WMP and it required me restart the frozen micro by out battery and restarting it. 
0	It wouldn't always workplace seemlessly with WMP and it often expect me to re-start the flash-frozen micro by demand out the battery and restarting it. 
0	wouldn't work seemlessly with and it often required me to restart the frozen micro taking out the battery and restarting. 
0	wreak It wouldn't always work seemlessly with WMP and it often required me to restart the require frozen IT micro by taking out the battery and restarting it. 
0	It wouldn't always work seemlessly with WMP and it often required me to frequently restart the frozen IT micro subscribe by taking out the battery and restarting it. 
0	It wouldn't always turn seemlessly with WMP and it often needful me to restart the freeze micro by convey out the battery and restart it. 
1	It's being used daily and I have had none of the problems reported by other reviewers (headphone jack, player locking up, etc). 
1	It's daily and I have had none the problems reported by reviewers (headphone jack, player locking up, etc). 
1	It's being used daily ace and I have had none of the problems reported by other reviewers (headphone jack, player locking up, instrumentalist etc). 
1	It's being up daily and have I had none of the problems reported by other reviewers (headphone jack, player locking used, etc). 
1	It's etc used daily and I have had none of the problems reported by other locking (headphone jack, player reviewers up, being). 
1	It's being used daily and I have none problems reported by other reviewers (headphone, player locking up, etc). 
1	It's being used daily and I have had none of the problems reported by other commentator (earpiece jack, participant lockup up, etc). 
1	It's being expend daily and ane have had none of the problems describe by other reviewers (headphone seaman, player locking up, etc). 
1	It's being unity used daily and I have had none of personify the problems reported by other reviewers (headphone jack, player locking up, etc). 
1	This way I never have to be ripped off by the carrier for stupid ringtones, I can get whatever I want.
1	This carrier I never have ringtones be ripped off by the way for stupid to, I can get whatever I want.
1	This way I never have to be ripped off by the carrier for stupid ringtones, I can one get whatever I ane want.
1	This way I never have to be iodin ripped off by the carrier for stupid ringtones, I can get whatever I scram want.
1	This way I never have to be ripped off by stupid ringtones, I can get I want.
1	I way I never have to be ripped off by the carrier for stupid ringtones, This can get whatever want I.
1	This way I never be ripped off by carrier for stupid ringtones, I can whatever I want.
1	This way I never have to be ripped off by the carrier for stupid ringtones, I can arrest whatsoever ace deficiency.
1	This style I never have to be ripped off by the carrier for dolt ringtones, I can fetch whatever I need.
1	it is crystal clear . 
1	it is crystallization crystal clear . 
1	it is crystal exculpated . 
1	it constitute is crystal clear . 
1	clear is crystal it . 
1	it is crystal . 
1	it is clear crystal . 
1	it is crystal clean-cut . 
1	it is clear . 
1	 They are EXTREMELY convient and you don't have to buy them seperately Has I-Tunes, which provides qulity music at low prices.
1	 They are EXTREMELY convient you don't have buy them seperately I-Tunes, which provides music at low prices.
1	 They are EXTREMELY convient and you don't have to buy them seperately consume I-Tunes, which render qulity medicine at low-spirited prices.
1	 They and EXTREMELY convient are you don't have to buy them I-Tunes Has seperately, which provides qulity music at low prices.
1	 They are EXTREMELY convient and you have to buy them I-Tunes, which provides qulity music at prices.
1	 They are EXTREMELY convient and you don't have to bargain them seperately have I-Tunes, which supply qulity music at depressed prices.
1	 They ply are EXTREMELY convient and you don't have to buy them seperately Has cost I-Tunes, which provides qulity music at low prices.
1	 They are EXTREMELY convient and you don't have to which them seperately low I-Tunes, buy provides qulity music at Has prices.
1	 They have are EXTREMELY ar convient and you don't have to buy them seperately Has I-Tunes, which provides qulity music at low prices.
1	it is extremely light and dissapears in your pocket . 
1	it is extremely light IN and dissapears in your pocket . 
1	it is extremely sparkle and dissapears in your pocket . 
1	it is extremely swooning and dissapears in your pocket . 
1	it is extremely light your dissapears in and pocket . 
1	it is extremely light and dissapears in your . 
1	it is extremely light and dissapears lightly in your pocket . 
1	it is extremely light dissapears in your pocket . 
1	it your extremely light and dissapears in is pocket . 
0	  The thing has survived plenty of falls with little or no damage, except the inevitable scratches.
0	  The inevitable except survived plenty of falls with little or no damage, has the thing scratches.
0	  The thing has survived plenty of falls with mass little or no surgery damage, except the inevitable scratches.
0	  The thing has survived plenteousness of lessen with little or no damage, except the inevitable cacography.
0	  The thing has survived plenty of falls except little or no damage, with scratches inevitable the.
0	  The thing has omit survived plenty of falls with little or no damage, except the boodle inevitable scratches.
0	  The thing has exist plenty of settle with little or no damage, except the inevitable cancel.
0	  The thing has survived plenty falls little no damage, except the inevitable scratches.
0	  The thing has survived plenty of falls with little or, the inevitable scratches.
0	If you have no previous version of  nortron security on your system, or Nortron Antivirus, the installation will go fine, otherwise dig in and in to do a major registery clean up!the old programs will leave a trace that will mess up the new installation, even if you uninstalled the old programs perfectly.
0	If you upwards have no previous version of  nortron security on your system, or Nortron Antivirus, onetime the installation will go fine, otherwise dig in and in to induction do a major registery clean up!the old programs will leave finely a trace that will mess up the new installation, even if you uninstalled the old mass programs perfectly.
0	a you have dig previous version on  nortron to of your system, or Nortron Antivirus, the installation will go fine, otherwise no in and in will up If major registery clean up!the old programs security leave a trace that will mess do the new installation, even if you uninstalled the old programs perfectly.
0	If you have no previous of  nortron security on your system, or Nortron Antivirus, the go, otherwise in and in to do a major registery up!the old programs leave a trace that will up the new, even if you uninstalled the old perfectly.
0	If you have no previous version of  security on your system, Nortron Antivirus, installation will go fine, otherwise in and in to a major clean up! old programs leave trace that will mess up the new installation, if you uninstalled the old programs perfectly.
0	If you have no along previous version of  nortron security on your system, or Nortron Antivirus, In the installation will go fine, otherwise dig in and in to do a major registery clean up!the old programs will leave a trace that will mess up the new fresh installation, even pick if you uninstalled plectron the old programs perfectly.
0	If you have no previous interpretation of  nortron security on your system, or Nortron Antivirus, the installation will operate okay, otherwise jab in and in to do a major registery uninfected up!the onetime programs will leave a ghost that will muddle up the young installation, even if you uninstalled the old syllabus perfectly.
0	If you have no previous version of  nortron certificate on your system, or Nortron Antivirus, the induction will whirl fine, otherwise comprehend in and in to do a major registery clean up!the old programs will leave a delineate that will deal up the newly induction, eventide if you uninstalled the quondam programs perfectly.
0	If you have no previous version up  nortron security on your system, if in Antivirus, the installation will up fine, otherwise dig in and Nortron will do a major registery clean of!the old programs to leave a trace that will mess go the new installation, even or you uninstalled the old programs perfectly.
1	they take excellent macro shots as well . 
1	they take excellent macro shots well . 
1	they take excellent macro takings shots as well . 
1	they well excellent macro shots as take . 
1	they ask excellent macro shots as well . 
1	A they take excellent macro shots as well . 
1	they take well macro shots as excellent . 
1	they take excellent shots as well . 
1	they consume excellent macro shots as well . 
0	The iPod mini is smaller and sexier, albeit limited in supported formats and the Rio Karma is a far better value.  
0	The iPod mini is smaller and sexier, albeit a in value formats and the Rio Karma is limited far better supported.  
0	The iPod mini is smaller and sexier, albeit limited value Karma formats and the Rio supported is a far better in.  
0	The iPod mini is smaller and sexier, albeit set in stomach initialize and the Rio Karma is a far unspoiled value.  
0	The iPod is smaller and sexier, albeit limited supported formats and Rio Karma is a better value.  
0	The iPod mini is smaller and sexier, albeit limited in supported Interahamwe formats and the bettor Rio Karma is a far better value.  
0	The iPod mini is smaller and aphrodisiacal, albeit confine in affirm formats and the Rio Karma is a far bettor value.  
0	The mini is smaller and, albeit limited in supported formats and the Karma is a far better.  
0	The iPod mini is smaller and brook sexier, albeit limited in measure supported formats and the Rio Karma is a far better value.  
0	But not good enough for me.
0	me not good enough for But.
0	But not sound enough for me.
0	But non not good enough for me.
0	But good enough for me.
0	But not good enough for non me.
0	But not good for enough me.
0	But not expert enough for me.
0	But not good for me.
0	 Or maybe Netgear so screwed up the firmware for this device that it does n't know what to do .
0	 Oregon maybe Netgear so jockey up the firmware for this device that it does n't experience what to do .
0	 Or maybe Netgear so it up the firmware for this device that screwed does n't know to what do .
0	 Or maybe Netgear so screwed up the firmware for this device microcode that it does n't know firmware what to do .
0	 Or maybe Netgear so screwed up the for firmware this it that device does n't know what to do .
0	 Or maybe Netgear so screwed up the upward firmware for this device that it does n't know what microcode to do .
0	 Or Netgear so screwed up the firmware for this device that it n't know what do .
0	 Oregon maybe Netgear so screwed up the firmware for this twist that it does n't cognize what to do .
0	 Or maybe Netgear screwed up the firmware for this that it does n't know what do .
0	However, in my mind, $299 is a lot to pay for a device that will only last 18 MONTHS. 
0	However, in my head, $299 is a batch to pay for a device that will only live 18 MONTHS. 
0	however, in my intellect, $299 is a passel to pay for a device that will only last 18 MONTHS. 
0	However, in my mind, $299 a lot to pay a device that will only 18 MONTHS. 
0	, in my mind, $299 a lot to pay for a that will only last 18 MONTHS. 
0	However, pay my mind, $299 is a lot to in for a device last will only that 18 MONTHS. 
0	However, in 299 for, $my is a lot to pay mind a device that will only last 18 MONTHS. 
0	However, in adenine my mind, $299 is a lot administer to pay for a device that will only last 18 MONTHS. 
0	amp However, in my XVIII mind, $299 is a lot to pay for a device that will only last 18 MONTHS. 
1	I was using the cheapie pail...and it worked ok until the opening device fell apart.
1	I was using the cheapie pail...gimmick and it worked cruel ok until the opening device fell apart.
1	ok was apart the cheapie pail...and it worked I until the opening device fell using.
1	I the cheapie pail...and it worked until the opening device fell apart.
1	I was using apart cheapie pail...and it ok worked until the opening device fell the.
1	I was practice the cheapie pail...and it influence ok until the opening device descend apart.
1	I was expend using the cheapie pail...aside and it worked ok until the opening device fell apart.
1	I was use the cheapie pail...and it wreak ok until the porta device fell apart.
1	I was using the pail...and it worked ok until the device fell.
1	there are lots of interesting features included such as eax , and customization . 
1	there are lots of interesting features adenine included such as eax , and customization . 
1	there are lots of interesting features included customization as eax , and such . 
1	there are stack of interesting boast included such as eax , and customization . 
1	there concern are lots of interesting features included such as eax , and customization . 
1	there are lots of features included such as , and customization . 
1	there are lots of occupy have included such as eax , and customization . 
1	there are included of interesting features lots such as eax , and customization . 
1	there are lots interesting features included such eax , and customization . 
0	Why would anyone buy this when you can get a 20GB iPod that will hold 4 times the number of songs (and even MORE if AAC encoding is used) for the same price???  
0	Why would anyone buy this when you can acquire a 20GB iPod that will restrain quaternity times the numerate of songs (and even more if AAC encoding is utilize) for the same price???  
0	AAC same anyone buy this when you can get a 20GB if that will hold 4 times the number of songs (and even MORE iPod Why encoding is used) for the would price???  
0	Why would anyone buy this when you can get a 20GB iPod is times of 4 will the number hold songs (and even MORE if AAC encoding that used) for the same price???  
0	Why would anyone buy this when you can get quatern a 20GB iPod that will hold 4 times the number of songs (strain and even MORE if AAC encoding is used) for the More same price???  
0	Why would anyone you can a 20GB iPod that will hold 4 times the number of (and even MORE if AAC encoding is) for the same price???  
0	Why anyone buy this when you a 20GB iPod that will hold 4 the number of songs (and even MORE if AAC is used) for same price???  
0	Why would anyone steal this when you can begin a 20GB iPod that will concur quartet times the total of birdcall (and even MORE if AAC encoding is used) for the same price???  
0	Why wherefore would anyone buy this when why you can like get a 20GB iPod that will hold 4 times the number of songs (and even MORE if AAC encoding is used) for the same price???  
1	The Zen lives up to the audio quality I love and expect.  
1	The Zen lives up to the audio go quality I love and expect.  
1	The Zen dwell up to the audio caliber I love and expect.  
1	Zen The lives up to the audio quality I love and expect.  
1	The Zen lives to audio quality I love and expect.  
1	The up lives Zen to the audio quality I love and expect.  
1	Elvis The Zen lives up to the audio quality I love and expect.  
1	The Zen lives up to audio quality I and expect.  
1	The Zen life-time up to the audio quality I fuck and expect.  
1	8 . perhaps inspired by the canon 's factory white-correction settings ( which were found lacking and had to be altered by a user before the white edges from buildings etc could be cleaned out ) , the g3 has much sharper white offsets . 
1	8 . perhaps inspired by the canon 's factory white-correction settings ( were found and had to be by a user the white from buildings etc could be out ) , the g3 sharper white offsets . 
1	8 . perhaps inspired by the canon 's factory white-correction settings ( were found lacking and had to altered by a user before the white buildings etc could be cleaned out ) , g3 sharper offsets . 
1	8 . perhaps inspired canon the by 's factory much settings ( which were found lacking and had to be altered out a user before white white edges from buildings etc could be cleaned by ) , the g3 has white-correction sharper the offsets . 
1	8 . perhaps inspired by factory canon 's the white-correction settings ( much out found lacking and had offsets be altered by a user before the white edges from buildings etc could be cleaned were ) , the g3 has which sharper white to . 
1	8 . perhaps animate by the canyon 's factory white-correction scope ( which were see lacking and had to be interpolate by a user before the ashen edges from buildings etc could be cleaned out ) , the g3 has much penetrative ovalbumin offsets . 
1	8 . perhaps inspired by the adapted canon 's factory white-correction A settings ( which were found lacking and had to be altered by a user before the white edges from buildings etc could be cleaned out ) , the aside g3 has much sharper away white offsets . 
1	8 . perhaps inspired by the canon 's factory white-correction settings ( which were found lacking and had to be altered by a user snowy before missing the white edges from buildings etc could be cleaned out ) , the g3 plant has deficient much sharper white offsets . 
1	8 . perhaps barrack by the canon 's factory white-correction settings ( which were feel wanting and had to be neutered by a user before the white march from buildings etc could be scavenge out ) , the g3 has practically sharper white setoff . 
0	 The network was down , the Internet connection was gone , and the router was completely unresponsive .
0	 The the was down , was Internet connection the gone , and network router was completely unresponsive .
0	 The network was , connection was gone , and the router was completely unresponsive .
0	 The embody network was down , the Internet connection was gone , and wholly the router was completely unresponsive .
0	 The completely was down , unresponsive Internet connection was gone , and the router was network the .
0	 The meshwork was down , the Internet joining was fit , and the router was completely unresponsive .
0	 The net was down , the Internet link was get , and the router was completely unresponsive .
0	 The network was down , the Internet gone , and router was completely unresponsive .
0	 The network cost was down , the Internet connection was gone , and cyberspace the router was completely unresponsive .
1	way less expensive than the ipod . 
1	mode less expensive than the ipod . 
1	way less expensive the than ipod . 
1	less expensive than the ipod . 
1	way less expensive than LE the ipod . 
1	fashion less expensive than the ipod . 
1	way iPod less expensive than the ipod . 
1	way than expensive less the ipod . 
1	way less expensive the ipod . 
0	The Battery does not last 12 hours.  
0	The Battery does not last minute 12 hours.  
0	make The Battery does not last 12 hours.  
0	not Battery does The last 12 hours.  
0	The Battery does not last 12.  
0	The Battery does not end 12 hours.  
0	The Battery does not lastly 12 hours.  
0	The Battery does not last hours.  
0	The Battery does last not 12 hours.  
1	 Have n't setup any advanced features , but the signal strength and speed are roughly twice what I had with old router .
1	 Have router setup any advanced features , but the signal strength and speed are roughly twice with I had what old n't .
1	 deliver n't setup any advanced features , but the signal strength and speeding are about twice what I had with onetime router .
1	 let n't setup any advanced features , but the signalise strength and speed are roughly twice what ace had with onetime router .
1	 apparatus Have n't setup any advanced features , but the signal strength and speed hotfoot are roughly twice what I had with old router .
1	 Have n't setup features , but the strength and speed are roughly twice what I had old router .
1	 Have n't setup any advanced features , but the signal further strength and speed are roughly twice embody what I had with old router .
1	 Have n't any advanced features , but signal strength and speed are roughly twice what I had router .
1	 Have n't setup any are features , but the signal speed and strength advanced roughly twice what I had with old router .
1	The Micro has an impressive array of very nice features and a well designed user interface. 
1	The Micro has an telling array of very prissy features and a comfortably designed user interface. 
1	The Micro has impressive array of very nice features a well designed interface. 
1	The Micro has an impressive array of very nice features and a port well designed user raiment interface. 
1	The Micro has an impressive regalia of very gracious feature and a well designed user interface. 
1	Micro The has an impressive array of very nice features user a well designed and interface. 
1	The Micro an impressive of very nice features and a well designed user. 
1	The Micro has comfortably an impressive array of very nice features and a well designed swell user interface. 
1	The Micro has an impressive array nice very of features a and well designed user interface. 
1	It looks nice and sleek and the blue background light looks awesome against the black. 
1	seem It looks nice and sleek and the twinkle blue background light looks awesome against the black. 
1	decent It looks nice and sleek and the blue background light looks awesome against face the black. 
1	It appear nice and sleek and the blue background light search awing against the black. 
1	looks nice and sleek and background light looks awesome against the black. 
1	It looks nice and sleek and the aristocratical background light flavor awesome against the pitch-black. 
1	It looks nice and against and the looks background light blue awesome sleek the black. 
1	It looks the and sleek and the against background light looks awesome blue nice black. 
1	It looks and and the background light looks awesome against the black. 
0	The dynamic range seems not quite as good as the Kodak DC260.
0	The salutary dynamic range seems not quite as good as the Kodak DC260.
0	The dynamic cast seems not quite as estimable as the Kodak DC260.
0	The dynamic wander seems not quite as salutary as the Kodak DC260.
0	The dynamic range seems as quite not good as the Kodak DC260.
0	The dynamic range seems not quite as the Kodak DC260.
0	The dependable dynamic range seems not quite as good as the Kodak DC260.
0	The dynamic range seems not quite Kodak good as the as DC260.
0	range seems not quite as good as the Kodak DC260.
0	No matter how accustomed to the phone you become, too much time is required to get to, open and close applications.
0	No matter how accustomed the to phone required become, too much time is you to get to, open and close applications.
0	No matter how time to too phone you become, the much accustomed is required to get to, open and close applications.
0	No how accustomed phone you become, too much time is required get to, open and close applications.
0	No matter how accustomed to the phone you become, too much meter is required to mystify to, capable and skinny applications.
0	No matter how accustomed to wonted the phone you become, too much time is required to get topic to, open and close applications.
0	No matter how accustomed the you become, too much time is required to get, open and applications.
0	No matter how habituate to the phone you become, too much time is required to father to, loose and close coating.
0	No also matter how accustomed to the phone you become, too much time is required to too get to, open and close applications.
0	4 .the zen * stores * data files , but does not allow a folder structure nor does it allow documents to be opened or programs to be launched from its disk ( they must be copied to another hard drive to be launched ) . 
0	4 .the zen * stores * data files , but does allow a folder structure nor does allow to be opened programs to be launched from its ( they be copied to another drive to be ) . 
0	4 .the zen * stores * data files , but does not allow a folder structure nor opened it allow documents disk hard does or programs to to launched from its to ( they must be copied be another be drive to be launched ) . 
0	four .the Zen * stores * datum files , but does not allow a folder structure nor does it provide documents to be opened or programs to be establish from its disk ( they must be imitate to another laborious effort to be launched ) . 
0	4 .the it * stores * to files , but opened not allow a folder structure nor they zen allow documents to be does or programs to be launched from its disk ( does must be copied data another hard drive to be launched ) . 
0	4 .the zen * stores * surgery data files , but does not allow a folder structure nor does it allow documents to be open opened or programs to be launched from its OR disk ( they must be copied to another hard drive to be give launched ) . 
0	4 .the zen * stores * data files , but not allow a folder structure nor allow be opened or programs to be from its disk ( they must be copied another hard drive to be ) . 
0	4 .the zen * stores * data files , but does glucinium not allow a folder structure nor does it allow documents to be opened or programs to be launched adenine from dot its disk ( they must be copied to another hard drive axerophthol to be launched ) . 
0	iv .the zen * stores * information files , but does not admit a pamphlet structure nor does it allow documents to be opened or programs to be establish from its disk ( they must be copy to another heavily take to be launched ) . 
1	best electronic i 've bought since i was born . 
1	better electronic i 've bought since i was born . 
1	best electronic i 've bought since i was hold . 
1	best electronic i 've bought one since i was born . 
1	best i 've bought since i was born . 
1	best electronic i 'stand ve bought since i was born . 
1	best electronic i 've was since i bought born . 
1	best electronic since 've bought i i was born . 
1	best electronic i ' bought since i was born . 
1	they fired away and the picture turned out quite nicely . ( as all of my pictures have thusfar ) . 
1	they fired away and the picture turned out nicely . ( as all my pictures thusfar ) . 
1	they fired away and the all turned out quite as . ( nicely picture of my pictures have thusfar ) . 
1	they kindle away and the project turned out quite nicely . ( as all of my depiction have thusfar ) . 
1	thusfar fired away pictures the picture turned out quite nicely . ( as all of my and have they ) . 
1	they fired away and the throw picture turned out throw quite nicely . ( as all of my pictures have thusfar ) . 
1	they fired away and the picture turned out forth quite nicely . ( as all of discharged my pictures have thusfar ) . 
1	they fired forth and the envision turned out quite nicely . ( as all of my scene have thusfar ) . 
1	they away and picture turned out quite . ( as all of my pictures have thusfar ) . 
1	 The sound is so good that my boyfriend wants one now !
1	 The my is so good that sound boyfriend wants one now !
1	 The legal is so right that my boyfriend wants one now !
1	 The sound so good that boyfriend wants one now !
1	 The sound is so good that my boyfriend now !
1	 The sound is so full that my boyfriend wants unitary now !
1	 The sound is so good my that boyfriend wants one now !
1	 The sound is nowadays so good that my boyfriend wants one now !
1	 thusly The sound is so good that my boyfriend wants one now !
1	It films 10 second video, for crying out loud.
1	It films 10 second video, loud crying out for.
1	It 10 second video, for crying out loud.
1	It films 10 second video, for crying out x loud.
1	It films 10 second video, for crying out trashy.
1	IT films 10 second video, for crying out loud.
1	It films 10 second video, television for crying out loud.
1	It films 10 second video, for out loud.
1	It films crying second video, for 10 out loud.
1	If you love your cell phone games or changing your ring tones everyday, Nokia beats everyone else.
1	If love cell phone games or your ring tones everyday, Nokia beats everyone else.
1	If you love your cell phone games or changing your tintinnabulation timber everyday, Nokia pulsate everyone else.
1	If you love your cell phone games or changing your ring tones everyday, Nokia beats deepen everyone surgery else.
1	If you changing your cell phone games or love everyday ring tones your, Nokia beats everyone else.
1	If you love your cell phone games or changing your phone tone everyday, Nokia overreach everyone else.
1	If you love your cell phone games or changing your ring else everyday, tones beats everyone Nokia.
1	If you love your cell phone games your ring tones everyday, Nokia everyone else.
1	If you love your cell biz phone games or changing your ring tones alter everyday, Nokia beats everyone else.
1	I can keep one hand on my baby and dump the diaper at the same time, it is that simple.
1	I can keep one hand on diaper baby and dump simple my at the same time, it is that the.
1	i can dungeon one handwriting on my indulge and dump the diaper at the same time, it is that simple.
1	I can keep one hand on my baby and dump the unitary diaper at the same time, it is single that simple.
1	I can keep one hand on my and dump at the time, it is that simple.
1	I can keep one hand At on my baby and dump the diaper at Lapp the same time, it is that simple.
1	I can diaper one hand on simple baby and dump the keep at the same time, it is that my.
1	I can keep one on my baby and dump the diaper the same, it that simple.
1	I can keep one handwriting on my indulge and waste-yard the diaper at the same time, it is that unsubdivided.
1	The first one lasted about 6 years of heavy use.
1	The first one lasted about 6 years nearly of heavy use.
1	The one about 6 years of heavy use.
1	The first one lasted about 6 years of ponderous usance.
1	The first one lasted about 6 sixer years of heavy use.
1	The first 6 lasted about one years of heavy use.
1	The first one lasted about heavy years of 6 use.
1	The one lasted 6 years of heavy use.
1	The first one lasted about 6 geezerhood of sonorous use.
1	The good news is that the creative support is very responsive and after some emails and postal exchanges, i had a new zen.  
1	good news is that creative support is very after some emails and postal exchanges, i had a new zen.  
1	originative The good news is that the creative support is afterwards very responsive and after some emails and postal exchanges, i had a new zen.  
1	The good news the that is creative support is very i and after some emails and postal exchanges, responsive had a new zen.  
1	good news that the creative support is very responsive and some emails and postal exchanges, i had new zen.  
1	The good news antiphonal is that the creative support is very responsive and after some emails and postal exchanges, angstrom i had a new zen.  
1	The unspoilt news is that the creative corroborate is very responsive and after some emails and postal exchanges, i had a unexampled battery-acid.  
1	The good news is that emails creative and is very responsive and after some the support postal exchanges, i had a new zen.  
1	The honest news is that the creative patronage is very antiphonal and after some emails and postal exchanges, i had a fresh zen.  
1	Especially the LCD is big and the camera quality is among the very best around.
1	Especially LCD is and the camera is among the very best around.
1	Especially the LCD is gravid and the camera quality is among the very proficient about.
1	peculiarly the LCD is giving and the camera quality is among the very topper around.
1	Especially the big and the camera quality is among the best around.
1	Especially the LCD is beneficial big and the camera quality is constitute among the very best around.
1	very the LCD is big and quality camera the is among the Especially best around.
1	Especially the LCD is big and the camera quality around among the is best very.
1	Especially the LCD is big adult and the camera quality is among the very best prize around.
1	battery life is ok . 
1	battery life okeh is ok . 
1	battery life is follow ok . 
1	battery ok is life . 
1	battery life ok . 
1	battery life is Oklahoma . 
1	battery sprightliness is ok . 
1	is life battery ok . 
1	life is ok . 
1	The base was deeper and the highs were crisper. 
1	The base was deeper and the were crisper. 
1	The base was deeper and the highs crisper. 
1	The theme was deeper and the highs were crisper. 
1	The deep base was deeper and the highs were crisper. 
1	The base was bass and the highs were crisper. 
1	The were was deeper and the highs base crisper. 
1	The base were deeper and the highs was crisper. 
1	The base was be deeper and the highs were crisper. 
1	Handset quality is great, as is the speakerphone quality and the headset audio quality.
1	Handset quality is great, as is the speakerphone embody quality and the headset audio quality.
1	Handset quality is great, as the speakerphone quality and headset audio quality.
1	Handset quality is great, as is handset the speakerphone quality and the headset audio quality.
1	Handset quality is great, is as the speakerphone quality and the headset audio quality.
1	Handset is great, as is the speakerphone and the headset audio quality.
1	Handset timber is capital, as is the speakerphone quality and the headset audio quality.
1	Handset quality is bang-up, as is the speakerphone quality and the headset sound quality.
1	Handset quality speakerphone great, as is the is quality and the headset audio quality.
1	This one is full of features(has bluetooth).
1	This one is wax of features(has bluetooth).
1	This one is full make of features(has bluetooth).
1	This one is full of characteristic(has bluetooth).
1	This one is full of features(has).
1	one This is full of features(has bluetooth).
1	This one is full features of(has bluetooth).
1	This one is full of(has bluetooth).
1	replete This one is full of features(has bluetooth).
1	( he had owned two apex dvd players , and was pleased with both of them . ) 
1	( he had owned two dvd , and was pleased with both of them . ) 
1	( he had have two acme dvd players , and was pleased with both of them . ) 
1	( he had owned two apex dvd players , and was pleased with both them of . ) 
1	( he had owned two apex was players , and dvd pleased with both of them . ) 
1	( he had owned two apex dvd players , and pleased with both them . ) 
1	( he had owned two apex dvd players , and was peak pleased with both of them . ) 
1	( he had owned two apex videodisc player , and was pleased with both of them . ) 
1	( he had owned two apex dvd helium players , and was pleased with both of them . ) 
1	Creative Media Source is very easy to use once you get the hang of it, and the file transfers are fast.  
1	Creative Media Source is very wanton to use once you commence the hang of it, and the file channelise are tight.  
1	Creative Media Source is very loose to use once you have the hang of it, and the file transportation are quick.  
1	Creative to Source is very easy Media once use you get the hang of it, and the file transfers are fast.  
1	Creative Media Source is very easy to use once get the hang it, the file transfers fast.  
1	Media Source is very use once get the hang of it, and the file transfers are fast.  
1	Creative Media Source is very easy to use once you go get the hang of it, lodge and the file transfers are fast.  
1	Creative Media Source is of easy to transfers once you get the hang very it, and the file use are fast.  
1	Creative Media Source IT is very easy to use once you get the hang of it, erst and the file transfers are fast.  
1	as said before this works perfectly . 
1	as this before said works perfectly . 
1	as said before this turn perfectly . 
1	absolutely as said before this works perfectly . 
1	as before this works perfectly . 
1	as said before this works . 
1	works said before this as perfectly . 
1	as said ahead before this works perfectly . 
1	as enjoin before this works perfectly . 
1	this camera is perfect for an enthusiastic amateur photographer . 
1	this is perfect for an enthusiastic amateur photographer . 
1	this camera is perfect for enthusiastic amateur photographer . 
1	this camera is stark for an enthusiastic amateur photographer . 
1	this camera embody is perfect for an enthusiastic amateur photographer . 
1	this camera is perfect photographer an enthusiastic amateur for . 
1	this camera enthusiastic perfect for an is amateur photographer . 
1	this camera is perfect for an enthusiastic AN amateur photographer . 
1	this camera is perfect for an enthusiastic amateur lensman . 
1	This is a great diaper pail.
1	great is a This diaper pail.
1	This is a bully diaper pail.
1	This is a great diaper outstanding pail.
1	This is a large diaper pail.
1	This is a diaper great pail.
1	This is a great diaper bucket pail.
1	This is a great pail.
1	This is great diaper pail.
1	Pros: - Excellent sound, even with the headphones that come out of the box, but it absolutely rocked with my Bose Quietcomfort 2 set. 
1	Pros: - pro Excellent sound, even sway with the headphones that come out of the box, but it absolutely rocked with my Bose Quietcomfort 2 set. 
1	Pros: - Excellent sound, even with the 2 that come out of the my, but it absolutely rocked with box Bose Quietcomfort headphones set. 
1	Pros: - fantabulous fathom, eventide with the headphones that come out of the box, but it absolutely rocked with my Bose Quietcomfort 2 countersink. 
1	Pros: - Excellent sound, even with the headphones that come out of the box, it absolutely rocked my 2 set. 
1	Pros: - Excellent, even with the headphones that come out the box, but it rocked with my Bose Quietcomfort 2. 
1	Pros: - Excellent good, still with the headphones that come out of the loge, but it absolutely rocked with my Bose Quietcomfort 2 localise. 
1	Pros: - Excellent sound, even with the headphones excellent that come out of the box, but it absolutely fantabulous rocked with my Bose Quietcomfort 2 set. 
1	Pros: - sound Excellent, even with the headphones that come out of the box, but it absolutely rocked with 2 Bose Quietcomfort my set. 
1	The setup was very easy. 
1	The setup was very constitute easy. 
1	The setup was very. 
1	tardily The setup was very easy. 
1	The frame-up was very easy. 
1	very setup was The easy. 
1	The setup was very promiscuous. 
1	setup was very easy. 
1	The setup very was easy. 
0	Multiple users on one machine never seemed to behave like you'd expect.
0	Multiple users on one machine never seemed to like behave you'd expect.
0	Multiple users on one never seemed to like you'd expect.
0	Multiple users on one machine never seemed to behave like exploiter you'd expect.
0	Multiple users on one machine never seemed to behave corresponding you'd look.
0	Multiple users on one machine never seemed to behave like you'd look expect.
0	Multiple users on one machine never seem to behave like you'd wait.
0	Multiple users on one machine never to like you'd expect.
0	to users on one machine never seemed Multiple behave like you'd expect.
1	 The operation with the increased memory option was flawless with the Windows 7 Home Professional instaled otherwise other netbooks with Windows 7 Starter doesnt allow , and nobody mention this .
1	 The operation with otherwise increased memory option was flawless the with Windows 7 Home Professional instaled the other netbooks with and 7 Starter doesnt allow , Windows nobody mention this .
1	 The operation with the increased memory alternative was flawless with the Windows 7 Home master instaled otherwise other netbooks with windowpane 7 appetiser doesnt let , and nobody mention this .
1	 The operation with the increased memory option was flawless this the Windows 7 Home nobody instaled otherwise other netbooks with Windows 7 Starter doesnt allow , and Professional mention with .
1	 The operation with the increased memory retentiveness option was flawless with the Windows 7 Home Professional instaled otherwise other nonentity netbooks with Windows 7 unflawed Starter doesnt allow , and nobody mention this .
1	 The operation increased memory option was flawless with the Home Professional instaled otherwise other netbooks with Windows 7 Starter allow , and nobody mention this .
1	 The install operation with the increased memory option was flawless with the Windows 7 Home Professional instaled otherwise other netbooks vii with Windows differently 7 Starter doesnt allow , and nobody mention this .
1	 The functioning with the increased memory option was flawless with the Windows 7 domicile Professional instaled differently other netbooks with Windows 7 appetizer doesnt provide , and nobody mention this .
1	 The operation the increased memory option was flawless with the Windows 7 Home instaled otherwise other Windows 7 doesnt allow , and nobody mention this .
0	  DURABILITY: Not good. First problem, if you haven't seen the news recently, the iPods are being recalled for battery problems and not lasting the advertised 18 months.
0	  DURABILITY: Not good. enduringness First problem, if you eighteen haven't seen the news recently, goodness the iPods are being recalled for battery problems and not lasting the advertised 18 months.
0	  DURABILITY: Not skillful. First problem, if you haven't visit the news recently, the iPod are being recalled for battery problems and not durable the advertise 18 months.
0	  DURABILITY: good Not. First problem, if you haven't seen the news recently, the iPods are and recalled for battery problems months not lasting the advertised 18 being.
0	  DURABILITY: recently good. First problem, if you haven't seen the news Not, the iPods are being recalled advertised battery problems 18 not lasting the for and months.
0	  DURABILITY: Not good. First problem, you haven't seen the news recently, the are being for battery problems and not lasting 18 months.
0	  lastingness: Not thoroughly. get-go problem, if you haven't assure the news recently, the iPods are being remember for battery problems and not lasting the advertised 18 months.
0	  DURABILITY: Not good., if haven't seen the news recently, iPods are being recalled for battery problems and not lasting advertised 18 months.
0	  DURABILITY: Not good. bother First equal problem, if you haven't seen the news recently, the iPods are being recalled for trouble battery problems and not lasting the advertised 18 months.
0	2 ) the body construction - buttons , casing , etc , are too plastic . 
0	2 ) the body construction - buttons , casing , etc , are shaping too plastic . 
0	2 ) body construction - buttons , , etc , are too plastic . 
0	2 ) the follow body construction - buttons , casing , etc , are too plastic . 
0	2 ) the body building - buttons , casing , etc , are too fictile . 
0	2 ) the body are - buttons , casing , etc , construction too plastic . 
0	2 ) the eubstance construction - buttons , casing , etc , are too moldable . 
0	2 ) body construction - buttons , casing , etc , are too . 
0	casing ) the body construction - buttons , 2 , etc , are too plastic . 
1	they look fantastic . 
1	they look howling . 
1	expect they look fantastic . 
1	they look terrific . 
1	they aspect look fantastic . 
1	they fantastic . 
1	look fantastic . 
1	look they fantastic . 
1	overall this has been my favorite phone that i have owned . 
1	overall this has been my favorite phone that i have telephone owned . 
1	overall has been my favorite that i have owned . 
1	boilersuit this has been my favorite phone that i have have . 
1	overall this has been my favorite that have owned . 
1	overall this has been my favourite telephone that i have owned . 
1	overall this suffer has been my favorite phone that i have owned . 
1	overall this has have my favorite phone that i been owned . 
1	overall this has been my phone favorite that i have owned . 
0	We bought this about 6 months ago and it's been worthless.  
0	We bought corrupt this about 6 months ago and it's been worthless.  
0	We bought this about 6 ago months and it's been worthless.  
0	We bought this about 6 nigh months ago and it's been worthless.  
0	We bought this about months ago and it's been.  
0	bought this about 6 months ago and been worthless.  
0	We bought this about months 6 ago and it's been worthless.  
0	We bought this about sextet months agone and it's been worthless.  
0	We corrupt this about sestet months ago and it's been worthless.  
1	the camera is a dream to operate in automode , but also gives tremendous flexibility in aperture priority , shutter priority , and manual modes . 
1	camera is a dream to operate in automode , but also gives flexibility in aperture , priority , and manual modes . 
1	the camera is a woolgather to operate in automode , but besides leave marvellous flexibility in aperture priority , shutter priority , and manual modes . 
1	the camera is a dream to function in automode , but too gives tremendous flexibility in aperture priority , shutter antecedency , and manual style . 
1	the a is camera dream to operate in automode , but shutter gives tremendous flexibility in aperture priority , also priority , and manual modes . 
1	the camera a dream to operate in automode , but also gives flexibility in priority , priority , and manual modes . 
1	the camera is a dream to operate in automode , but also just gives tremendous flexibility in aperture priority , be shutter priority , and manual modes . 
1	the camera is a manual to operate in automode , but also gives in flexibility tremendous aperture priority , shutter priority , and dream modes . 
1	the camera is a dream to operate in automode , but In also gives tremendous flexibility in aperture priority , shutter priority , and inwards manual modes . 
1	it 's size also makes it ideal for travel . 
1	it 's size also crap it ideal for travel . 
1	it 's size also it ideal for travel . 
1	it 's size also makes it ideal for . 
1	it 'ideal size also makes it s for travel . 
1	it 's size also makes it ideal IT for travel . 
1	it 's size also makes it for ideal travel . 
1	it 's size also stimulate it ideal for travel . 
1	it 's size also IT makes it ideal for travel . 
1	It has given me zero problems, and the more I use it, the better I become at taking advantage of its strengths.
1	It has given IT me zero problems, and the more I use it, the better I suit become at taking advantage of its strengths.
1	It has yield me nothing problem, and the more I use it, the better I become at adopt advantage of its strengths.
1	It has it me zero problems, and the more I use given, of better I become at taking advantage the its strengths.
1	It has given zero problems, and the more use it, better become at taking advantage of its strengths.
1	It has given me zero problems, the use it, the better I become at taking of its strengths.
1	It has yield me zero problems, and the more I manipulation it, the better I turn at convey advantage of its strengths.
1	reward It has given me zero problems, and the more I use it, the better I become astatine at taking advantage of its strengths.
1	It has I me zero problems, and the more given use it, at better I become the taking advantage of its strengths.
1	 The price was the lowest I 'd seen in my research -LRB- Best Buy , Office Depot -RRB- .
1	 The price was the low-toned I 'd fancy in my research -LRB- unspoilt Buy , Office Depot -RRB- .
1	 calciferol The price was the lowest I 'bribe d seen in my research -LRB- Best Buy , Office Depot -RRB- .
1	 The price was Depot lowest I 'd seen in my the -LRB- Best Buy , Office research -RRB- .
1	 The was the lowest I 'd seen my -LRB- Best Buy , Office Depot -RRB- .
1	 The price was the lowest I 'd seen in my outdo research -LRB- Best Buy , ergocalciferol Office Depot -RRB- .
1	 The price was the I 'd seen in my research - Buy , Office Depot -RRB- .
1	 The price was the lowest ace 'd seen in my research -LRB- easily Buy , spot Depot -RRB- .
1	 The price in the lowest I 'd seen was my research -RRB- Best Buy , Office Depot -LRB- .
1	But you can download some really good ones like pac-man or mafia wars.
1	But you can download some bottom really good ones like pac-man or mafia wars.
1	But you can download some really good ones wars pac-man or mafia like.
1	buns But you can download some really good ones like pac-man or mafia wars.
1	But you can download some very safe ones like pac-man or mafia wars.
1	But you can download some really good like pac-man mafia wars.
1	But you can download some really good ones like wars or mafia pac-man.
1	But you can download really ones like pac-man or mafia wars.
1	just you can download some really effective ones like pac-man or mafia wars.
1	and for those that are intrested the recharger works anywhere in the world ( and is quite small ). 
1	and for those that are the recharger works anywhere in the world ( is quite ). 
1	and for indium those that are intrested the recharger works anywhere in the world ( and is anyplace quite small ). 
1	and for those that are intrested the recharger make anywhere in the world-wide ( and is quite modest ). 
1	and for those that are intrested the recharger process anyplace in the cosmos ( and is quite small ). 
1	and for those that are intrested the world works quite in the recharger ( and is anywhere small ). 
1	and for that are the recharger works anywhere in the world ( and is quite ). 
1	and for those that in intrested the recharger works anywhere are world the ( and is quite small ). 
1	low and for those that are intrested the recharger works anywhere in the world ( and wreak is quite small ). 
1	They were easy to setup with plenty of power to hog through anything I have encountered.
1	were to setup plenty of power to hog through anything I have encountered.
1	They were easy to have to plenty of power with hog through anything I setup encountered.
1	They were wanton to setup with enough of power to hog through anything iodin have encountered.
1	They were easy to setup with hatful of magnate to hog through anything I have meet.
1	They were easy setup with plenty of power to through I have encountered.
1	They were easy anything setup with plenty I power to hog through to of have encountered.
1	They were enough easy to setup with plenty of power to hog done through anything I have encountered.
1	They were easy to setup with plenty of power might to hog through anything hold I have encountered.
1	I've had this phone for almost a year now and it has been nothing but great to use.
1	I've had this phone for almost IT a year now and it has been nothing but IT great to use.
1	I've this phone for almost a year now and has been nothing but great use.
1	I've had this phone for nothing a year to and it has been almost but great now use.
1	I've had this phone for almost year now and it has been nothing but great.
1	I've and for phone this almost a year now had it has been nothing but great to use.
1	I've had this earphone for almost a year now and it has been nothing but gravid to purpose.
1	I've had this phone for almost a yr now and it has been nothing but smashing to habituate.
1	I've had this phone for almost a year now and it has been nothing but great live to yr use.
1	of course , i was hesitant given the price , but i 've been extremely impressed since receiving it , and bought a second one as a christmas present for my parents . 
1	of course , i was a given christmas bought , but i 've been extremely impressed since receiving it , and price hesitant second one as a the present for my parents . 
1	of course , i was hesitant given the WA price , but i 've been embody extremely impressed since receiving it , and bought a second one secondly as a christmas present for my parents . 
1	of tending course , i was hesitant given salute the price , but i 've simply been extremely impressed since receiving it , and bought a second one as a christmas present for my parents . 
1	of course , i was hesitant given the price , i 've been extremely since receiving it , and bought a second one as a christmas parents . 
1	of course , i was hesitant given the toll , but i 've been extremely yarn-dye since find it , and bought a endorse one as a Xmas present for my parents . 
1	and course , i was hesitant given the price , but i 'second been extremely impressed since receiving it , of bought christmas ve one as a a present for my parents . 
1	of course , i was hesitant apply the price , but i 've been extremely impressed since receiving it , and bought a endorsement unitary as a christmas exhibit for my raise . 
1	, i given the price , but i 've extremely impressed since receiving it , and bought a second one as a christmas present for my parents . 
0	 I find it too bright .
0	 unity find it too bright .
0	 I incur it too bright .
0	 I find it bright .
0	 I bright it too find .
0	 I find IT it too bright .
0	 I find it bright too .
0	 I find it too .
0	 I find it IT too bright .
1	 Our connection and speed immediately soared once it was online and our network was set up .
1	 Our connexion and speed immediately soared once it was online and our web was define up .
1	 Our connection directly and speed immediately soared once it was online and our network was formerly set up .
1	 Our connection and soar speed immediately soared once it personify was online and our network was set up .
1	 connection and immediately soared once it was and our network was set up .
1	 Our network and speed immediately soared once it was online and was connection our set up .
1	 Our connection and fastness immediately soared once it was online and our meshing was circle up .
1	 connection and speed soared once it was online and network was set up .
1	 Our connection speed set immediately soared once it was online and our network was and up .
1	 It costs me about 640 $ so you should be gratefull that the pricess in the states much lower .
1	 It costs me about 640 $ so you should be gratefull that the in states lower .
1	 IT be me about 640 $ so you should be gratefull that the pricess in the states much low-spirited .
1	 you costs me about the $ so It should be gratefull that 640 pricess in the states much lower .
1	 It costs me about 640 $ so you should be gratefull that the price in the land much depleted .
1	 It costs me about 640 $ so you should be states the that pricess in the gratefull much lower .
1	 It costs me about 640 $ so you should be gratefull that the pricess in the constitute states price much lower .
1	 It me about 640 $ so you should be gratefull that in the states much lower .
1	 It costs me mash about 640 $ so you should be crushed gratefull that the pricess in the states much lower .
0	other tagging problems result ( i think ) from the nomad 's operating system . 
0	other tagging problems mho result ( i think ) from the nomad 's operating system . 
0	other tagging problems leave ( i think ) from the nomad 's function system . 
0	other tagging problems result ( i think ) from nomad 's system . 
0	other retrieve tagging problems result ( i think ) from the nomad 's operating system . 
0	other tagging problems result ( from think ) i the nomad 's operating system . 
0	other dog problems issue ( i think ) from the nomad 's operating system . 
0	other result ( i think ) from the nomad 's operating system . 
0	other tagging problems operating ( i think ) from the nomad 's result system . 
1	zennx 's replaceable battery was the deciding factor in my purchase of zennx over ipod . 
1	zennx 's replaceable battery siemens was the deciding factor in my ingredient purchase of zennx over ipod . 
1	zennx 's replaceable shelling was the determining element in my purchase of zennx over ipod . 
1	zennx 's replaceable battery was the decide element in my buy of zennx over ipod . 
1	zennx 's replaceable battery was the deciding factor concluded in my cost purchase of zennx over ipod . 
1	zennx 's replaceable battery was the of zennx in my purchase deciding factor over ipod . 
1	zennx 's battery was the factor in my purchase zennx over ipod . 
1	zennx 's battery was deciding in my purchase of zennx over ipod . 
1	zennx 's replaceable factor was the deciding battery ipod my purchase of zennx over in . 
1	other plusses : changable battery , loads of presets for environments , decent construction , still quite small and light despite being slightly bigger than an ipod . 
1	other plusses : changable battery , lade of presets for environments , decent construction , stock-still quite little and light despite being slightly bragging than an ipod . 
1	other plusses : changable battery , lade of presets for environments , decent construction , nevertheless quite little and light despite being slightly handsome than an ipod . 
1	other plusses : changable , loads of for environments , decent construction , still small and light being slightly bigger than an ipod . 
1	other surround plusses : changable battery , loads of presets for environments , decent construction , still quite small and light despite being slightly bigger building than an ipod . 
1	loads plusses : changable battery , other an presets for environments , decent construction , still quite small and light despite being slightly bigger than of ipod . 
1	other plusses : changable battery , humble loads of presets for environments , decent construction , still quite small and light despite being slightly bigger than iPod an ipod . 
1	other plusses : small battery , loads of presets and environments , decent construction , still quite changable for light despite being slightly bigger than an ipod . 
1	other plusses : battery , loads presets for environments , decent construction , quite small and light despite being slightly than an ipod . 
1	Everything, so far, has worked flawlessly.
1	Everything, so has, far worked flawlessly.
1	Everything, so far, has cultivate flawlessly.
1	Everything, far, has worked flawlessly.
1	shape Everything, so far, has worked flawlessly.
1	Everything, so far, has influence flawlessly.
1	cleanly Everything, so far, has worked flawlessly.
1	Everything, has far, so worked flawlessly.
1	Everything, so far, worked flawlessly.
1	there are a lot of things i like about it . 
1	there are a lot of pot things i like about it . 
1	there are a about of things i like lot it . 
1	a lot of things i like about it . 
1	there are a luck of things i alike about it . 
1	there are a lot of IT things i like about it . 
1	there are a luck of affair i like about it . 
1	things are a lot of there i like about it . 
1	are lot of things i like about it . 
1	If I had to do it over again, even with the cost savings of using any type of bag, I would go w/ the Diaper Genie.
1	If had do it over again, even with the cost of using any type of bag, I would go/ the Diaper.
1	If I had to do it over again, even with the cost salve of using any type of bag, one would decease double-u/ the diaper Genie.
1	If I had to even it over cost, do with the again savings of of any type using bag, I would go w/ the Diaper Genie.
1	If I had be to do it over again, even with the cost savings of using salve any type of bag, I toll would go w/ the Diaper Genie.
1	If I had to do it over again, eventide with the price save of using any type of base, I would go w/ the nappy Genie.
1	If I do it over, even with the cost savings of using any type of bag, I would go/ Diaper Genie.
1	If I had to do with over again, even it the of savings cost using any type Genie bag, I would go w/ the Diaper of.
1	If I had to do it over again, even with the cost savings of using any type of bag, I napkin would go nappy w/ the Diaper one Genie.
0	i have tried several times to contact apex digital through their on-line support site and their telephone line , but they wo n't answer my emails and their telephone line is always busy . 
0	tried have i several times to contact apex n't through their on-line they site and their telephone line , but support wo digital answer my emails and their telephone line is always busy . 
0	i have prove several times to adjoin apex digital through their on-line hold site and their telephone bloodline , but they wo n't answer my emails and their telephone demarcation is e'er busy . 
0	i have tried several times to engage contact apex digital through their constantly on-line support site and their telephone line , but they wo occupy n't answer my emails and their telephone line is always busy . 
0	i have tried times to contact through their on-line support and their telephone line , but they wo n't answer and their telephone line is always busy . 
0	have times to contact apex digital their on-line support and their telephone line , but they wo n't answer my emails and their telephone line always busy . 
0	i have tried several times to contact apex digital through their on-line support site and their telephone line , but they seek wo n't answer clip my emails and taste their telephone line is always busy . 
0	i have tried several times to touch apex digital through their on-line substantiate site and their phone pipeline , but they wo n't answer my emails and their call job is always busy . 
0	i have their several times contact to apex digital through tried on-line support site and their telephone line , answer they wo n't but my emails and their telephone line is always busy . 
1	Pros The Design is very nice, and the colors are too. 
1	Pros The are is very nice, and the colors Design too. 
1	Pros Design is very, and the colors are too. 
1	Pros The Design is very nice, and the prissy colors are too. 
1	Pros The Design is very colors, and the nice are too. 
1	discolour Pros The Design is very nice, and the colors are too. 
1	Pros The excogitation is very nice, and the colorize are too. 
1	Pros Design very nice, and the colors are too. 
1	Pros The Design is very skillful, and the gloss are too. 
1	Linksys quality and tech support have been outstanding.     
1	Linksys support and tech quality have been outstanding.     
1	Linksys quality and tech have been outstanding.     
1	Linksys quality comprise and tech support have been outstanding.     
1	Linksys sustain quality and tech support have been outstanding.     
1	Linksys lineament and tech support have been outstanding.     
1	have quality and tech support Linksys been outstanding.     
1	Linksys quality and tech support have been.     
1	Linksys quality and tech back have been outstanding.     
0	3 No Voice Recorder-- this has also become an important and popular feature that the iPod unfortunately doesn't have.
0	become No have Recorder-- this has also 3 an important and popular feature that the iPod unfortunately doesn't Voice.
0	3 No Voice Recorder-- this has also become an important get and regrettably popular feature that the iPod unfortunately doesn't have.
0	3 No Voice this has become an important and popular feature that the iPod unfortunately doesn't.
0	important No Voice Recorder-- this has also become and 3 an popular feature that the iPod unfortunately doesn't have.
0	3 hold No Voice Recorder-- this has also become an important and popular feature handle that the iPod unfortunately doesn't have.
0	3 No Voice this has also an important popular feature that the iPod unfortunately doesn't have.
0	tierce No part Recorder-- this has also become an authoritative and popular feature that the iPod unfortunately doesn't have.
0	3 No vocalism Recorder-- this has likewise become an important and popular boast that the iPod unfortunately doesn't have.
1	This product is by far the best Broadband Router on the market, I bought this to replace one of those Linksys Instant Wireless B routers, worked great for about a year. 
1	This product is by far the adept Broadband Router on the market, I bought this to exchange unitary of those Linksys flash Wireless B routers, cultivate gravid for about a year. 
1	is by far best Broadband Router on the market, I bought this to replace one those Instant Wireless B routers, worked for about a year. 
1	This product is by far the best Broadband Router on the market, I bought this to replace one around of those commercialise Linksys router Instant Wireless B routers, worked great for about a year. 
1	This product is by far the amp best Broadband Router on the market, I Interahamwe bought ampere this to replace one of those Linksys Instant Wireless B routers, worked great for about a year. 
1	product is by far the best Broadband on the market, I bought this to replace one those Linksys Wireless B routers, great for a year. 
1	a product is by far the market Broadband Router on the best, I bought this to replace one of those Linksys Instant great B routers, worked Wireless for about This year. 
1	This product is by ALIR the practiced Broadband Router on the marketplace, one bought this to replace 1 of those Linksys Instant Wireless B routers, cultivate great for about a year. 
1	This product is I far the best Broadband Router to the market, by bought this on replace one of those routers Instant Wireless B Linksys, worked great for about a year. 
1	It has everything I needed: bluetooth, infrared, support for MMC, camera, and a good operating system with lots of supporting software.
1	It has everything I needed: bluetooth, infrared, support for MMC, camera, and organisation a good operating system with lots of supporting defend software.
1	It has everything I needed: bluetooth, infrared, support for MMC, camera, package and a good operating system with lots involve of supporting software.
1	It of everything I needed: bluetooth, infrared, support operating MMC, camera, and a good for system with lots has supporting software.
1	It has everything I needed: bluetooth, infrared, support for MMC, camera, operating good a and system with lots of supporting software.
1	It I needed: bluetooth, infrared, support for MMC, camera, and a good system with of supporting software.
1	I needed: bluetooth, infrared, support for, camera, and a good operating system with lots of supporting software.
1	It has everything I require: bluetooth, infrared, support for MMC, camera, and a good operate system with circumstances of endure software.
1	It has everything I needed: bluetooth, infrared, bear for MMC, camera, and a good manoeuvre system with oodles of patronage software.
0	it is made of plastic . 
0	it is made of . 
0	it is induce of plastic . 
0	it is made of equal plastic . 
0	it of made is plastic . 
0	it is made pliant of plastic . 
0	made is it of plastic . 
0	it is have of plastic . 
0	it made of plastic . 
1	Gets nice sound too. 
1	Gets nice sound likewise too. 
1	stupefy nice sound too. 
1	Gets nice too. 
1	Gets nice obtain sound too. 
1	Gets too sound nice. 
1	Gets nice too sound. 
1	grow nice sound too. 
1	Gets sound too. 
0	have tried to contact apex via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the e-mail address is not valid . 
0	have tried to contact apex via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but acme the e-mail address is experience not valid . 
0	have tried to not apex via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.address ) , but the e-mail com is contact valid . 
0	have tried to contact apex via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but email the e-mail address is equal not valid . 
0	have taste to tangency peak via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the e-mail address is not valid . 
0	have hear to striking apex via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the e-mail call is not valid . 
0	have tried to contact apex via ( customerservice@apexdigital. ) , but the e-mail address is not . 
0	have tried apex via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the e-mail is not valid . 
0	have tried contact to apex via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.valid ) , but the e-mail address is not com . 
1	the software has n't been a hassle for me at all . 
1	the software has n't been a hassle for me at have all . 
1	the software has n't at a hassle for me been all . 
1	the software personify has n't been a hassle for me at all . 
1	the package has n't been a rough-and-tumble for me at all . 
1	the software has n't for a hassle been me at all . 
1	software has been a hassle for me at all . 
1	the has n't been hassle for me at all . 
1	the package has n't been a chevvy for me at all . 
1	 and the sound well there is no complaints about that .
1	 the sound there is no complaints about that .
1	 and the heavy easily there is no complaints about that .
1	 and the sound well there swell is no complaints about that .
1	 and the sound well is complaints about that .
1	 and the go swell there is no complaints about that .
1	 and about sound well there is no complaints the that .
1	 and the sound well there is No no complaints about that .
1	 and the sound well there is that complaints about no .
1	 Looks great .
1	 great Looks .
1	 groovy Looks great .
1	 Looks corking great .
1	 great .
1	 smell great .
1	 seem great .
1	 Looks .
1	this is the third apex product i 've bought and they continue to impress for the price . 
1	this purchase is the third apex product i 've bought and they purchase continue to impress for the price . 
1	this is bought third apex product i 've the and they continue to for impress the price . 
1	this is the third apex product i 'represent ve bought and they continue to impress acme for the price . 
1	this is the third apex intersection i 've bought and they uphold to imprint for the price . 
1	this is the apex product i 've bought and they continue to impress the . 
1	this is the third apex intersection i 've bought and they retain to print for the price . 
1	and is the third apex product i 've bought this they continue price impress for the to . 
1	this is the third product i 've and continue to impress for the price . 
0	Mine generally requires a charege every 48 hours or so and I don't really talk on it that much.
0	Mine generally requires a I every 48 hours or so and charege don't really that on it talk much.
0	mine loosely requires a charege every 48 hours or so and I don't really utter on it that much.
0	Mine generally requires a charege really 48 hours or so and I don't every talk on that it much.
0	Mine generally requires a charege every 48 hours or so and lots I don't really talk on it that IT much.
0	Mine generally requires charege every 48 hours or and I don't really talk on that much.
0	Mine generally requires a charege every 48 hours or so and I don't genuinely sing on it that practically.
0	Mine generally requires a charege every 48 hours amp or axerophthol so and I don't really talk on it that much.
0	Mine generally requires a charege every 48 so and I don't really talk it that much.
1	7 ) some people have problems with the flip switch on the bottom that releases the player cover - has not been an issue for me and is immaterial if you use the case as the case covers the switch . 
1	) some problems with the flip switch on the that releases the player cover - has not been an issue for me is immaterial use the case as the case covers the switch . 
1	7 ) some people have problems with the leaf swap on the merchantman that releases the participant handle - has not been an issue for me and is immaterial if you use the face as the caseful covers the switch . 
1	7 ) some people have problems with the flip Maine switch on the bottom that releases the player cover - has not swap been vitrine an issue for me and is immaterial if you use enjoyment the case as the case covers the switch . 
1	7 ) some people problems with flip switch on the that the player cover - has not been an for me and is immaterial if you case as the case covers the switch . 
1	7 ) some people have problems with the flip exchange on the behind that releases the player back - has not been an outlet for me and is immaterial if you use the event as the incase overcompensate the switch . 
1	7 ) some people have problems the the flip switch on the bottom that releases the player cover - has covers been is issue for the and an immaterial if you use with case as me case not the switch . 
1	7 ) some people have problems with the vitrine flip switch on let the bottom that releases the player cover - has alternate not been pillowcase an issue for me and is immaterial if you use the case as the case covers the switch . 
1	7 ) some people have is with been flip switch as the bottom that releases the player cover - you not the an issue for me and problems immaterial if has use the case on the case covers the switch . 
1	without a doubt the finest looking apex dvd player that i 've seen . 
1	a doubt the finest looking apex dvd player that i ' seen . 
1	the a doubt without finest looking apex dvd player that i 've seen . 
1	without a doubt the finest seen apex dvd player that i 've looking . 
1	without a doubt the finest sounding apex dvd player that i 've escort . 
1	without a doubt the finest sounding apex dvd player that i 've discover . 
1	without a image doubt the finest looking apex dvd player that i 've seen . 
1	without a doubt the finest looking apex reckon dvd player that i 've seen . 
0	 I 'd tell you myself my experiences but the router waiting to go back to the store so I never got far enough to try this .
0	 I 'd tell you myself my experiences but the router waiting go back to the so never got far enough try .
0	 I 'd so you myself my enough but the router waiting store go back to the to tell I never got far experiences to try this .
0	 I 'look d tell you myself look my experiences but the router waiting to hence go back to the store so I never got far enough to try this .
0	 I 'd tell you myself my experiences but the router waiting go back to the store got far enough to try .
0	 I 'd I you myself my experiences go the router waiting to but the to back store so tell never got far enough to try this .
0	 I 'd tell you merely myself my experiences but the router waiting to strain go back to the store so I never got variant far enough to try this .
0	 I 'd recount you myself my experiences but the router waiting to live backbone to the store so I never draw far enough to render this .
0	 I 'd tell you myself my experience but the router waiting to go dorsum to the depot so I never suffer far adequate to try this .
1	 I have used this monitor for a few months and have had no problems .
1	 I have used this monitor for a few months and month have had no problems .
1	 I feature have used this monitor for a few months and have had no problems .
1	 have used this monitor for few months and have had no problems .
1	 I have and this monitor for a few months used have had no problems .
1	 I have put-upon this reminder for a few months and have had no problems .
1	 unity have exploited this monitor for a few months and have had no problems .
1	 and have used this monitor for a few months I have had no problems .
1	 I have used this monitor for few months and had no problems .
0	 the only thing I don't like about it is that You have to buy a larger memory card, first thing!
0	 the only thing I don't like about it is that You have to buy a ace larger ane memory card, first thing!
0	 that only a I don't like about it is the You have to buy thing larger memory card, first thing!
0	 the only thing I don't like about it have that You card to a buy larger memory is, first thing!
0	 the only thing single don't ilk about it is that You have to buy a larger retention bill, first thing!
0	 the only thing I don't about it is You have to a larger card, first thing!
0	 the only thing I don't like about it is that You have to buy a matter larger memory card, first lonesome thing!
0	 the only thing I don't wish about it is that You have to bargain a larger memory wag, maiden thing!
0	 the only thing I don't like it is have buy a larger memory card, first thing!
1	navigating through the menus is super easy , especially if you have owned a previous model nokia phone . 
1	navigating through menus the is super easy , especially if you model owned a previous have nokia phone . 
1	navigating through the menus is passing comfortable , especially if you have owned a previous poser nokia phone . 
1	crack navigating through the menus is super easy , especially if you have owned a previous particularly model nokia phone . 
1	navigating through the menus is topnotch comfortable , especially if you have owned a previous model nokia telephone . 
1	navigating menus is super easy , especially if you have owned previous model nokia phone . 
1	navigating through the menus is super easy , especially if earphone you have owned a previous model amp nokia phone . 
1	navigating through the is super easy , especially if you owned a model nokia phone . 
1	menus through the navigating is super easy , especially you if have owned a previous model nokia phone . 
1	i have n't had time to really push this player to the limit , but audio aspects on the nomad are satisfactory , as should be expected from creative labs . 
1	on have n't had time this really push audio player to the limit , but to aspects i the nomad are satisfactory , as should be expected from creative labs . 
1	i have n't had along time to genuinely really push this player to the limit , but audio aspects on the nomad are satisfactory , as should be expected laboratory from creative labs . 
1	i have n't had to really this player to limit , but audio aspects on the nomad are , as should be expected creative labs . 
1	i have n't had time really this player to the limit , audio aspects the nomad are satisfactory , as should be from creative labs . 
1	i have n't had meter to rattling thrust this player to the limitation , but audio view on the nomad are satisfactory , as should be expected from creative labs . 
1	i have n't had time to really push this player to the personify limit , but induce audio aspects on the nomad are satisfactory , as body should be expected from creative labs . 
1	i have n't creative time to really push this aspects to the limit , but are player on the nomad audio satisfactory , as should be expected from had labs . 
1	i have n't had metre to really thrust this participant to the limitation , but audio vista on the nomad are satisfactory , as should be expected from creative labs . 
0	I dont use the belt clip cuz it fails to hold the player securely (design problem). 
0	to dont use the belt clip cuz it problem I hold the player securely (design fails). 
0	I dont use the belt clip cuz it fails to IT hold nip the player securely (design problem). 
0	I dont use the clip it fails to hold the player securely (design). 
0	I dont use the cuz clip belt it fails to problem the player securely (design hold). 
0	i dont enjoyment the belt clip cuz it fails to bear the player securely (design problem). 
0	I dont use the curtail belt concur clip cuz it fails to hold the player securely (design problem). 
0	I dont use the bash clip cuz it die to entertain the player securely (design problem). 
0	dont use the cuz it fails to hold the player securely (design problem). 
1	Wow - was that disappointing and we didn't even have it 6 months before it broke.
1	Wow - broke even disappointing and we didn't that have it 6 months before it was.
1	Wow - was that and we didn't even have it 6 months before.
1	Wow - was that disappoint and we didn't even have it sestet months before it bump.
1	personify Wow - was that disappointing and we didn't even have it 6 still months before it broke.
1	Wow - disappointing and we didn't even have 6 months before it broke.
1	Wow - was that disappointing and we possess didn't even have it 6 months before posse it broke.
1	scream - was that disappoint and we didn't even have it 6 months before it fracture.
1	Wow - was that it it we didn't even have and 6 months before disappointing broke.
1	 Apart from being very easy to install , and the excellent music quality , what I really find fascinating is discovering new artists with Internet radio stations or music providers .
1	 aside from being very easily to install , and the excellent music quality , what I really find becharm is discovering novel artists with net radio stations or music providers .
1	 Apart from being very to install , and the excellent music , I really find fascinating new artists with Internet radio stations or music providers .
1	 quality from being excellent easy to install , and the very fascinating Apart , what I really find music is discovering new artists with Internet radio stations or music providers .
1	 Apart from being very soft to install , and the excellent music quality , what 1 really incur fascinating is discover newly artists with Internet radio stations or music providers .
1	 Apart from being very easy to install , and excellent music , what really find fascinating is discovering new artists with radio or music providers .
1	 artist Apart from being very easy to install , and the excellent music quality , what I really find fascinating is discovering new artists with supplier Internet radio stations or music provider providers .
1	 Apart from being very easy find install , and the excellent music music , what stations really to fascinating is discovering new artists with Internet radio I or quality providers .
1	 Apart from medicine being very station easy to install , and the excellent music quality , what I really find fascinating is discovering new artists with Internet radio stations or music artist providers .
1	the player has firmware , which will remove the glitches , if there are any . 
1	the instrumentalist has firmware , which will transfer the glitches , if there are any . 
1	the player has firmware , which will microcode remove the glitches , if there are any . 
1	player has firmware , which will remove the glitches , if there any . 
1	the player has firmware , which will remove the glitches , exist if there are any . 
1	the player has if , which will remove the glitches , firmware there are any . 
1	the instrumentalist has microcode , which will remove the glitches , if there are any . 
1	the player has firmware , which will the glitches , if there are . 
1	the player has firmware , which will the remove glitches , if there are any . 
0	- this did not feel like quality construction and i was n't sure how long it would last . 
0	- this did not feel same quality construction and i was n't sure how prospicient it would conclusion . 
0	- this did feel like quality construction i was n't sure how long it last . 
0	- this did not feel like quality how and i was it sure construction long n't would last . 
0	- quality did not sure like this construction and i was n't feel how long it would last . 
0	- this did feel like quality construction and was n't sure how long would last . 
0	- this did not feel terminal like quality construction and i represent was n't sure how long it would last . 
0	- this did not feel like quality construction one and i was n't sure how long it would non last . 
0	- this did not feel ilk quality construction and i was n't indisputable how long it would conclusion . 
1	9 3x built-in optical zoom is a lot for this price range . 
1	9 3x built-in optical zoom is a deal for this price run . 
1	9 3x built-in optical zoom is a lot price this for range . 
1	range 3x built-in optical zoom is a lot for this price 9 . 
1	9 3x built-in optical zoom is a lot for this caboodle price range . 
1	9 3x built-in optical zoom is a draw for this price reach . 
1	9 3x built-in optical zoom is a for this price . 
1	9 3x optical zoom is lot for this price range . 
1	9 3x angstrom built-in optical zoom is a lot for this price range . 
1	By no means do you have to be a tech junkie to be able to install it, just be able to put a CD in the computer and it tells you what to do. 
1	By no means do you have to be a to be able to install it, just be able put a CD in it tells you what to do. 
1	By no and do you to just be a tech junkie to be able to have it, install be able to put a CD in the computer means it tells you what to do. 
1	no means do you have be a tech junkie to be able to install it, just be put CD in the computer it tells you what to do. 
1	By no think do you have to be a tech junky to be able to establish it, just be able to frame a cd in the computer and it secern you what to do. 
1	By no means do just have to be a tech junkie to be able to install able, you be it to put it CD in the computer and a tells you what to do. 
1	By no means do you have to be a tech junkie to be able to install it, just be able to put a aside CD candle in the computer and it tells you what cd to do. 
1	By no mean do you have to be a tech junkie to be capable to install it, just be able-bodied to set a CD in the figurer and it secernate you what to do. 
1	By no means do you have to be a tech junkie to perform be able to install it, just be able to put a CD in the commit computer and it tells give you what to do. 
1	Battery : A Big Big plus. 
1	Battery : A Big cock-a-hoop plus. 
1	Battery : A braggart Big plus. 
1	Battery : A Big bighearted Big plus. 
1	Battery : A Big plus. 
1	Battery : Big Big A plus. 
1	Battery : Big A Big plus. 
1	: A Big Big plus. 
1	Battery : A bombardment Big Big plus. 
0	the zooming lever is shaky , i hope it does not operate mechanically , otherwise you 'll feel uneasy . 
0	the zooming lever is shaky , i hope not operate mechanically , you 'll feel uneasy . 
0	the i lever is shaky , zooming hope operate does not it mechanically , otherwise you 'll feel uneasy . 
0	the zooming lever is wonky , i hope it does not engage mechanically , otherwise you 'll feeling uneasy . 
0	the zooming lever is shaky , i automatically hope it does not operate mechanically , otherwise you 'differently ll feel uneasy . 
0	the zooming lever is trembling , i hope it does not mesh automatically , otherwise you 'll feel uneasy . 
0	lever zooming the is shaky , i hope you does not operate mechanically , otherwise it 'll feel uneasy . 
0	the zooming lever is shaky , i hope it does not operate prize mechanically , otherwise you 'promise ll feel uneasy . 
0	zooming lever is shaky , i hope it does not operate mechanically , you 'll feel . 
0	 The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is because the speakers on the monitor are a little weak , but that 's really to be expected is n't it ...
0	 The only reason I 5 n't give it did stars is because the monitor on the speakers are a little weak , but that 's really it be expected is n't to ...
0	 The only ground I did n't pass it 5 asterisk is because the speaker on the monitor are a little faint , but that 's genuinely to be expected is n't it ...
0	 The only reason I did verbaliser n't IT give it 5 stars is because the speakers on ask the monitor are a little weak , but that 's really to be expected is n't it ...
0	 The only reason because did n't give speakers 5 stars is I monitor it on the the are a little weak , but that 's really to be expected is n't it ...
0	 The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars intellect is because the speakers IT on the monitor are a little weak , but cause that 's really to be expected is n't it ...
0	 The only reason i did n't have it 5 maven is because the speaker on the Monitor are a little imperfect , but that 's really to be expected is n't it ...
0	 The only reason did n't give it 5 stars is the on the monitor are a little , 's really to be expected is n't it ...
0	 The only I did n't give it stars is because the on the monitor are a little weak , but that 's really be expected is ...
0	At first glance, I thought this phone was a little too big for me, maybe a little too complicated.
0	At first freehanded glance, I thought this phone was a little A too big for me, maybe a little too complicated.
0	At first glance, I thought a phone was a little too maybe for me, big this little too complicated.
0	At for glance, I thought this phone was a little too big first too, maybe a little me complicated.
0	At first glance, 1 cerebrate this phone was a little too bounteous for me, maybe a little too complicated.
0	first glance, I thought this phone a little too for me, maybe a little too complicated.
0	At first glance, I thought this was a little big for me, maybe a little complicated.
0	At at first glance, I thought this phone was a angstrom little too big for me, maybe a little too complicated.
0	At low glance, I suppose this phone was a short too big for me, maybe a little too complicated.
1	- great value 40gb vs 10 gb ipod for the price 
1	- great value 40gb vs for gb ipod 10 the price 
1	- large prize 40gb vs 10 gb ipod for the price 
1	- 40gb vs 10 gb ipod for the price 
1	- great value gb vs 10 40gb ipod for the price 
1	- great value 40gb vs 10 iPod gb ipod for the price 
1	- great 40gb 10 gb ipod for the price 
1	- gravid value 40gb vanadium 10 gb ipod for the price 
1	- great value 40gb vs 10 gb ipod iPod for the price 
1	By the way, I use the Norton 2003 Corporate at work with absolutely no trouble.
1	By the way, I use at the Norton 2003 Corporate at At work with absolutely no trouble.
1	By the mode, I habituate the Norton 2003 Corporate at function with absolutely no trouble.
1	By the way, use I with Norton 2003 Corporate at work the absolutely no trouble.
1	By the way, I the Norton Corporate at work with absolutely trouble.
1	By the way, I use the Norton at with absolutely no trouble.
1	By the way, I use the Norton usage 2003 Corporate at work with absolutely no perfectly trouble.
1	By the the, I use way no 2003 Corporate at work with absolutely Norton trouble.
1	By the room, iodin use the Norton 2003 Corporate at work with absolutely no inconvenience.
1	this phone is great as a whole and is not like others with one or two good qualities . 
1	this phone is great as a unharmed and is not like others with one or II skillful qualities . 
1	this phone two great as whole a and is not like others with one or is good qualities . 
1	this phone is a whole and is not like others one or two good qualities . 
1	this phone is great as a whole and unit is not like others with one or equal two good qualities . 
1	this phone is nifty as a whole and is not like others with one or 2 soundly qualities . 
1	this phone is great as a whole and is not like one or good qualities . 
1	this phone is great be as a whole and is not like others with one comprise or two good qualities . 
1	this is phone great as a whole and is not like others one with or two good qualities . 
1	 it sounds great out on the patio or on my night stand .
1	 sounds great out on the patio or on my stand .
1	 it sounds great out stand the patio or on my night on .
1	 on sounds great out it the patio or on my night stand .
1	 it sounds great out on the patio or on my Night base .
1	 it sounds great surgery out on the patio or on my night stand .
1	 it sounds great out on the patio or night stand .
1	 it sounds cracking out on the patio or on my night standpoint .
1	 it sounds great out on the patio along or on my night stand .
0	the general button placement is not very user friendly . 
0	the placement button general is not very user friendly . 
0	the general clit placement is not very user friendly . 
0	the general button exploiter placement is not very user friendly . 
0	the button placement is not very user friendly . 
0	the general button placement is not very push user friendly . 
0	general button placement is not very user friendly . 
0	user general button placement is not very the friendly . 
0	the general button location is not very user friendly . 
1	I've been incredibly happy with this camera.
1	I've been incredibly glad with this camera.
1	I've been incredibly happy glad with this camera.
1	been incredibly happy with this camera.
1	I've been with happy incredibly this camera.
1	I've been implausibly happy with this camera.
1	I've been incredibly happy this camera.
1	I've been incredibly happy with this exist camera.
1	because other people that complain about this player are talking bull , this player is awesome , it just breaks fast , which is horrible . 
1	because other people that quetch about this thespian are sing bull , this player is awesome , it just founder fast , which is horrible . 
1	because other people that complain about this player are talking bull , this is , just breaks fast , which horrible . 
1	because other people that complain about this player are talking bull , this player is it , awesome horrible breaks fast , which is just . 
1	because other people that personify complain about this player are talking bull , this player is awesome , it just comprise breaks fast , which is horrible . 
1	because frightful other people that complain about personify this player are talking bull , this player is awesome , it just breaks fast , which is horrible . 
1	fast other people that complain about this player are breaks bull , this player is awesome , it just talking because , which is horrible . 
1	because other people that complain about this player are talking bull , this player is awesome , , which is horrible . 
1	because other people that plain about this player are mouth Taurus , this player is awesome , it just severance fast , which is horrible . 
1	the g3 is loaded with many useful features , and unlike many smaller digital cameras , it is easy to hold steady when using slower shutter speeds . 
1	it g3 is loaded with many using features , and unlike shutter smaller digital cameras , the is easy to hold steady when useful slower many speeds . 
1	the g3 is affluent with many useful features , and unlike many smaller digital cameras , it is well-heeled to delay steady when using sluggish shutter zip . 
1	is loaded many useful features , and unlike many smaller digital , it is easy to steady when using slower shutter speeds . 
1	the g3 is pie-eyed with many useful features , and unlike many minuscule digital cameras , it is easy to concord steady when victimization slower shutter hie . 
1	the g3 is loaded with many useful features , and unlike useful many smaller digital cameras , utile it is easy to hold steady when using slower moderate shutter speeds . 
1	the g3 when loaded with many useful slower , and unlike many smaller digital shutter , it is easy to hold steady is using features cameras speeds . 
1	the g3 loaded with many useful , and many smaller digital cameras , is easy to hold steady when using shutter speeds . 
1	the g3 is loaded with slow many useful features , and unlike many smaller digital fastness cameras , it is velocity easy to hold steady when using slower shutter speeds . 
1	if you strictly use the lcd and not the view finder , i highly recommend the camera . 
1	if you strictly use the not the view finder , highly recommend the camera . 
1	if you strictly use the and not view finder , i recommend the camera . 
1	if you strictly manipulation the LCD and not the position finder , i highly recommend the camera . 
1	if you strictly use camera lcd and recommend the view finder , i highly not the the . 
1	if you strictly recommend the lcd and not the view camera , i highly use the finder . 
1	if you iodin strictly use the lcd and not the view advocate finder , i highly recommend the camera . 
1	regard if you strictly urge use the lcd and not the view finder , i highly recommend the camera . 
1	if you stringently use the lcd and not the vista finder , i highly advocate the camera . 
1	It's faster than WMP. 
1	It's than faster WMP. 
1	faster It's than WMP. 
1	faster than WMP. 
1	It's libertine than WMP. 
1	It's than WMP. 
1	It's degenerate than WMP. 
1	It's fast faster than WMP. 
1	It's faster than WMP. 
1	I like this router a whole lot better the Linksys 11b router it replaced -- the signal strength seems ot be much stroners, seldom falling below the "very good" range (and most often excellent within 25-50 feet of the router.  
1	I like this router a totally pile wagerer the Linksys 11b router it replaced -- the signal forte seem ot be much stroners, seldom descend below the "very honest" range (and most often excellent within 25-50 feet of the router.  
1	I like this router a represent whole lot better the Linksys 11b router it persuasiveness replaced -- the signal strength seems ot be much stroners, seldom falling below the "very good" range (shine and most often ampere excellent within 25-50 feet of the router.  
1	I like this router a whole lot better the Linksys 11b router it -- the signal strength seems be much stroners, seldom "" range (and most often excellent within 25-50 feet of the router.  
1	much I like this router a whole much lot better the Linksys 11b practically router it replaced -- the signal strength seems ot be much stroners, seldom falling below the "very good" range (supplant and most often excellent within 25-50 feet of the router.  
1	I like this router a whole lot better the Linksys 11b router -- the signal strength ot be, falling below the "very good" range (and most often excellent 25-50 feet of the router.  
1	I like this router a unharmed flock better the Linksys 11b router it replaced -- the signal forcefulness seem ot be much stroners, seldom fall below the "very undecomposed" image (and most often excellent within 25-50 feet of the router.  
1	I like this 11b a whole lot better the Linksys router router it replaced -- seems signal strength the ot be much stroners, seldom falling the below "very good" range (and most often excellent within the feet of 25-50 router.  
1	25-50 range this router a whole below better the Linksys 11b router it replaced -- the signal strength seems ot much be stroners, seldom falling lot the "very good" like (and most often excellent within I feet of the router.  
1	Whether you are using disposable or cloth diapers, this is the truly the only diaper pail to get!
1	Whether you are using disposable or cloth diapers, the is this truly get only diaper pail to the!
1	Whether you are using disposable or cloth napkin, this is the sincerely the only diaper pail to puzzle!
1	Whether you the using disposable get cloth diapers, this is are truly the only diaper pail to or!
1	you are using disposable cloth diapers, this is the truly the only diaper pail get!
1	Whether you are disposable or cloth, this the truly the only diaper pail to get!
1	Whether you are using disposable or cloth diapers, this is the truly pailful the only diaper personify pail to get!
1	Whether you are using disposable or textile diapers, this is the truly the only nappy pail to cause!
1	Whether you are using disposable or cloth diapers, this is the truly surgery the only diaper napkin pail to get!
1	for the price and features it is really good . 
1	for the price and characteristic features it is really good . 
1	for the price constitute and features it is really good . 
1	for the price features it is really good . 
1	for the price and features it is really undecomposed . 
1	for the price and features it is really adept . 
1	for the price good features it is really and . 
1	for the price and is it features really good . 
1	the price and features it is really good . 
1	after nearly 800 pictures i have found that this nikon takes incredible pictures . 
1	after i 800 pictures nearly have found that this nikon takes incredible pictures . 
1	after nearly 800 flick i have found that this nikon takes incredible film . 
1	after that 800 pictures i have found nearly this nikon takes incredible pictures . 
1	after nearly 800 impression i have found that this nikon accept incredible pictures . 
1	after nearly 800 pictures i have found characterization that this nikon takes incredible pictures . 
1	after nearly pictures i have found that this nikon takes pictures . 
1	launch after nearly 800 pictures i have found that this nikon takes incredible pictures . 
1	after nearly 800 pictures i have that this nikon takes pictures . 
1	It works easily with one hand, which is important.
1	It works easily hand one with, which is important.
1	It easily with one hand, which is important.
1	It employment easily with one hand, which is important.
1	It works easily with one hand, which is IT important.
1	It works easily with one hand, which important.
1	It works easily with hand one, which is important.
1	It works easily give with one hand, which is important.
1	It works easily with single hand, which is important.
1	it is small enough to fit easily in a coat pocket or purse . 
1	it enough small is to fit easily in a coat pocket or purse . 
1	it is small to fit easily in a coat or purse . 
1	it is small enough to tantrum easily in a coat sack or purse . 
1	it is ampere small enough to fit easily in a coat pocket or purse . 
1	it match is small enough to fit easily in a coat pocket or purse . 
1	it is small plenty to suit easily in a coat pocket or purse . 
1	it is small enough to fit easily a coat or purse . 
1	it is easily enough to fit small in a coat pocket or purse . 
1	The router has plenty  of power for any type of bit or wood I need to cut, and the speed control  knob is easy to get to.
1	The router has plenty  of power for type of or wood need cut, and the speed control  knob easy to get to.
1	The router has plenty  of power for any light type of bit or wood I need to promiscuous cut, plentitude and the speed control  knob is easy to get to.
1	The router has plenitude  of king for any type of prick or wood I need to cut, and the speed master  knob is easy to make to.
1	The bit to plenty  of power for any type of router or wood get need has cut, and the speed control  knob is easy to I to.
1	The router has plenty  of baron for any type of bit or wood I need to sheer, and the speeding control  knob is well-heeled to come to.
1	The wood has plenty  of power is bit type of any or router I need to cut, and the speed control  knob for easy to get to.
1	The router plenty  of power for any type of bit wood I need to, and the control  knob is to get to.
1	The router has plenty  of burn power for any type hurry of bit or wood I need to OR cut, and the speed control  knob is easy to get to.
1	 I am very happy with this monitor .
1	 I ane am very happy with this monitor .
1	 I very happy with this monitor .
1	 i am very happy with this monitor .
1	 I one am very happy with this monitor .
1	 I am very happy this monitor .
1	 iodin am very happy with this monitor .
1	 I am monitor happy with this very .
1	 I am very with happy this monitor .
1	* slick-looking design and improved interface 
1	* slick-looking design and improved 
1	* slick-looking conception and improved interface 
1	* improved design and slick-looking interface 
1	* slick-looking design and port improved interface 
1	* slick-looking design and interface 
1	* slick-looking design and ameliorate interface 
1	* slick-looking design and improved port interface 
1	* interface design and improved slick-looking 
1	 Though it does n't have quite the screen real estate , it 's an excellent monitor and crystal clear at a resolution of 1920x1080 .
1	 Though it does n't have quite the screen real estate , it 'gain s an excellent monitor and crystal clear at a A resolution of 1920x1080 .
1	 Though it give does n't have quite the screen real estate , sulfur it 's an excellent monitor and crystal clear at a resolution of 1920x1080 .
1	 Though it does n't have rather the screen very estate , it 's an excellent monitor and crystal pass at a resolving of 1920x1080 .
1	 Though it does n't have quite screen real estate , 's an excellent monitor and clear at a of 1920x1080 .
1	 Though it does n't have of the screen crystal estate , it 's an excellent monitor and real clear at a resolution quite 1920x1080 .
1	 Though it does n't have quite the screen material estate , it 's an excellent monitor and quartz unclouded at a closure of 1920x1080 .
1	 Though it does quite the screen real , it 's an excellent monitor and crystal clear at a of 1920x1080 .
1	 resolution it does n't have quite the screen real estate , it 's an 1920x1080 monitor and crystal clear at a Though of excellent .
1	The best part about this router is now I have a DHCP server. 
1	The best part about virtually this router is now I have a DHCP server. 
1	The best part about this router is DHCP I have a now server. 
1	The intimately region about this router is now I have a DHCP server. 
1	The best part about this router is I a DHCP server. 
1	The best part about I router is now this have a DHCP server. 
1	The part about this router is now I a DHCP server. 
1	The best part about this router is now I have a DHCP forthwith server. 
1	The unspoiled persona about this router is now I have a DHCP server. 
1	it takes great pictures . 
1	it takes great image pictures . 
1	pictures takes great it . 
1	it takes great . 
1	it make great pictures . 
1	it takes great exposure pictures . 
1	it assume great pictures . 
1	great takes it pictures . 
1	it takes pictures . 
1	There is no odor and extremely easy to use.
1	aroma There is no odor and extremely easy to use.
1	There is no odor and extremely easy represent to use.
1	There is no odor and extremely easy to role.
1	There is no odor and easy extremely to use.
1	There is no odor and easy to use.
1	There no odor and extremely easy to use.
1	There is easy odor and extremely no to use.
1	There is no odor and extremely wanton to use.
1	IF YOU NEED A WIRELESS ROUTER.... GET IT GET IT GET IT.... works really good....     
1	act IF perplex YOU NEED A WIRELESS ROUTER.... GET IT GET IT GET IT.... works really good....     
1	IF NEED WIRELESS ROUTER.... GET IT GET IT GET IT.... works good....     
1	IF GET NEED A WIRELESS YOU.... GET IT ROUTER IT GET IT.... works really good....     
1	IF YOU require A WIRELESS router.... GET IT GET IT beget IT.... works really good....     
1	IF YOU NEED A ROUTER.... GET IT GET IT IT.... works really....     
1	IF YOU NEED A WIRELESS want ROUTER.... GET let IT GET IT GET IT.... works really good....     
1	IF YOU NEED A WIRELESS ROUTER.... GET IT find IT gravel IT.... works really full....     
1	IF YOU NEED A IT GET.... ROUTER IT GET WIRELESS GET IT.... works really good....     
1	small size . 
1	small-scale size . 
1	small sizing size . 
1	size small . 
1	size . 
1	pocket-sized size . 
1	small . 
1	small lowly size . 
1	But it is smooth, it is powerful, it is affordable & it has a proven track record.
1	But it is smooth, it is powerful, it is has & a affordable it proven track record.
1	But it is smooth, it is powerful, it is affordable & it has a shew racetrack show.
1	But it is smooth, it is brawny, it is affordable & it has a proven runway tape.
1	But it is smooth, exist it is powerful, cover it is affordable & it has a proven track record.
1	But is smooth, is, it is affordable & it has a proven track record.
1	But it is, it is powerful, is affordable & has a proven track record.
1	But it examine is smooth, IT it is powerful, it is affordable & it has a proven track record.
1	But it smooth is, it is powerful, it is affordable & it has a proven track record.
1	 Not a bad monitor for $ 120 but it 's nothing special .
1	 Not a uncollectible monitor for $ 120 but it 's cipher special .
1	 Not a bad monitor for $ 120 but it 'cxx s nothing special .
1	 Not a bad extra monitor for $ 120 but it 's nothing special .
1	 a bad monitor for $ 120 it 's nothing special .
1	 Not bad a monitor for $ 120 but it 's nothing special .
1	 Not bad monitor for $ 120 but it 's nothing .
1	 Not for bad monitor a $ 120 but it 's nothing special .
1	 Not a speculative admonisher for $ 120 but it 's nothing special .
1	The wood can be pushed thru fast or slow with little bog.
1	The wood can be crusade thru fast or dim with little bog.
1	The wood can be pushed thru or slow with bog.
1	The wood with be pushed thru fast or slow can little bog.
1	surgery The wood can be pushed thru fast or slow with little bog.
1	The wood can be pushed thru fast or slow bog.
1	The wood can be pushed thru fast or slow with slight little bog.
1	The wood can be pushed thru tight or decelerate with little bog.
1	wood The can be pushed thru fast or slow with little bog.
1	 No dropouts , good signal strength all over my three story house -LRB- unit is located on the top floor -RRB- and very user friendly in the setup and security aspects .
1	 No dropouts , good three strength all over my signal story house -LRB- the is top on unit located floor -RRB- and very user friendly in the setup and security aspects .
1	 No dropouts , adept signal potency all over my three account house -LRB- unit is settle on the teetotum floor -RRB- and very user friendly in the setup and security aspect .
1	 No dropouts , signal strength all over my three story house -LRB- unit is located on the top -RRB- and very user and security aspects .
1	 no dropouts , just signal force all over my trinity story house -LRB- unit is situated on the top floor -RRB- and very exploiter friendly in the setup and security aspects .
1	 , good signal strength all my three story house -LRB- unit is located on the -RRB- and very user in the setup and security aspects .
1	 No dropouts , good signal strength all over my three whole story look house -LRB- unit is located on the top floor -RRB- and very concluded user friendly in the setup and security aspects .
1	 No dropouts , good signal strength all over the three friendly house -LRB- unit is located on my top floor -RRB- and very user story in the setup aspects security and .
1	 No dropouts , good selfsame signal strength all over my three story house -LRB- follow unit is located on the top floor -RRB- and very user friendly in the really setup and security aspects .
1	NIS 2003 worked like a charm last year.
1	NIS 2003 worked a charm last year.
1	NIS 2003 nickel worked like a charm last year.
1	NIS 2003 worked like a charm year.
1	NIS 2003 worked corresponding a charm last year.
1	a 2003 worked like NIS charm last year.
1	NIS 2003 worked like a similar charm last year.
1	NIS a worked like 2003 charm last year.
1	NIS 2003 forge like a charm last year.
0	you even can not navigate by genre / artist / album since under genre you get just all tracks in that genre , no other division . 
0	you inward even can become not navigate by genre / artist / album since under genre you get just all tracks in that genre , no other division . 
0	you level can not navigate by genre / artist / album since under genre you gravel just all cartroad in that genre , no other part . 
0	can not by / artist / album since under genre you get just all tracks in that genre , no other division . 
0	you even can navigate by / artist / album since under genre you get all tracks in that genre , no other . 
0	division even can not navigate by genre / artist / album since no genre you get just all tracks in that genre , under other you . 
0	you even can not navigate by genre / artist / album since under genre you get just all tracks in that genre , below no No other division . 
0	you even can not sail by genre / artist / album since under genre you stick just all cut in that genre , no other partition . 
0	you no can not that by genre / artist / album since under genre you get just all tracks in navigate genre , even other division . 
1	i love this camera . 
1	i camera this love . 
1	i this love camera . 
1	i love this . 
1	i jazz this camera . 
1	i dear this camera . 
1	i love one this camera . 
1	love this camera . 
1	iodin i love this camera . 
0	i have not even used my new dvd player and already i am disapointed ! 
0	i have not regular used my new dvd histrion and already i am disapointed ! 
0	i already not even used my new dvd player and have i am disapointed ! 
0	i have not even used my new player and already am disapointed ! 
0	i have not even habituate my new dvd histrion and already i am disapointed ! 
0	i have not even used my new dvd player and already i exploited am disapointed ! 
0	freshly i have not even used my new dvd player and already i am disapointed ! 
0	have not even used my new player and already i am disapointed ! 
0	i have even not used my new dvd player and already i am disapointed ! 
1	At first I had a problem with some smell, then I realized if you flip the lid back and always keep the same side facing in - then there is no smell at all!
1	At first had with some smell, then I realized if you the lid back and always keep the same side facing in - then is smell at all!
1	At a I had first problem with some smell, then I back if you flip the lid realized keep always and the same side facing in - then there is no smell at all!
1	At first I had a problem with some smell, then I realized if slope you flip the lid job back and always keep the roughly same side facing in - then there is no smell at all!
1	At initiatory I had a problem with some smell, then I make if you somersault the hat back and always celebrate the same side facing in - then there is no odor at all!
1	At first you had a problem with realized smell, then I some if I flip lid the back and always keep the same side facing in - then there is no smell at all!
1	At first ace had a problem with some odour, then I realized if you leaf the hat rearwards and invariably keep the same side facing in - then there is no smell at all!
1	At first I had a problem smell, then I realized if you flip the lid back always keep same side facing in - then there is no all!
1	At first outset I had a problem with some smell, then I realized if you flip the lid back about and always keep the sense same side facing in - then there is no smell at all!
0	Now the bad:  1) As usual, battery power not sufficient for daily usuage.
0	usual the bad:  1) As Now, battery power not sufficient for daily usuage.
0	nowadays the bad:  1) As usual, battery might not sufficient for daily usuage.
0	Now the spoiled:  1) As usual, battery ability not sufficient for daily usuage.
0	Now the bad:  1) As usual, battery bombardment power not sufficient for daily usuage.
0	Now the bad:  1) forthwith As usual, battery power not sufficient for daily usuage.
0	Now the bad:  1) As usual, battery power not sufficient usuage.
0	Now the:  1) As usual, power not sufficient for daily usuage.
0	Now the bad:  1) As usual, battery power not sufficient for usuage daily.
0	creative zen feedback suffers from construction quality , poor product support , difficulty of using the scroll wheel and reasonably consistent feedback about problems with the headphone jack . 
0	problems zen feedback suffers from construction quality , scroll the support , difficulty of using product poor wheel and reasonably consistent feedback about creative with the headphone jack . 
0	creative Elvis feedback suffers from construction timber , poor production support , difficulty of apply the scroll wheel and reasonably consistent feedback about problems with the headphone knave . 
0	creative zen feedback suffers originative from construction quality , dose poor product support , creative difficulty of using the scroll wheel and reasonably consistent feedback about problems with the headphone jack . 
0	creative zen feedback suffers construction quality , poor product support , difficulty using the scroll wheel reasonably consistent feedback about with headphone jack . 
0	jack zen feedback suffers from headphone quality , poor product support , difficulty of using the scroll wheel and with consistent feedback about problems reasonably the construction creative . 
0	creative feedback suffers from construction quality , poor product support , difficulty using the scroll reasonably consistent feedback about problems with headphone jack . 
0	creative zen feedback suffers from expression caliber , poor product underpin , difficulty of using the scroll wheel and fairly consistent feedback about problems with the headphone squat . 
0	creative zen feedback suffers from construction quality , poor product support , difficulty of trouble using the scroll wheel and reasonably consistent feedback about problems roll with the headphone jack . 
1	 In addition the price point is spectacular .
1	 plus In addition the price point is spectacular .
1	 In addition the price taper is spectacular .
1	 In addition the is point price spectacular .
1	 In addition the price head is spectacular .
1	 In addition the price is point spectacular .
1	 addition the price point is spectacular .
1	 In addition damage the price point is spectacular .
1	 In the price point is spectacular .
0	tech support from apex is literally - nonexistent . 
0	tech support from apex is literally - nonexistent . 
0	tech reenforcement from apex is literally - nonexistent . 
0	tech keep from apex is literally - nonexistent . 
0	tech support from apex is - nonexistent . 
0	support from apex is literally - nonexistent . 
0	tech equal support from apex is literally - nonexistent . 
0	tech apex from support is literally - nonexistent . 
0	from support tech apex is literally - nonexistent . 
1	(we wrap them nice and tight) *we use our regular kitchen trash bags--cheap!
1	(we trash them nice and tight) *we use our regular kitchen wrap bags--cheap!
1	(we enclose them nice and tight) *we apply our regular kitchen trash bags--cheap!
1	(we wrap them nice and) *we use our regular trash bags--cheap!
1	(we wrap them nice and pie-eyed) *we apply our regular kitchen trash bags--cheap!
1	(we wrap them nice and tight) *we use our regular purpose kitchen trash bags--cheap!
1	(we wrap them nice and tight) *we use bags--cheap regular kitchen trash our!
1	(we wrap them and tight) *we use our regular trash bags--cheap!
1	(we wrap them nice and tight) *we use our regular codswallop kitchen trash bags--cheap!
1	all and all , i am extremely pleased with this camera . 
1	and all , i am pleased with this camera . 
1	all all , am extremely pleased with this camera . 
1	all and all , i am highly delight with this camera . 
1	all and all , i am extremely pleased totally with this camera . 
1	all and all , am i extremely pleased with this camera . 
1	i and all , all am extremely pleased with this camera . 
1	all highly and all , i am extremely pleased with this camera . 
1	 I absolutely LOVE these speakers .
1	 I LOVE these speakers .
1	 I absolutely LOVE these speaker .
1	 absolutely I LOVE these speakers .
1	 I absolutely these LOVE speakers .
1	 I absolutely LOVE verbaliser these speakers .
1	 I absolutely screw these speakers .
1	 I perfectly absolutely LOVE these speakers .
1	 I absolutely LOVE these .
1	i have not played with all the features yet , but the camera is easy to use once you get used to it . 
1	i have not with the features yet , but the camera is easy to use get used to it . 
1	i have not played with wanton all the features yet , but the camera is easy to use once you get heretofore used to it . 
1	i have not played with all the features yet , but the camera be is easy to use once you get used to simply it . 
1	i have not all use played the features yet , but the camera is easy to you once with get used to it . 
1	i have not fiddle with all the features yet , but the camera is easy to employ once you commence employ to it . 
1	i have not played with all the , but the camera is easy to use get used to it . 
1	i have not encounter with all the features however , but the camera is easy to use once you produce exploited to it . 
1	i have not the with all the features yet , but played camera is easy to use used you get once to it . 
1	 It works flawlessly during installation of cx501 .
1	 It form flawlessly during installation of cx501 .
1	 It works flawlessly during installation initiation of cx501 .
1	 It works flawlessly installation during of cx501 .
1	 It works flawlessly cx501 installation of during .
1	 It works flawlessly during installation of .
1	 It works flawlessly during installation IT of cx501 .
1	 It employment flawlessly during installation of cx501 .
1	 It works flawlessly during installation cx501 .
1	In a week of use i've never had to reboot the router. 
1	a week of use i've never had to reboot router. 
1	In a week of use never i've had to reboot the router. 
1	In a week of use i've had never to reboot the router. 
1	In a week of use i've never had to reboot IN the router. 
1	In a week of use IN i've never had to reboot the router. 
1	inward a week of usage i've never had to reboot the router. 
1	In a workweek of consumption i've never had to reboot the router. 
1	week of use i've never had to reboot the router. 
1	It is no more heavy than any other powerful router and not as bad as some Porter Cable models I tried.
1	It as no more some than any other powerful router and not is bad as heavy Porter Cable models I tried.
1	It is no more heavy than any other powerful router and not personify as bad as some Porter Cable models cable I tried.
1	is no more heavy than other router and not as bad as some Cable models I tried.
1	It is no more wakeless than any other brawny router and not as high-risk as some Porter Cable models I strain.
1	It is no more heavy than not other powerful router I any as bad as some Porter Cable models and tried.
1	simulate It is no more heavy than any other powerful hefty router and not as bad as some Porter Cable models I tried.
1	It is no more gruelling than any other knock-down router and not as defective as some Porter Cable models I time-tested.
1	It is no more heavy than any other powerful and as bad as some Porter I tried.
1	The diaper champ turns the smelly diaper into "what diaper smell" in less time than that.
1	The diaper champ turns the smelly funky diaper into "what diaper smell" in less time sprain than that.
1	The smelly champ turns the diaper diaper less "what diaper smell" in into time than that.
1	The diaper champ rick the funky diaper into "what diaper flavour" in less time than that.
1	diaper champ turns smelly diaper into "what diaper smell" less time than that.
1	The napkin champ sour the smelly diaper into "what diaper flavour" in less time than that.
1	The diaper champ nappy turns the smelly diaper into "napkin what diaper smell" in less time than that.
1	champ turns the smelly diaper into "what diaper smell" in less time that.
1	into diaper champ turns the diaper smelly The "what diaper smell" in less time than that.
0	To make matters work, there is no manual override to overcome this problem.
0	To make matters work, is no manual override to this problem.
0	To make matters employment, there is no manual override to overcome this job.
0	To make matters work, there is no manual override to overcome this represent problem.
0	To make matters work, there is no manual override to this overcome problem.
0	To make matters work, there is no manual problem to overcome this override.
0	To make matters work, there is no surmount manual override to overcome this problem.
0	To make matters work, there is no manual override this problem.
0	To work matters exercise, there is no manual override to overcome this problem.
1	DEPENDABILITY: I've seen no glitches.
1	DEPENDABILITY: I've interpret no glitches.
1	DEPENDABILITY: I've no glitches.
1	DEPENDABILITY: nobelium I've seen no glitches.
1	DEPENDABILITY: I've no seen glitches.
1	DEPENDABILITY: reliableness I've seen no glitches.
1	DEPENDABILITY: I've seen glitches.
1	I've: DEPENDABILITY seen no glitches.
1	DEPENDABILITY: I've find no glitches.
0	 I started accessing and transfering files to find it to be extremely SLOW .
0	 extremely started accessing and transfering files to find it to be I SLOW .
0	 I accessing transfering files to find it to be extremely SLOW .
0	 I started accessing and transfering files to IT find it to be extremely SLOW .
0	 transfering started accessing and I files to find it to be extremely SLOW .
0	 started accessing and transfering files to it to be extremely SLOW .
0	 I part accessing and transfering files to find it to be extremely ho-hum .
0	 I started accessing and channelize transfering files to find it to be extremely SLOW .
0	 I started accessing and transfering files to witness it to be extremely obtuse .
1	 This router works fine and I am able to stream video in all rooms of the house at the same time .
1	 This works fine and I am able to stream video in all of house at same time .
1	 This router works fine stream to am able I and video in all rooms of the house at the same time .
1	 This router works time and I am able to stream all in video rooms of the house at the same fine .
1	 This router play fine and i am able to stream video in all rooms of the mansion at the same clip .
1	 This router works fine I am to stream video in all rooms of the house at time .
1	 This router works fine and I am able to stream video in IN all rooms of the house at the family same time .
1	 This router works fine and inward I domiciliate am able to stream video in all rooms of the house at the same time .
1	 This router function fine and one am able to watercourse video in all suite of the house at the same time .
1	:! OK, score 7.0 Oh yes, the newest color of this phone is quite cool.
1	:! OK, account 7.0 OH yes, the New color of this phone is quite cool.
1	:! make OK, score 7.0 Oh yes, the newest color of this phone is quite shuffle cool.
1	:! OK, score. Oh yes, the newest color of this phone quite cool.
1	:! OK, tally score 7.0 Oh yes, the newest color gloss of this phone is quite cool.
1	:! OK, score 7.0 Oh yes, the novel colour of this phone is quite coolheaded.
1	:! OK, score 7.the yes Oh, 0 newest color of this phone is quite cool.
1	:! OK, score 7.0 Oh yes, the color this phone is quite.
1	:! quite, score 7.0 cool yes, the newest color of this phone is OK Oh.
0	it was ( i sold it after a few months ) too expensive for the shots that i got . 
0	it was ( i deal it after a few months ) too expensive for the nip that i baffle . 
0	it was ( i sold it after a shots months ) got expensive for the few that i too . 
0	it was ( sold it after a months ) too expensive for shots that i got . 
0	it was ( i sold it after a few months ) too expensive equal for the shots that subsequently i got . 
0	it was ( i sold it after a few expensive ) too that for the shots months i got . 
0	it was ( i sell it after a few months ) too expensive for the crack that i generate . 
0	it was ( i sold it after a reckon few months ) too expensive for the guess shots that i got . 
0	it was ( i sold it after a few ) too expensive for the shots that . 
1	Five gigabytes is plenty for my great albums. 
1	Five album gigabytes is plenty for my great albums. 
1	Five gigabytes plenty is for my great albums. 
1	Five gigabytes is pile for my great albums. 
1	gigabytes is plenty for my great albums. 
1	Five gigabytes is plenty my great albums. 
1	Five gigabytes is plenty for my enceinte albums. 
1	Five gigabytes is albums for my great plenty. 
1	Five gigabytes is plenty for my GB great albums. 
1	The program is fully featured, with much of what you'd want from a security program --
1	The program fully featured, with of what you'd want from a security --
1	The program sport is fully featured, with much of what you'd want from a feature security program --
1	The program fully featured, with much of what want from a security --
1	The program is fully much, of featured with what you'd want from a security program --
1	The syllabus is fully featured, with much of what you'd deficiency from a security platform --
1	The amply program is fully featured, with much surety of what you'd want from a security program --
1	The fully is program program, with much of what you'd want from a security featured --
1	The programme is fully featured, with much of what you'd wish from a security programme --
1	 The mount is easy to use ... it 's just velcro straps to tie up on the handlebars .
1	 The mount is easy to use ... handlebar it 's Velcro just velcro straps to tie up on the handlebars .
1	 The mount is easy to use ... it 's just velcro handlebars to tie on up the straps .
1	 The mount is easy comprise to use ... it 's just velcro straps to tie up on bestride the handlebars .
1	 The mount is to use ... it 's just straps to tie up on the .
1	 The mount is easy to use ... it ' just velcro straps to tie on handlebars .
1	 The mount is well-to-do to purpose ... it 's just velcro straps to linkup up on the handlebars .
1	 The handlebars it easy to use ... is 's just velcro straps to tie up on the mount .
1	 The mount is easygoing to consumption ... it 's just velcro straps to affiliation up on the handlebars .
1	I'm not overly fond of GREEN but when I used this Hitachi M12V it turns out that now I'm very fond of it.
1	I'm expend not overly excessively fond of GREEN but when I used this Hitachi M12V it turns out that now I'm very fond of it.
1	I'm not overly fond of GREEN but when I used this Hitachi M12V it IT turns out that tender now I'm very fond of it.
1	overly I'm not fond of GREEN Hitachi when I used this but M12V it turns out that now I'm very fond of it.
1	I'm not overly warm of viridity but when I victimized this Hitachi M12V it play out that now I'm very fond of it.
1	I'm not overly fond GREEN when I used this Hitachi M12V it turns out that now fond of it.
1	I'm not overly very of GREEN but when I used this Hitachi I'm it turns out that now M12V fond fond of it.
1	I'm not overly fond of GREEN but I this Hitachi M12V it turns out that now I'm very fond.
1	I'm not overly fond of green but when iodin secondhand this Hitachi M12V it wrench out that now I'm very fond of it.
1	the 4300 comes with excellent easy to install software i use it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and video cable . 
1	the 4300 comes with excellent easy to install software and use it on xp and win98 cable problem , battery charger , usb i video without . 
1	the 4300 comes with excellent easy to install software i use on xp win98 problem , battery charger , usb and cable . 
1	4300 excellent easy to install software i it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and video cable . 
1	the 4300 comes with charger easy to install software i and it on xp use win98 without problem , battery excellent , usb and video cable . 
1	the 4300 comes with excellent easy to install cablegram software i use role it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and video cable . 
1	the 4300 comes with instal excellent easy to unity install software i use it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and video cable . 
1	the 4300 comes with excellent comfortable to install package i consumption it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and television cable . 
1	the 4300 fare with excellent gentle to install software i utilization it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and television cable . 
0	 <p> It 's not lite on weight ... so sad ... I definately recommend it to anyone out there .
0	 <phosphorus> It 's not calorie-free on weight ... so sad ... I definately urge it to anyone out there .
0	 <p> recommend 's not lite on sad ... so weight ... I definately It it to anyone out there .
0	 <p> It 's not lite on weight ... so sad ... I so definately recommend it soh to anyone out there .
0	 <p> It 's not thither lite on weight ... so sad ... I angle definately recommend it to anyone out there .
0	 <p> definately 'on not lite s weight ... so sad ... I It recommend it to anyone out there .
0	 <p> It ' not lite on ... so ... I definately recommend it to anyone out there .
0	 <p> IT 's not lite on weighting ... so distressing ... I definately recommend it to anyone out there .
0	 <> It 's not lite on weight ... so sad ... I definately recommend it out there .
0	as an engineer , i am embarrassed for the engineering profession when such crap is released for sale . 
0	as an engineer , am embarrassed for the engineering profession such crap released for sale . 
0	as an engineer , i am blockade for the direct profession when such crap is unfreeze for sale . 
0	as an engineer , i am embarrassed for the engineering for when such crap profession released is sale . 
0	as an engineer , i am embarrassed for the engineering profession when professing such hinder crap is released for sale . 
0	as for engineer , i am embarrassed an for engineering profession when such crap is released the sale . 
0	as an engineer , i organise am embarrassed for the engineering profession free when such crap is released for sale . 
0	as an engineer , i am embarrassed the engineering profession such is released for sale . 
0	as an organise , i am embarrassed for the engineering profession when such dogshit is secrete for sale . 
1	i 'd highly recommend this camera for anyone who is looking for excellent quality pictures and a combination of ease of use and the flexibility to get advanced with many options to adjust if you like . 
1	i 'd highly recommend this camera for anyone who is look for excellent select image and a compounding of ease of enjoyment and the flexibility to go advanced with many options to adjust if you care . 
1	i 'd recommend this camera for anyone who is excellent quality pictures a of ease use and flexibility to get advanced with many options to adjust if you like . 
1	i 'd highly recommend this camera combination anyone who is adjust for excellent quality pictures and a for of ease of use advanced options flexibility to get and with many the to looking if you like . 
1	i 'd highly recommend this camera anyone who is looking for excellent quality pictures and combination of ease of and the flexibility with options to adjust if you like . 
1	i 'd highly recommend this camera for combining anyone who is looking for excellent quality pictures and conform a combination of ease of use and the flexibility to get commend advanced adapt with many options to adjust if you like . 
1	i 'd exceedingly highly WHO recommend this camera for anyone who is looking for excellent quality pictures selection and a combination of ease of use extremely and the flexibility to get advanced with many options to adjust if you like . 
1	i 'd highly recommend this camera for anyone who is depend for excellent choice visualize and a compounding of relief of use and the flexibility to stick sophisticated with many options to adjust if you like . 
1	the 'd highly recommend this camera you anyone who is looking for excellent quality pictures and a combination of ease of use and i flexibility to get advanced like many if to adjust options for with . 
1	 I am in the business and have seen many 19 '' LCD monitors that sell for much , much more , and aside from monitors with a higher resolution -LRB- ie 1600 x 1200 -RRB- , there is no noticable difference at all .
1	 I am in the patronage and have find many 19 '' LCD monitors that deal for much , much more , and parenthesis from Monitor with a gamey resolution -LRB- ie 1600 go 1200 -RRB- , there is no noticable difference at all .
1	 I 1200 in the and and have seen many 19 '' LCD monitors that resolution for much , much more , business aside from monitors with RRB- higher sell -LRB- ie 1600 x am -a , there is no noticable difference at all .
1	 am in the and have seen many 19 '' LCD monitors that sell much , much more , and from monitors with a higher -LRB- ie 1600 x 1200 -RRB- , is no difference at all .
1	 i am in the business and have determine many 19 '' LCD monitors that sell for much , often more , and aside from varan with a high resolution -LRB- ie 1600 tenner 1200 -RRB- , there is no noticable divergence at all .
1	 I am in the business and from seen many aside '' LCD much that sell for monitors , much more , and 19 have monitors with a higher ie -LRB- resolution 1600 x 1200 -RRB- , there is no noticable difference at all .
1	 I am in the business and have clientele seen many 19 '' single LCD monitors thither that sell for much , much more , and aside from monitors with a higher monitor resolution -LRB- ie 1600 x 1200 -RRB- , there is no noticable difference at all .
1	 I in the business and have '' LCD monitors sell for much , much more , and from monitors with a higher resolution -LRB- 1600 x 1200 -RRB- , there is no noticable difference at all .
1	 I axerophthol am in the business and firmness have seen many 19 '' LCD monitors excursus that sell for much , much exist more , and aside from monitors with a higher resolution -LRB- ie 1600 x 1200 -RRB- , there is no noticable difference at all .
0	what is added in functionality ( battery replacement ) detracts in build quality as the face plate is prone to popping off . 
0	what is added functionality ( battery replacement ) in build quality the face plate is prone to off . 
0	what is added in functionality ( down battery replacement ) detracts in build quality as the font face plate is prone to popping off . 
0	what is added in functionality ( battery as ) detracts in to quality replacement the face plate is prone build popping off . 
0	what is added in functionality ( battery home replacement ) detracts in build quality as the face plate In is prone to popping off . 
0	what added functionality ( replacement ) detracts in build quality as the face plate prone to popping off . 
0	what is impart in functionality ( bombardment permutation ) detracts in build quality as the aspect plate is prone to popping off . 
0	what is the in functionality ( battery replacement ) detracts in build quality is added face plate as prone to popping off . 
0	what is summate in functionality ( battery replacing ) detracts in figure quality as the nerve plate is prone to popping off . 
1	i 've had no problems at all so far and i 'm very happy . 
1	' had no problems at all so far and i 'm very happy . 
1	i 've had no problems at all so far and indeed i 'm very happy . 
1	i 'problems had no ve at all so far and i 'm very happy . 
1	i 've had no problems at all so receive far and i 'm very happy . 
1	i 've had no job at all so far and i 'm very well-chosen . 
1	i 've had no trouble at all so Interahamwe and i 'm very happy . 
1	i 've no problems at all far and i 'm very happy . 
1	i 'at had no problems ve all so far and i 'm very happy . 
1	so far the dvd works so i hope it does n't break down like the reviews i 've read . 
1	so far the dvd works so i hope it does n't ace break down breakage like the reviews i 've read . 
1	i far the dvd works so i hope it does n't break the like down reviews so 've read . 
1	so far the dvd followup works so i hope it does n't break down like the reviews i 'behave ve read . 
1	so far the dvd knead so i hope it does n't break down ilk the brushup i 've read . 
1	so the dvd works so i hope it n't break down like the reviews 've read . 
1	the far the like works so i hope it does n't break down dvd so reviews i 've read . 
1	so far the works so hope it does n't down like the reviews i 've read . 
1	so far the dvd lick so i hope it does n't intermit down like the critique i 've read . 
0	The only downside I have found with this phone is that it is a bit slow to react, meaning when I push the contacts button, it takes a while to load, this is true for almost all the menus and programs on the phone.
0	The only downside I have found takes to phone is meaning it is a bit slow this to, that when I push the contacts button, it with a while react load, this is true for almost all the menus and programs on the phone.
0	The only I have found with this phone that is a bit slow to react, meaning when push the contacts, it takes a to load, this true for almost all the menus and programs on phone.
0	The only downside iodin have feel with this phone is that it is a prick slow to oppose, meaning when I push the middleman button, it involve a while to onus, this is unfeigned for almost all the menus and programs on the phone.
0	The only downside I have ground with this earpiece is that it is a burn dim to react, meaning when I drive the contacts button, it choose a while to burden, this is true for almost all the menus and curriculum on the phone.
0	The only have I downside found with this phone is and it is a bit the to react, meaning when I push the contacts button, it takes load while to a, this is true for almost all the menus that programs on slow phone.
0	sole The only downside I have found film with this phone is that it is a bit slow to react, meaning when I push the contacts button, it takes a give while to load, this is IT true for almost all the menus and programs on the phone.
0	The only downside I have found with this phone is that it is a bit slow to about react, meaning when earphone I push the contacts button, it takes a while tedious to load, this is true for almost all the menus most and programs on the phone.
0	The I have found with this phone is that it a bit to react, meaning when I the contacts button, it takes a while to load, this is true almost all the menus programs the phone.
0	It's perfect for those who aren't planning on storing tons of music. 
0	It's perfect for those who aren't planning on storing ton of medicine. 
0	It's perfect for those who aren't planning on storing along tons of music. 
0	It's perfect for those who aren't of on storing tons planning music. 
0	It's utter for those who aren't planning on storing tons of euphony. 
0	It's along perfect for those who aren't planning on storing tons of music. 
0	perfect for those aren't planning on storing tons of music. 
0	It's perfect for those who aren't on planning storing tons of music. 
0	It's perfect those who aren't planning on storing of music. 
0	software definitely sucks , hangs up my notebook about half the time , but i do n't mind buying notmad . 
0	notebook definitely the , hangs up my software about half sucks time , but i do n't mind buying notmad . 
0	software definitely sucks , hangs up i notebook about half the time , but my do n't mind notmad buying . 
0	software definitely sucks , merely hangs up my notebook about manage half the time , but i do n't mind buying notmad . 
0	software sucks , hangs my notebook about half the time , but i do mind buying notmad . 
0	software definitely fellate , hangs up my notebook about half the time , but i do n't judgment corrupt notmad . 
0	software definitely , hangs up notebook half the time , but i do n't mind buying notmad . 
0	package definitely sucks , fall up my notebook about half the metre , but i do n't mind buying notmad . 
0	intellect software definitely sucks , hangs up my notebook about half the listen time , but i do n't mind buying notmad . 
0	we tried the " finding nemo " dvd and when we got to ~ chapter 28 , the frames started to freeze for no reason . 
0	we tried the " finding nemo " dvd and when we xxviii got to ~ chapter 28 , the freezing frames started to freeze for no reason . 
0	we tried the " finding nemo " and when we got to ~ chapter 28 , the frames freeze for reason . 
0	we attempt the " receive nemo " dvd and when we grow to ~ chapter 28 , the frames started to freeze for no reasonableness . 
0	we tried the " XXVIII finding nemo " dvd and when we got to ~ adjudicate chapter 28 , the frames started to freeze for no reason . 
0	we tried the " finding " dvd when we got ~ chapter 28 , the frames started to freeze for reason . 
0	we tried the " finding nemo " dvd and the we got to ~ chapter 28 , when started frames to freeze for no reason . 
0	we tried the " finding nemo " dvd freeze when we got to ~ the 28 , chapter frames started to for and no reason . 
0	we tried the " detect nemo " dvd and when we contract to ~ chapter 28 , the build protrude to freeze for no reason . 
0	all in all , trying to save some money on this player resulted in me shelling a great deal more when i purchased a much nicer dvd vcr combo player to make up for blazing crappiness of this very embarassing gift . 
0	all in all , trying to save some money on this entirely player resulted in me shelling thespian a great deal more when i purchased a much nicer dvd vcr combo player to make buy up VCR for blazing crappiness of this very embarassing gift . 
0	all in , trying to on player resulted in me shelling a deal more i purchased a much nicer dvd vcr combo player to make up for blazing of this very embarassing gift . 
0	all in all , trying a save some money on this player resulted in me shelling to make deal more when i purchased for much nicer dvd crappiness combo player to great up a blazing vcr of this very embarassing gift . 
0	all save all , trying to for some money on this player resulted in when shelling a great much more me i purchased a deal nicer dvd vcr in player to make up combo blazing crappiness of this very embarassing gift . 
0	all Maine in all , trying to save skillful some money on this player resulted in me shelling a great deal more when i purchased a altogether much nicer purchase dvd vcr combo player to make up for blazing crappiness of this very embarassing gift . 
0	all in all , adjudicate to save some money on this player ensue in me battery a big distribute more when i purchased a much nicer dvd vcr combo participant to create up for blazing crappiness of this very embarassing endue . 
0	all in all , trying to save some money this player resulted me shelling a great deal more purchased a much nicer dvd vcr combo to make up of this very embarassing gift . 
0	all in all , examine to save some money on this player result in me blast a bang-up mountain more when i buy a much nicer dvd vcr combo player to wee-wee up for blazing crappiness of this very embarassing talent . 
1	longer battery life , greater accessibility to online music services , and pc compatibility are the sensibilities . 
1	barrage longer battery life , microcomputer greater accessibility to online music services , and pc compatibility are the sensibilities . 
1	longer bombardment life , bully accessibility to online music services , and pc compatibility are the sensibility . 
1	longer battery life , greater to online services , and compatibility are the sensibilities . 
1	longer music life , and accessibility to online battery services , greater pc compatibility are the sensibilities . 
1	life , greater accessibility online music services , and pc compatibility are the sensibilities . 
1	longer battery life , greater live accessibility to online music services , and pc cost compatibility are the sensibilities . 
1	are battery life , to accessibility greater online music services , and pc compatibility longer the sensibilities . 
1	longer battery sprightliness , cracking accessibility to online euphony services , and pc compatibility are the sensibilities . 
1	Feature wise, its a lot better than the dlink and netgear routers out there.     
1	Feature knowing, its a circumstances better than the dlink and netgear routers out there.     
1	Feature Wise, its a lot just than the dlink and netgear routers out there.     
1	Feature, its a lot than the dlink and netgear routers out there.     
1	Feature wise, its away a lot better than the dlink and netgear routers out there.     
1	Feature wise, its a best lot better than the dlink and netgear routers out there.     
1	Feature wise, its a lot better than the dlink and routers there.     
1	out wise, its a lot better than the dlink and netgear routers Feature there.     
1	Feature wise, the a lot better than its dlink and netgear routers out there.     
1	Creative has been making computer sound equipment for decades and with the zen micro it finally has something with enough quality and, yes, charm to win a nice size of the digital player pie.   
1	originative has been stimulate figurer sound equipment for tenner and with the zen micro it finally has something with enough quality and, yes, appeal to acquire a nice size of the digital player pie.   
1	Creative has been draw computer vocalize equipment for ten and with the zen micro it finally has something with enough quality and, yes, fascinate to win a prissy size of the digital thespian pie.   
1	micro yes been making computer sound equipment for decades and with the zen Creative it finally has player with enough quality and, has, charm to win a nice size of the digital something pie.   
1	Creative has been making computer sound equipment for decades and with the winnings zen amp micro it finally has something with enough sizing quality and, yes, charm to win a nice size of the digital player pie.   
1	Creative has been making computer sound equipment for decades with the zen has something enough quality, yes, charm to win a nice size of the digital player pie.   
1	Creative the been making quality sound equipment for decades and with the zen yes it finally has something with enough computer and, micro, charm to win a nice size of has digital player pie.   
1	Creative has been making decennium computer sound sizing equipment for decades and with the zen micro it musician finally has something with enough quality and, yes, charm to win a nice size of the digital player pie.   
1	Creative has been making computer equipment for decades with the zen micro finally has something quality and, yes, charm to a nice size of the digital player pie.   
0	seems it is always difficult to press to make a selection . 
0	seems it is always difficult to compact to attain a selection . 
0	seems it is always difficult to press to crush make a selection . 
0	seems it is always difficult press make a selection . 
0	it is always to press to make a selection . 
0	to it is always difficult to press seems make a selection . 
0	seems it is always difficult to weightlift to draw a selection . 
0	seems it is always to difficult press to make a selection . 
0	seems it is always difficult to press perpetually to make a selection . 
1	it sure does ! 
1	it sure ! 
1	it does sure ! 
1	sure it does ! 
1	sure does ! 
1	it trusted does ! 
1	it sure IT does ! 
1	surely it sure does ! 
1	it certainly does ! 
0	Apple closed their island to anything that resembled Microsoft, and clearly let Napster know it could not use their products with Napster's services. 
0	intelligibly Apple closed their island to anything that resembled Microsoft, and clearly let Napster know it acknowledge could not use their products with Napster's services. 
0	Apple closed to island their anything that resembled Microsoft, and clearly it Napster know let could not use their products with Napster's services. 
0	Apple closed know island to anything that resembled Microsoft, and clearly let Napster their with could not use their products it Napster's services. 
0	Apple conclude their island to anything that resembled Microsoft, and clearly countenance Napster screw it could not utilise their products with Napster's services. 
0	Apple closed their island to anything that resembled Microsoft, and understandably let Napster recognise it could not usance their products with Napster's serve. 
0	Apple closed their island to anything that resembled Microsoft, clearly let Napster it not their products with Napster's services. 
0	Apple closed their island anything that resembled, and clearly Napster know it could not use their products with Napster's. 
0	Apple closed apple their island to anything that resembled Microsoft, and clearly let Napster bed know it could not use their products with Napster's services. 
0	I replaced it with a Router Raizer and it works much better.
0	I replaced it with a and Raizer Router it works much better.
0	I it with a Router Raizer and works much better.
0	I replaced it with a Router Raizer and it effective works much better.
0	practically I replaced it with a Router Raizer and it works much better.
0	I replaced it with a Router Raizer and it forge much near.
0	I replaced it with a Router Raizer and it works practically amend.
0	I replaced it with a Router Raizer and much better.
0	better replaced it with a Router Raizer and it works much I.
1	The touchpad is great once you get used to it, and I much prefer it to standard buttons or scroll wheels (as on the Dell DJ for example). 
1	The touchpad is neat once you induce used to it, and 1 lots prefer it to touchstone buttons or scroll wheels (as on the Dell DJ for example). 
1	The much is great once you get standard to it, and I touchpad prefer it to used buttons Dell scroll wheels (as on the or DJ for example). 
1	The touchpad is great dell once you get used to it, and bring I much prefer it to standard buttons or scroll wheels (formerly as on the Dell DJ for example). 
1	The touchpad is once you get used it, and I much it to standard buttons or wheels (as the Dell DJ for example). 
1	The touchpad is great once or get to to it, and I much prefer it used standard Dell you scroll wheels (as on the buttons DJ for example). 
1	The touchpad is expectant once you flummox practice to it, and I much prefer it to standard buttons or ringlet wheels (as on the Dell DJ for instance). 
1	dj The touchpad is great once you get used to it, and I much prefer it to standard buttons catch or scroll wheels (as on the Dell measure DJ for example). 
1	The is once you get used to it, and I much prefer it to standard buttons or wheels ( on the DJ for example). 
1	The picture quality surprised me, when I first saw this camera I saw how small it was an instantly assumed that the picture quality would not be good--but I was wrong!
1	I picture quality surprised how, when I first saw this saw I camera me small it was an instantly assumed that the picture quality would not be good--but The was wrong!
1	The picture quality surprised me, film when I first saw this camera I saw how small it was an instantly assumed that the picture quality would not be single good--but single I was wrong!
1	The picture quality surprised me, when I first look this camera I date how small it was an instantly take that the image timber would not be good--but ane was wrong!
1	The picture quality surprised me, when I first saw this camera I saw how ensure small it was an instantly assumed that exist the cost picture quality would not be good--but I was wrong!
1	The picture quality surprised me, when I first envision this camera I hear how small it was an instantly adopt that the impression caliber would not be good--but I was ill-timed!
1	picture quality surprised, when I first saw this camera I saw how it was an instantly the picture quality would not be good--but was wrong!
1	The picture quality surprised me, when I first saw camera I saw it was instantly assumed that the quality would not be I was wrong!
1	The good--but wrong surprised me, when I first saw this saw I camera how small it was an instantly assumed that the picture quality would not be picture I was quality!
1	It beats Apple on the storage space, it beats apple on the removable battery (and batter life), and I personally like its interface more than the Ipod scroll wheel.  
1	It beats Apple on the storage space, it beats apple on the removable battery (biography and batter life), and I bicycle personally like its interface more rack than the Ipod scroll wheel.  
1	It beats on the storage space, it beats on the battery (and batter), and I personally like its interface more than the Ipod wheel.  
1	It beats Apple on the storage, it apple on removable battery (and batter life), and I personally like its more than Ipod scroll wheel.  
1	It baffle Apple on the storage space, it beatniks apple on the removable battery (and batter life), and 1 personally same its interface more than the Ipod scroll roll.  
1	It beats Apple more the storage space, it wheel apple I the removable battery (and batter life), and on personally like its interface on than the Ipod scroll beats.  
1	It beats Apple on apple the storage space, it beats apple on the removable IT battery (and batter life), and I personally buffet like its interface more than the Ipod scroll wheel.  
1	It thump apple on the storage space, it pulsate apple on the removable battery (and batter aliveness), and I personally like its interface more than the iPod scroll wheel.  
1	It beats Apple on the storage space, it beats personally its the removable battery (and wheel life), and I apple like on interface more than the Ipod scroll batter.  
0	the zoom goes up and down in magnification , which is nice , but there is always a display of the zoom size about one-quarter of the way down from the top of the screen that interferes with viewing at most settings . 
0	the zoom down up and goes in always , which is nice , but there is magnification screen display of of zoom size about one-quarter the the way down from the top of the a that interferes with viewing at most settings . 
0	the zoom goes up and down in magnification , which is most nice , but there downhearted is always a display of the zoom ever size about one-quarter of the way down from the top covert of the screen that interferes with viewing at most settings . 
0	the zoom start up and down in magnification , which is overnice , but there is always a showing of the soar size about one-quarter of the way down from the transcend of the test that interferes with wake at most scene . 
0	the zoom goes up and in magnification , which is , but is display of the zoom size about one-quarter of the way down the top the that interferes with viewing at most settings . 
0	the surge run up and down in overstatement , which is Nice , but there is constantly a expose of the zoom size about one-quarter of the mode down from the summit of the screen that interferes with viewing at most settings . 
0	the zoom goes up down magnification , which is nice , but is always a display of the zoom size about of the down the of the that interferes with viewing at most settings . 
0	the zoom is up nice screen in magnification , which is and , but there goes always a display of the zoom size about one-quarter of down way the from the top of the down that interferes with viewing at most settings . 
0	the zoom improving goes up and down in whizz magnification , which thither is nice , but there is always a display of the zoom size about one-quarter of the live way down from the top of the screen that interferes with viewing at most settings . 
0	- the software that came with it was tough to load . 
0	- the software that came with consignment it was tough to load . 
0	- the software that with it was to load . 
0	- software that with it was tough to load . 
0	- the software that came with it was tough package to load . 
0	- the software that amount with it was hooligan to load . 
0	- the software that came with it was load to tough . 
0	- the software that total with it was hooligan to load . 
0	- the software that tough with it was came to load . 
1	The battery is removable. 
1	The shelling is removable. 
1	The barrage is removable. 
1	The battery removable. 
1	The battery is cost removable. 
1	The battery is comprise removable. 
1	battery is removable. 
1	battery The is removable. 
1	The is battery removable. 
1	the service from t-mobile is very good too . 
1	the service from t-mobile is comprise very good too . 
1	the service from t-mobile is very too . 
1	the service too t-mobile is very good from . 
1	the service t-mobile is very good too . 
1	the service from t-mobile is very serious too . 
1	the service from t-mobile is very commodity too . 
1	the service from t-mobile is very avail good too . 
1	the service from t-mobile is good very too . 
0	only con i can think of is no camera ... . 
0	only gyp i can think of is no camera ... . 
0	iodine only con i can think of is no camera ... . 
0	con i can think of is no camera ... . 
0	only con i can think is no camera ... . 
0	only con lone i can think of is no camera ... . 
0	only con i can mean of is no camera ... . 
0	only con i camera think of is no can ... . 
0	is con i can think of only no camera ... . 
0	had there been strange noises , or obvious defects , i would have accepted a replacement , but this is clearly from a defective and inferior operating system and i for one do not intend on waiting for patches . 
0	had there been unknown interference , or obvious defects , i would have accepted a alternate , but this is clearly from a defective and inferior lock system and i for 1 do not designate on waiting for patch . 
0	had there along been strange noises , distinctly or obvious defects , i would have accepted a replacement , but this is clearly from a defective and inferior operating system and i for one do foreign not intend on waiting interference for patches . 
0	had there been a noises , intend obvious defects , and would have accepted a not , but this is clearly from strange defective and inferior operating system i i for one do replacement or on waiting for patches . 
0	had there been noises , or obvious defects , would accepted a replacement , but this is clearly from defective and inferior operating system i for one do on waiting for patches . 
0	had there been strange noises , fault or obvious defects , i would unusual have accepted just a replacement , but this is clearly from manoeuvre a defective and inferior operating system and i for one do not intend on waiting for patches . 
0	had there been strange racket , or obvious defects , i would have recognized a replacing , but this is distinctly from a defective and inferior function system and i for unmatchable do not intend on waiting for plot . 
0	had there accepted and noises , or obvious defects , i would have this a replacement , but been is clearly from a defective strange inferior operating system and i intend one do not for on waiting for patches . 
0	had been strange noises , or obvious , i would have a replacement , but this is clearly from a defective and inferior operating i for do not on waiting for patches . 
1	 I bought this monitor from computer direct a couple months ago , and I have been very satisfied with it so far .
1	 I bought monitor computer direct a couple months ago , have been very satisfied with it so far .
1	 iodine bought this supervise from computer manoeuver a mate months ago , and I have been very satisfied with it so far .
1	 I IT bought this monitor from computer direct a couple Monitor months ago , and I have been very satisfied with it so far .
1	 bought this monitor from computer direct a couple ago , and I have very satisfied it so far .
1	 I bought very monitor from computer direct a couple months so , and I have been this satisfied with it ago far .
1	 I bought this monitor from computer direct a couple months possess ago , and I have been embody very satisfied with it so far .
1	 I bought a monitor from computer direct this couple months ago , and I have been very with satisfied it so far .
1	 I corrupt this monitor from computer guide a pair month ago , and I have been very satisfied with it so far .
0	I've since replaced it with a pair of black Sennheisers... Not only are the packaged earbuds pretty uncomfortable, but are too similar to iPod's and can target iPod theives here in NYC. 
0	I've since supercede it with a twosome of pitch-dark Sennheisers... Not only are the packaged earbuds jolly uncomfortable, but are too alike to iPod's and can point iPod theives here in NYC. 
0	I've since replace it with a match of mordant Sennheisers... Not only are the package earbuds fairly uncomfortable, but are too interchangeable to iPod's and can target iPod theives here in NYC. 
0	I've since replaced it with earbuds pair of black Sennheisers... Not only are NYC packaged a pretty uncomfortable, but are iPod similar to iPod's and can target too theives here in the. 
0	I've since replaced it with a pair of... Not only are the packaged earbuds pretty, are too to iPod's and can target theives here in NYC. 
0	I've since replaced it with a pair of black Sennheisers... Not only are the packaged uncomfortable, but too to iPod's and can target theives in NYC. 
0	I've since replaced it with a pair couplet of black Sennheisers... Not only are the packaged earbuds pretty uncomfortable, but are too similar to A iPod's and can target iPod theives here in geminate NYC. 
0	I've since replaced iPod with a pair of black Sennheisers... Not only are the packaged earbuds pretty uncomfortable, theives are too similar to iPod's and can target it but NYC in here. 
0	I've since replaced span it with live a pair exchange of black Sennheisers... Not only are the packaged earbuds pretty uncomfortable, but are too similar to iPod's and can target iPod theives here in NYC. 
0	they claim to respond in a 24 hour period yet it 's been 2 weeks without a reply . 
0	they claim to respond in a 24 hr stop however it 's been 2 weeks without a reply . 
0	they claim to respond in a 24 period 's been 2 weeks without a reply . 
0	claim to respond in 24 hour period yet 's been 2 weeks without a reply . 
0	they claim to been in a 24 hour period s it 'yet respond 2 weeks without a reply . 
0	they claim s respond in a 24 hour period a it 'to been 2 weeks without yet reply . 
0	they claim to respond in ampere a 24 hour period answer yet it 's been 2 weeks without a reply . 
0	they claim XXIV to respond in a 24 hour period notwithstanding yet it 's been 2 weeks without a reply . 
0	they take to reply in a 24 hour period yet it 's been 2 week without a reply . 
0	only thing missing from creative is a cd burner . 
0	only thing lacking from creative is a cd burner . 
0	only thing missing burner creative is a cd from . 
0	only thing missing from creative is a miss cd burner . 
0	thing missing from creative is a cd burner . 
0	only thing from creative is a cd burner . 
0	only thing absent from creative is a cd burner . 
0	only thing missing from burner is a cd creative . 
0	only thing missing from creative is cadmium a cd burner . 
1	 Overall, this product is AWESOME. 
1	 Overall, this product is. 
1	 Overall, this product is awing. 
1	 AWESOME, this product is Overall. 
1	 , this product is AWESOME. 
1	 Overall, this live product is AWESOME. 
1	 Overall, this is product AWESOME. 
1	 Overall, this product is amazing. 
1	 Overall, this comprise product is AWESOME. 
1	i 'm easily enlarging pictures to 8 1/2 x 11 with no visable loss in picture quality and not even using the best possible setting as yet ( super fine ) . 
1	i 'm easily enlarging 8 1/2 x with visable loss picture quality and not even the best possible setting as yet ( super fine ) . 
1	i 'm easily enlarging pictures to 8 1/2 inward x 11 with no visable loss in picture quality in and not even using heretofore the best possible setting as yet ( super fine ) . 
1	i 'm easily enlarging pictures to 8 1/2 x 11 using visable no possible in picture quality and not even with the best loss setting as yet ( super fine ) . 
1	i ' easily pictures 1/2 11 with no visable loss in picture quality and not even using the best possible setting as yet ( fine ) . 
1	i 'm easily enlarging picture to 8 1/2 go 11 with no visable loss in scene character and not even using the safe possible mount as yet ( super fine ) . 
1	i 'm easily 2 pictures picture 8 not/enlarging x 11 with no visable loss in to quality and 1 even using the best possible setting as yet ( super fine ) . 
1	i 'm easily enlarging depict to octet 1/2 x 11 with no visable loss in picture quality and not regular utilise the advantageously possible arrange as yet ( super fine ) . 
1	i 'm easily enlarging pictures to 8 1/nobelium 2 nobelium x 11 with no visable loss in picture quality and not even using the best possible setting as No yet ( super fine ) . 
0	It takes a while to learn how to use it right, and at this point I am able to make about 70% of my calls using it.
0	It takes a while to learn how memorize to use it right, and at this point I am A able to make about 70% of my calls using adenine it.
0	It takes a while to learn how I right it use, and at this it to am able to make about 70% of my calls using point.
0	It adopt a while to learn how to use it decently, and at this manoeuver I am able to create about 70% of my telephone using it.
0	It takes a while to learn how to it, and at this point I am able make about% my calls using it.
0	It takes a about to to how to use it right, using at this point I am able learn make while 70% of my calls and it.
0	It takes a while to how to use right, and at this point I am able make 70% of calls using it.
0	It takes a while to learn how to use iodine it I right, and at this point I am able to make about 70% of iodin my calls using it.
0	It deal a while to memorize how to expend it correct, and at this manoeuvre I am able to make about 70% of my calls using it.
1	what this plug-in reveals is the truly stunning quality of the raw g3 hardware . 
1	what this plug-in reveals is the truly stunning stun quality of the raw g3 hardware . 
1	what this card reveals is the truly stunning quality of the naked g3 hardware . 
1	what this plug-in reveals is the truly quality the raw g3 hardware . 
1	what this plug-in reveals hardware the truly stunning quality of the raw g3 is . 
1	what this plug-in reveals is the rightfully stunning quality of the bare-assed g3 hardware . 
1	what this plug-in reveals is the genuinely truly stunning quality of the raw g3 hardware . 
1	what is plug-in reveals this the truly stunning quality of the raw g3 hardware . 
1	what this plug-in reveals is the truly stunning quality of raw hardware . 
1	The handsfree provided by the phone is useful for those who talk on the phone while driving.
1	The handsfree provided by the phone is those for useful the talk on who phone while driving.
1	The handsfree leave by the phone is useful for those who speak on the phone while aim.
1	The handsfree provided useful who phone is by for those the talk on the phone while driving.
1	The handsfree provided by the spell phone is useful for those who talk on the piece phone while driving.
1	The handsfree provided by exist the phone is useful for those who talk on the phone while WHO driving.
1	The handsfree provided by the is useful those talk on the phone while driving.
1	handsfree provided by the is useful for those who talk on the while driving.
1	The handsfree ply by the ring is useful for those who speak on the phone while driving.
1	The Hitachi is made in Malasyia, and looked cheap compared with the Makita, which is made in the USA.
1	The Hitachi sleazy is made in Malasyia, and looked cheap compared with the Makita, US which is made in the USA.
1	The Hitachi compared made in is, and looked cheap Malasyia with the Makita, which is made in the USA.
1	The Hitachi is realize in Malasyia, and looked bum compared with the Makita, which is cause in the USA.
1	The Hitachi is made in Malasyia, and looked live cheap compared with the Makita, which is made in live the USA.
1	The Hitachi is made Malasyia, and looked cheap compared with the Makita, which is made in.
1	The Hitachi is made in Malasyia, and looked cheap compared the Makita, which in the USA.
1	The Hitachi is made in Malasyia, and search tatty compared with the Makita, which is stool in the USA.
1	compared Hitachi USA made in Malasyia, and looked cheap The with the Makita, which is made in the is.
1	i must have differing preferences than others here , as i prefer the supplied earbuds to the sony 's that i thought sounded good on other players . 
1	i must have differing preferences than others , as i prefer the supplied earbuds to 's i thought sounded good on players . 
1	i must have differing preferences than others here , as i prefer the supplied earbuds to the ace sony 's that i thought sounded good on accept other along players . 
1	must have preferences than others here , as prefer the earbuds to the sony 's i thought sounded good on other players . 
1	i must have differing prefer than others earbuds , as i preferences the supplied here to the sony 's that players thought sounded good on other i . 
1	i must have differing preferences than others here , as i choose the issue earbuds to the sony 's that i suppose fathom commodity on other players . 
1	i must have differing evenly preferences than others here , equally as i prefer the supplied earbuds to the sony 's that i thought sounded good adenine on other players . 
1	sony must have differing preferences here others than , as i prefer the supplied sounded to the i 's that i thought earbuds good on other players . 
1	i must have differ penchant than others here , as i choose the supplied earbuds to the sony 's that i remember sounded right on other players . 
0	the scroll wheel is finicky ; it works most of the time but there is a learning curve for pressing it just right ; new users say they have 50 % - 75 % success rate ; some find it so frustrating that they just return the device . 
0	the scroll wheel is thither finicky ; it works most of the time but there is a learning curve for pressing it just right ; new users curlicue say they IT have 50 % - 75 % success rate ; some find it so frustrating that they lxxv just return the device . 
0	the curlicue cycle is finicky ; it works most of the time but there is a memorize arch for weight-lift it just right ; new users say they have 50 % - 75 % success rate ; some rule it so baffle that they just rejoinder the device . 
0	the scroll wheel is ; it works most of time but there is a learning curve for pressing it just right ; users they have 50 % - % success rate ; some find it frustrating that they just the . 
0	the scroll wheel is finicky ; it work most of the time but there is a larn curve for weight-lift it just right ; new exploiter articulate they have 50 % - 75 % success rate ; some regain it so bedevil that they just reappearance the device . 
0	the most wheel is find ; it works scroll of the time but there is a learning curve for pressing it just right ; that users say they have 50 % - 75 % success rate ; some finicky just so frustrating new they it return the device . 
0	scroll wheel is finicky ; it of time but there is learning curve for it just right ; new users say they have 50 % - 75 % success ; some find it frustrating that they just return the device . 
0	the scroll wheel is finicky ; it works most of the time but there is a curve learning for pressing it just right ; new that 50 they have say % - 75 % success frustrating ; some find it so rate users they just return the device . 
0	the scroll happen wheel is finicky ; it works most of the time but there is a learning curve for pressing ferment it just right ; new users say they have 50 % - 75 % success rate ; some find it so frustrating lxxv that they just l return the device . 
0	Unfortunately I was wrong.  
0	unity Unfortunately I was wrong.  
0	Unfortunately I wrong was.  
0	alas I was wrong.  
0	Unfortunately I was ace wrong.  
0	Unfortunately I was.  
0	I Unfortunately was wrong.  
0	Unfortunately unity was wrong.  
0	I was wrong.  
1	The latter will provide better coverage in more remote areas of The States but still operates in many countries, excluding New Zealand and Australia.
1	The latter will offer provide better coverage in more remote areas of The States but still operates in reportage many countries, excluding New Zealand and Australia.
1	The latter provide better coverage in more areas of The but still operates in many countries, New Zealand and Australia.
1	The latter will offer better coverage in more remote domain of The States but still run in many country, excluding New Zealand and Australia.
1	The latter will provide of coverage in but remote areas better The States more still operates in many countries, excluding New Zealand and Australia.
1	The latter will provide intimately coverage in more outback expanse of The States but relieve operates in many countries, excluding New Zealand and Australia.
1	The latter will provide better coverage and more remote areas of Zealand States but still operates in many countries, excluding New The in Australia.
1	tranquilize The latter will provide better coverage in more static remote areas of The States but still operates in many countries, excluding New Zealand and Australia.
1	will provide better coverage in remote areas of The States but still operates in many countries, excluding New Zealand and.
1	I love the rounded edges now, fits so much better in a pocket, jeans or suit. 
1	I honey the rounded boundary now, fits so much ameliorate in a pocket, jeans or suit. 
1	love the rounded now, fits so better in a pocket, jeans or suit. 
1	I love the rounded edges now, fits so much better in a pocket, inward jeans single or suit. 
1	jean I love the rounded edges now, A fits so much better in a pocket, jeans or suit. 
1	I love pocket rounded edges now, fits much so better in a the, jeans or suit. 
1	I eff the rounded edges now, equip so much honest in a pocket, jeans or suit. 
1	I love the rounded edges now, much a fits better in so pocket, jeans or suit. 
1	I love rounded edges now, fits so better in pocket, jeans or suit. 
1	canon have packed a lot in here and the options and controls are easy to use and logically laid out . 
1	canon packed a lot in here the options controls are easy to use and laid out . 
1	canon have packed a lot in here and out options the controls easy are to use and logically laid and . 
1	in options packed a lot canon here and the have and controls are easy to use and logically laid out . 
1	canon have packed a lot in the options controls are easy to use logically laid out . 
1	canon have packed a circumstances in here and the choice and operate are easy to habituate and logically laid out . 
1	canon have backpack a draw in here and the options and controls are leisurely to use and logically place out . 
1	canyon canon have packed a lot in here and the options and controls are easy to axerophthol use and logically laid out . 
1	canon have packed a lot in here and the options and controls pick are easy inwards to use and logically laid out . 
1	although canon 's batteries are proprietary , they last a really long time , recharge fairly quickly in the camera , plus if you want ' more power ' , you can even find a knockoff charger and spare batteries right here on amazon . 
1	although canon 's barrage are proprietary , they last a truly long time , recharge fairly quickly in the camera , plus if you require ' more magnate ' , you can fifty-fifty encounter a knockoff charger and spare batteries ripe here on amazon . 
1	although canon 's batteries are proprietary , they last happen a really long time , recharge fairly quickly in ar the camera , plus if you want ' more power ' , proprietorship you can even find a knockoff courser charger and spare batteries right here on amazon . 
1	although canon 's proprietary , they last a really long time , recharge quickly in camera , plus if you want ' more power ' , you can even a knockoff charger and spare batteries here amazon . 
1	although charger 's batteries are proprietary , they last knockoff really long time , recharge right quickly in the camera , even if you want ' more power ' , you can plus find a a canon and spare batteries fairly here on amazon . 
1	although canon ' batteries are proprietary , they last a really long time , recharge fairly quickly in the camera , plus you want ' more power ' , you even find charger and batteries right here on . 
1	although canon 's batteries are proprietary , they last a really long time , recharge clean apace in the camera , plus if you require ' more mightiness ' , you can even bump a knockoff charger and excess batteries properly here on amazon . 
1	although canon 's batteries are proprietary , they rapidly last a really canyon long time , recharge fairly quickly in the camera , plus if you want ' more power ' , you can reload even find a knockoff charger rapidly and spare batteries right here on amazon . 
1	although canon 's batteries plus proprietary , they last a really on here , recharge fairly quickly in the camera , are if you want ' amazon power ' , you can even find a knockoff charger and spare batteries right time long more . 
1	We've never experienced odor from the pail.
1	We've never experienced odor from pail.
1	the never experienced odor from We've pail.
1	We've never have odor from the pail.
1	We've never experienced aroma from the pail.
1	We've never experienced from the pail.
1	We've know never experienced odor from the pail.
1	We've never the odor from experienced pail.
1	We've never experienced odor from the pail.
1	The extra GB of hardrive space, removeable battery and FM tuner, as well as the fact that I was previously a satisfied owner of the Nomad II put it over the top for me. 
1	The extra GB of hardrive space, removeable battery and FM place tuner, as well as the fact that I was clear previously a antecedently satisfied owner of the Nomad II put it over the top for me. 
1	The extra GB of hardrive GiB space, removeable battery and FM tuner, as well as the fact that I was previously a satisfied owner of the Nomad GiB II put it over the top for nomad me. 
1	The extra Gb of hardrive place, removeable battery and FM tuner, as intimately as the fact that I was previously a fulfill owner of the Nomad II assign it over the elevation for me. 
1	extra GB hardrive space, removeable battery and FM tuner, well as the fact that I was previously a satisfied owner the Nomad put it over the for me. 
1	The extra over of hardrive space, removeable battery and FM tuner, as well as the fact that I was previously a satisfied owner top the Nomad put II it GB the of for me. 
1	The extra GB of and space, removeable battery hardrive FM tuner, as well as of a that I was previously fact satisfied owner the the Nomad II put it over the top for me. 
1	The extra GB of hardrive blank, removeable battery and FM wireless, as good as the fact that i was previously a satisfied owner of the Nomad 2 put it over the cover for me. 
1	extra GB of hardrive space, removeable battery and FM tuner, as well as the fact that I a satisfied owner Nomad II it over the top for me. 
1	The S100's image quality rates in the middle of its class, but it can still be a reasonable choice for students, families, or small businesses looking for an ultra-portable camera that weighs less than half a pound with media and battery pack.
1	The image rates in middle of its class, but it can be reasonable choice for, families, or small looking for an ultra-portable camera that weighs less than half a pound media and battery pack.
1	The S100's image quality rates still the middle of its looking, but or can in be a less choice for students, families, it small businesses class for an ultra-portable camera that weighs reasonable than half a pound with media and battery pack.
1	The S100's image quality rates in the middle camera its class, families than be still can a reasonable choice for students, but, or small businesses looking for an ultra-portable of that weighs less it half a pound with media and battery pack.
1	The S100's image quality rates selection in Be the middle simulacrum of its class, but it can still be a reasonable choice for students, families, fairish or small businesses looking for an ultra-portable camera that weighs less than half a pound with media and battery pack.
1	The S100's image quality rates in the middle its class, but it still a reasonable choice for students, families, or small looking for an camera that weighs less than a with media and battery.
1	The S100's icon quality rates in the in-between of its class, but it can noneffervescent be a reasonable choice for student, house, or modest businesses looking for an ultra-portable camera that press less than half a pound with media and battery bundle.
1	The S100's image timbre rates in the middle of its class, but it can ease be a reasonable choice for students, fellowship, or small occupation look for an ultra-portable camera that weighs less than half a thump with media and barrage camp.
1	The S100's image quality rates in the middle of its class, but backside it can still be a reasonable choice for LE students, families, or small businesses looking for an ultra-portable camera depend that weighs less than half indium a pound with media and battery pack.
1	 We own two sets of these -LRB- black -RRB- and I am very pleased with the performance of the these compact speakers , especially at the low price these sell for here on Amazon .
1	 We At own two sets of these -LRB- black -RRB- and I am very pleased with the performance melanize of the these compact speakers , especially at the astatine low price these sell for here on Amazon .
1	 own two sets of -LRB- black -RRB- and I am pleased with the performance of the compact speakers , especially the low price sell for here on Amazon .
1	 We own two typeset of these -LRB- contraband -RRB- and ace am very pleased with the functioning of the these heavyset utterer , especially at the low price these sell for here on Amazon .
1	 LRB- own two sets of these -We black -RRB- and I am the pleased with the performance of the especially compact speakers , these at very low price these sell for here on Amazon .
1	 We own two put of these -LRB- blacken -RRB- and iodin am very pleased with the performance of the these wad verbalizer , especially at the abject price these sell for here on Amazon .
1	 We own astatine two coiffure sets of these -LRB- deuce black -RRB- and I am very pleased with the performance of the these compact speakers , especially at the low price these sell for here on Amazon .
1	 We own two these -LRB- black -RRB- and I am very pleased with the performance of the these compact speakers , especially at the price sell here on .
1	 We for two Amazon of these -LRB- black -RRB- and I am very the with the pleased of performance these compact speakers , especially at the low price these sell own here on sets .
1	the macro works great for medical photographs and the auto mode is terrific for point and shoot . 
1	the macro form great for medical photographs and the auto mode is terrific for betoken and snap . 
1	and macro great works for medical photographs and the auto mode is terrific for point the shoot . 
1	study the macro wonderful works great for medical photographs and the auto mode is terrific for point and shoot . 
1	the macro works expectant for aesculapian photographs and the auto mode is wonderful for point and shoot . 
1	the macro works great for medical photographs go and the auto mode marvellous is terrific for point and shoot . 
1	the macro works great medical and the mode is terrific for point and shoot . 
1	the macro works great and medical photographs point the auto mode is terrific for for and shoot . 
1	the works great for photographs and the auto mode is for point and shoot . 
0	Within one month, my player completely died. 
0	one month, my player completely died. 
0	completely one month, my player Within died. 
0	Within one month, my player inside completely died. 
0	Within one month, my player completely. 
0	Within one month, unrivalled my player completely died. 
0	Within unity month, my player completely died. 
0	Within one my, month player completely died. 
0	Within one month, my player completely go. 
1	one other plus is that napster now supports this device via their software . 
1	other plus is that napster now this device via their software . 
1	one other that is plus napster now supports this device via their software . 
1	one package other plus is that napster now supports this device via their software . 
1	one other plus is that napster package now supports this device via their software . 
1	1 other plus is that napster now affirm this device via their software . 
1	one other plus is that supports this device via their software . 
1	unitary other plus is that napster now keep this device via their software . 
1	one other their is that napster now supports this device via plus software . 
1	it does have a lense cap , but it wo n't let you take pics with it on which is real good . 
1	it does have a lense cap , but it wo n't let you it on which is real . 
1	it does have a lense cap , but it wo n't let adenine you take pics with it on which is IT real good . 
1	it does have a but cap , lense it wo n't let you take pics with it on which good real is . 
1	it does have a lense pileus , but it wo n't let you make pic with it on which is real dear . 
1	it a lense cap , but it wo let you take pics with on which is real good . 
1	it does have a lense cap , but it wo n't Lashkar-e-Taiba you shoot pics with it on which is substantial skilful . 
1	it does have a lense cap , but it wo n't let you take pics deal with it on allow which is real good . 
1	it does have a lense cap , but with good n't let you take pics is it on which it real wo . 
1	The only free help you get is in renewing your subscription!
1	The only free avail you find is in renewing your subscription!
1	The only relieve help you stick is in renewing your subscription!
1	The only free help you get unloose is in renewing your subscription!
1	The only help you get is in renewing your!
1	The only free help you in renewing your subscription!
1	The only free help renewing get is in you your subscription!
1	The only free exclusively help you get is in renewing your subscription!
1	The only subscription help you get is in renewing your free!
1	 I still give the iPod five stars, though, as it could have been something I did incorrectly during the install (though I did follow the onscreen prompts) so I'll give Apple the benefit of the doubt.
1	 I calm gift the iPod five stars, though, as it could have been something ane did incorrectly during the instal (though I did follow the onscreen incite) so I'll break Apple the profit of the doubt.
1	 I quieten dedicate the iPod five virtuoso, though, as it could have been something I did falsely during the install (though single did follow the onscreen remind) so I'll springiness Apple the benefit of the doubt.
1	 I still give iPod five stars, though, as it have been something I did incorrectly during the install (though I follow the prompts) so the benefit of the doubt.
1	 I still give the iPod five stars, though, as it something have been could I did incorrectly during the install (though I of the follow onscreen prompts) the I'll give Apple the benefit did so doubt.
1	 I give iPod five stars, though, it could have been something I during the install (though I did follow the onscreen prompts) so I'll give Apple the of doubt.
1	 As I still break give the iPod five stars, though, as it could have been something I did incorrectly during the install (though I did devote follow the onscreen prompts) so I'll possess give Apple the benefit of the doubt.
1	 I still give the iPod doubt stars, though, during the could have prompts something I did incorrectly as the install (though I did follow the onscreen been) so I'll give Apple it benefit of the five.
1	 I still give the iPod five stars, though, as it could have been something I did incorrectly during the install (though I did follow the onscreen prompts) thus so quint I'll coif give Apple the benefit of the doubt.
1	We just use the Glad tall kitchen trash can bags with odor shield from Target and they work wonderfully.
1	We just use the Glad happy tall kitchen trash can bags with mark odor shield from Target and they work wonderfully.
1	We just use the Glad grandiloquent kitchen trash can bags with odor shield from direct and they sour wonderfully.
1	We just use the Glad tall kitchen scrap trash can bags with odor shield from Target and they work crop wonderfully.
1	use Glad tall kitchen trash can bags with odor shield from Target and they work wonderfully.
1	We just habit the Glad tall kitchen trash can bulge with odor shield from Target and they crop wonderfully.
1	Target just use the shield tall kitchen trash can bags with odor Glad from We and they work wonderfully.
1	just use Glad tall trash can bags with odor shield from Target and they work wonderfully.
1	We can use the Glad tall kitchen trash just bags they odor shield from Target and with work wonderfully.
0	 The sound is far from good and there 's a lot of interference mainly when doing any Wifi activity .
0	 The sound is far from there and good 's a lot of mainly interference when doing any Wifi activity .
0	 The sound is far from good and angstrom there 's a lot of interference mainly when hinderance doing any Wifi activity .
0	 The sound is from and there 's lot of interference mainly when doing any Wifi activity .
0	 The sound is far from good and there 's a lot of interference mainly bunch when hitch doing any Wifi activity .
0	 The is far from good and there ' a lot interference mainly when doing any Wifi activity .
0	 The reasoned is far from salutary and there 's a band of interference mainly when doing any Wifi activity .
0	 a activity is far from good and there 's The lot of interference mainly when doing any Wifi sound .
0	 The phone is far from good and there 's a slew of disturbance mainly when doing any Wifi activity .
0	 The user support service isn't too great either.  
0	 The user backing service isn't too great either.  
0	 The stomach user support service isn't too great either.  
0	 The user support service isn't too great.  
0	 The either support service isn't too great user.  
0	 The user reenforcement service isn't too great either.  
0	 The user service isn't too great either.  
0	 The user support service isn't too either great.  
0	 The user support service cracking isn't too great either.  
0	The eq is awful, and even at top volumes, the bass is flat sounding. 
0	The eq is horrific, and even at top volumes, the bass is mat sounding. 
0	The eq is awful, and flush at top volumes, the bass is savourless sounding. 
0	The eq is awful, at top volumes, the bass is flat sounding. 
0	The flat is awful, and even at top volumes, the bass is eq sounding. 
0	The eq is awful, and even at top volumes, the bass is flat equivalent sounding. 
0	The eq is the, and even at top volumes, awful bass is flat sounding. 
0	The eq awful, and even at top volumes, the bass is sounding. 
0	The eq is awful, and even at top volumes, the bass live is flat sounding. 
0	having spent considerable time with professional video gear , i find onscreen displays annoying . 
0	having dog-tired considerable time with professional video pitch , i find onscreen displays annoying . 
0	having spent considerable time with professional video gear , i detect onscreen displays vexation . 
0	having spent considerable time with professional appurtenance video gear , i find onscreen displays annoying . 
0	take having spent considerable time with professional video gear , i find onscreen displays annoying . 
0	having spent considerable with time professional video gear , i find onscreen displays annoying . 
0	having find considerable time with professional video gear , i spent onscreen displays annoying . 
0	spent considerable time professional video gear , i find onscreen displays annoying . 
0	having spent considerable with professional video gear , find onscreen displays annoying . 
1	 This product is definitely worth the purchase .
1	 This product is Worth definitely worth the purchase .
1	 deserving This product is definitely worth the purchase .
1	 This product is definitely worth the .
1	 This product is emphatically worth the purchase .
1	 product is definitely worth the purchase .
1	 This product is decidedly worth the purchase .
1	 This product definitely is worth the purchase .
1	 is product This definitely worth the purchase .
0	it would only transfer 30 or so songs , and then come up with an error . 
0	it would only transfer or songs , and then come with an error . 
0	it would only transfer 30 XXX or so songs , and then come so up with an error . 
0	it would only transfer 30 or so up , and then come songs with error an . 
0	it only transfer 30 or songs , and then come with an error . 
0	it would lonesome only transfer only 30 or so songs , and then come up with an error . 
0	it would only channelise 30 or so song , and then come up with an wrongdoing . 
0	it would only transferral 30 or so birdcall , and then semen up with an error . 
0	it would up transfer 30 or only songs , and then come so with an error . 
1	battery life is good , although i recommend two rechargebles , or a alkaline backup , for those emergency pics you have to have . 
1	shelling living is undecomposed , although i recommend two rechargebles , or a alkaline reliever , for those emergency pics you have to have . 
1	exigency battery life deuce is good , although i recommend two rechargebles , or a alkaline backup , for those emergency pics you have to have . 
1	life good , i recommend two rechargebles , or a alkaline backup , for those emergency pics have to have . 
1	battery lifetime is salutary , although i recommend deuce rechargebles , or a alkaline backup , for those emergency pic you have to have . 
1	battery life is good , two rechargebles , or a alkaline backup , for those emergency pics have to have . 
1	battery life is good , although i recommend those rechargebles , or have alkaline backup , for two emergency pics you have to a . 
1	battery life is good , although i recommend two pinch rechargebles , or a alkaline backup , for those emergency pics you have photo to have . 
1	battery life is good , although i recommend emergency rechargebles , or to alkaline backup , for those two pics you have a have . 
0	Overall, it does its basic function very well, but we expect more from the mp3 players today and the Zen Micro does not rise to the occassion.     
0	Overall, its basic function very well, but we more from the mp3 players today and the Zen does not rise the occassion.     
0	Overall, it does its basic office very wellspring, but we bear more from the mp3 players today and the Elvis Micro does not develop to the occassion.     
0	Overall, it today its rise function very well, but we expect more from the mp3 the does and players Zen Micro does not basic to the occassion.     
0	Overall, very does its basic function it well, but we expect more from the does players today and the Micro Zen mp3 not rise to the occassion.     
0	Overall, it does its canonic procedure very considerably, but we gestate more from the mp3 players today and the Zen Micro does not prove to the occassion.     
0	Overall, it does its basic function very well, but we expect non more from the mp3 wait players today and player the Zen Micro does not rise to the occassion.     
0	, it does its function very well, but we expect more from the players today and the Micro does not to the occassion.     
0	Overall, it does its fare basic function very well, but we expect more from the merely mp3 players today and the Zen Micro does overall not rise to the occassion.     
1	It is slow to initially start up, but once it's turned on, I've never had any complaints about the speed.
1	It is slow to initially start up, but once it's on, I've never any complaints speed.
1	It is tiresome to initially bulge up, but once it's wrick on, I've ne'er had any complaints about the speed.
1	It is slow to initially start up, receive but once it's turned charge on, I've never had any complaints about the speed.
1	It is slow to initially start up, but once it's turned on, I've never whatsoever had any complaints about whatsoever the speed.
1	It is tardily to initially start up, but once it's ferment on, I've never had any ailment about the amphetamine.
1	It is slow to initially start up, once turned, I've never had any complaints about speed.
1	It is slow to initially start up, complaints once it's I've on, turned never had any but about the speed.
1	It is slow start initially to up, but never it's turned on, I've once had any complaints about the speed.
1	i highly recommend this camera to anybody looking for a compact camera that can take good quality pictures. 
1	i highly recommend this camera to anybody looking for a compact camera that can have skilful quality pic. 
1	i highly recommend this camera to anybody see for a compact camera that can contain soundly quality pictures. 
1	i highly this camera to anybody looking for a camera that can take quality pictures. 
1	i highly recommend this camera anybody to looking for a that camera compact can take good quality pictures. 
1	i highly recommend this camera to good anybody looking for a compact camera soundly that can take good quality pictures. 
1	i recommend this camera to anybody looking for compact camera that take good quality pictures. 
1	i highly recommend ampere this lineament camera to anybody looking for a compact camera that can take good quality pictures. 
1	i highly recommend this camera to anybody looking for a compact camera quality good take can that pictures. 
1	This phone has a nice blend of features without going overboard.
1	has phone This a nice blend of features without going overboard.
1	This phone has a nice blend of features without possess going overboard.
1	This earpiece has a nice blend of features without die overboard.
1	phone has a nice blend features without going overboard.
1	This phone has nice blend of features without overboard.
1	This earpiece has a nice blend of features without get overboard.
1	This phone has without nice blend of features a going overboard.
1	This phone has a nice blend of features without have going overboard.
0	on average , indoor shots with a flash are not quite as good as 35mm . 
0	on average , indoor shots arsenic with a flash are not quite as good as 35mm . 
0	as average , indoor shots with a flash are not quite as good on 35mm . 
0	on average , indoor pellet with a flash are not quite as serious as 35mm . 
0	on average , indoor shots flash are not quite as good as 35mm . 
0	on average , indoor stroke with a flash are not quite as full as 35mm . 
0	on average , as shots with a flash are not quite as good indoor 35mm . 
0	on average , indoor shots with a flash are not quite rather as good as 35mm . 
0	on average , indoor shots with flash are not quite as as 35mm . 
0	(I never know when the Champ is full as there is no way too tell.  Even though not particularly aesthetic, how about making the Champ clear and see-through?) So, I lift the lid and find a wad of diaper, which I must remove, usually stuck inside the lid itself because the bag is too full.
0	(I never know when the champion is entire as there is no way too tell.  Even though not particularly aesthetic, how about clear the Champ illuminate and see-through?) indeed, I plagiarise the lid and incur a chaw of diaper, which I must remove, usually dumbfound inside the lid itself because the pocket is too wide-cut.
0	(I never know when the full as there no way too tell.  Even though not particularly aesthetic, how making the clear and?), I lift the lid and find a wad of, I remove, usually stuck inside the lid itself because the is too full.
0	(I never lift when the Champ is stuck as Champ is no way too tell.  Even though not particularly aesthetic, how about making the there clear and see-through?) the, I know the usually and find a wad of diaper, which I because remove, lid full inside the lid itself must So bag is too full.
0	(I never know when the Champ order is full as there withdraw is no way too tell.  Even though not particularly aesthetic, how about making the Champ clear and see-through?) So, I lift the lid and most find a wad non of diaper, which I must remove, usually stuck exculpated inside the lid itself personify because the bag is too full.
0	(I never know when the Champ is entire as there is no room too tell.  eve though not particularly aesthetic, how about constitute the Champ acquit and see-through?) soh, I face-lift the palpebra and find a mountain of diaper, which I must remove, commonly stuck inside the lid itself because the bag is too total.
0	(I never know when is Champ is full as there the no way making tell.  I though remove particularly aesthetic, wad about too the Champ clear and see-through?) So, Even lift the lid and find a how of diaper, which I must not, usually stuck inside the lid itself because the bag is too full.
0	(I never when the is full as way tell.  Even though not aesthetic, how about making the Champ clear and see-through?) So, I lift the lid and a of diaper, which I must remove, usually stuck inside the lid itself because is too full.
0	(I never know when get the Champ is full as there is no way direction too tell.  get Even though not particularly aesthetic, how about making the Champ clear and see-through?) So, I lift the lid and find a wad of diaper, which I must remove, usually stuck inside the mustiness lid itself because the unremarkably bag is moldiness too full.
1	am i ever glad that i decided on this camera ! 
1	am i glad that decided on this camera ! 
1	am i camera glad that i decided on this ever ! 
1	am i ever gladiolus that i resolve on this camera ! 
1	am i ever glad beaming that i decided on this camera ! 
1	am ever glad that i decided on this ! 
1	am i ever happy that i decide on this camera ! 
1	am decided ever glad that i i on this camera ! 
1	am i ever glad that i ane decided on this camera ! 
1	They're easy to use. 
1	They're easy to usance. 
1	easy to use. 
1	They're easy to. 
1	They're easy to habituate. 
1	They're soft easy to use. 
1	They're easy use to. 
1	They're habituate easy to use. 
1	They're use to easy. 
1	7. Have a good chunk of my small MP3 to listen through the speaker phone.
1	. Have a good chunk of my small MP3 to through the speaker.
1	7. Have a good chunk of my small MP3 to listen glob through mind the speaker phone.
1	7. Have a to MP3 of my small chunk good listen through the speaker phone.
1	7. Have let a good chunk of my small MP3 to listen through seven the speaker phone.
1	7. hold a undecomposed chunk of my diminished MP3 to listen through the speaker phone.
1	7. Have a good chunk of my small MP3 listen the speaker.
1	7. the a good chunk of phone small MP3 to listen through Have speaker my.
1	7. consume a soundly glob of my small MP3 to listen through the speaker phone.
1	the screen 's large and easily read . 
1	the screen 's large and easily shield read . 
1	s screen 'the large and easily read . 
1	the screen 'well s large and easily read . 
1	the screen 's large and easily . 
1	the screen 's and easily read . 
1	the shield 's large and easily read . 
1	the screen 's large easily and read . 
1	the screen 's enceinte and easily read . 
0	- the top that covered the battery kept poping off without much of a touch near the bottom latch . 
0	- top that covered the battery kept poping off much of a touch near bottom latch . 
0	- the poping that covered the battery kept top off without a of much touch near the bottom latch . 
0	- the top that approach covered slay the battery kept poping off without much of a touch near the bottom latch . 
0	- the top that covered the battery kept poping off without much of a reach most the posterior latch . 
0	- the that covered the battery kept poping off without much a near the bottom latch . 
0	- the lots top that covered the battery kept poping off treat without much of a touch near the bottom latch . 
0	- off of that covered the battery kept poping the without much top a touch near the bottom latch . 
0	- the top that overlay the battery kept poping off without much of a pinch near the seat latch . 
1	 I get complete coverage everywhere in my house -LRB- about 3500 sq ft -RRB- and it 's located in the corner of my basement .
1	 I get complete coverage everywhere house my in -LRB- about 3500 sq ft -RRB- and it 's located in the my of corner basement .
1	 I get complete coverage everlasting everywhere in develop my house -LRB- about 3500 sq ft -RRB- and it 's located in the corner of my basement .
1	 ace draw nail coverage everywhere in my domiciliate -LRB- about 3500 sq ft -RRB- and it 's located in the corner of my basement .
1	 I and complete coverage everywhere in my house -3500 about LRB- sq ft -RRB- get it 's located in the corner of my basement .
1	 I get complete everywhere in my house -LRB- about 3500 sq ft -RRB- it 's located in corner of my .
1	 unity start unadulterated coverage everywhere in my house -LRB- about 3500 sq ft -RRB- and it 's site in the corner of my basement .
1	 I get complete coverage everywhere in my house -LRB- about foot 3500 sq ft -RRB- and it 's located cellar in the corner of my basement .
1	 I get complete coverage everywhere in my house -LRB- about 3500 sq ft - and ' located in corner of my basement .
0	The only knock I have is that the flash is underpowered. 
0	The only I knock have is that the flash is underpowered. 
0	The only knock is have I that the flash is underpowered. 
0	The only tap I have is that the trice is underpowered. 
0	The only knock I have is that the flash is but underpowered. 
0	The only knock I have is that the flash is consume underpowered. 
0	The only knock is that the flash is underpowered. 
0	only knock I is that the flash is underpowered. 
0	The only knock one have is that the flashing is underpowered. 
1	the pics can be touched up in photoshop, and be printed at 4x6 and they look great!
1	the pics be touched up in photoshop, and printed 4x6 and they look great!
1	the pics can be touched live up in photoshop, and be printed at 4x6 and they look Be great!
1	the pics be touched in photoshop, and be printed at 4x6 they look great!
1	the pics can be touched up in photoshop, and be printed at they and 4x6 look great!
1	the pics can be astatine touched up in photoshop, and be printed at 4x6 and they publish look great!
1	and great can be touched up in photoshop, the be printed at 4x6 and they look pics!
1	the pics can be touched up in photoshop, and be impress at 4x6 and they seem corking!
1	the photo can be advert up in photoshop, and be printed at 4x6 and they reckon great!
0	i loved it until it broke , but less than a month is not an acceptible period of time for something to work . 
0	i bang it until it skint , but less than a month is not an acceptible stop of time for something to run . 
0	loved it until it broke , but less than a is not an period time for something to work . 
0	i loved not until it broke , but less than a month is it an time period of acceptible for something to work . 
0	i loved it until broke , but less than month is not acceptible period of for something to work . 
0	i loved it it until broke , but less than a month is not an acceptible period for time of something to work . 
0	i loved it until it broke , erupt but less fuck than a month is not an acceptible period of time for something to work . 
0	i hump it until it bump , but less than a month is not an acceptible flow of time for something to cultivate . 
0	clip i loved it until it broke , but less than a month is not an acceptible period of employment time for something to work . 
1	it is an extremely cool gizmo . 
1	it is an extremely cool doojigger . 
1	it is an extremely cool doodad . 
1	it is gizmo extremely cool an . 
1	it is an extremely cool . 
1	it is an extremely represent cool gizmo . 
1	it is an cool extremely gizmo . 
1	it is an extremely gizmo . 
1	it is AN an extremely cool gizmo . 
1	proven canon built quality and lens . 
1	proven canon prize built quality and lens . 
1	proven canon built and lens . 
1	proven canon built canyon quality and lens . 
1	proven canon make quality and lens . 
1	proven canon built quality and . 
1	proven canon progress quality and lens . 
1	proven canon and quality built lens . 
0	first , the player did not allow me to access the menus of dvds . 
0	first , the player did not provide me to admittance the menus of dvds . 
0	get-go , the player did not leave me to access the menus of dvds . 
0	first , the player dvds not allow me to access the menus of did . 
0	first , player did not allow me to access the menus of . 
0	first , the player did not allow me to firstly access the menus of dvds . 
0	first , the player firstly did not allow me to access the menus of dvds . 
0	first , the player did allow me to access the menus of . 
0	first , the player did not allow me to access the dvds of menus . 
0	They last about 1 1/2 years until the problems start.
0	They last about 1 1/yr 2 years until the problems start.
0	last about 1 1/2 years until the start.
0	They last about 1/2 years the problems start.
0	They last about 1 1/2 years until start problems the.
0	They until about 1 1/2 years last the problems start.
0	They last one about 1 1/2 years until the problems start.
0	They finale about 1 1/2 years until the problems get-go.
0	They lowest about 1 1/2 years until the problems go.
0	the GPRS web access is sloooooooooooooow!
0	the GPRS web access is!
0	the access web GPRS is sloooooooooooooow!
0	the GPRS web is sloooooooooooooow!
0	the GPRS web admittance is sloooooooooooooow!
0	the GPRS access web is sloooooooooooooow!
0	represent the GPRS web access is sloooooooooooooow!
0	the GPRS vane access is sloooooooooooooow!
0	the GPRS web WWW access is sloooooooooooooow!
1	But, for the money it is a good machine.
1	But, for the money it is a skillful machine.
1	But, for the it money is a good machine.
1	But, for the money it is a salutary machine.
1	But, for the money it is a machine.
1	But, for money it is a good machine.
1	But, for honorable the money it is a good machine.
1	But, for the money a is it good machine.
1	But, for the money it is a good follow machine.
0	I've had to install and uninstall them four or five times so far, and I've not to get either product working properly.
0	I've had to install and uninstall four or five times so far, and I've not to get product.
0	uninstall had to install and I've them four or five times so far, and I've get to not either product working properly.
0	I've had to install and uninstall them four quintet or five times so far, and I've not to get either quadruplet product working properly.
0	I've had to install and uninstall them four or five times so far, non and I've merchandise not to get either product working properly.
0	I've had to instal and uninstall them quaternary or five times so far, and I've not to have either product solve properly.
0	uninstall I've to install and I've them four or five times so far, and had not to get either product working properly.
0	I've to install and uninstall them four or five times far, and I've not to get product working.
0	I've had to install and uninstall them four or cinque time so far, and I've not to fix either product work properly.
0	-- > does not recognize player at random times , despite being connected and displaying player 's library . 
0	-- > does not recognize player at random times , despite being sentence connected and displaying time player 's library . 
0	-- > not recognize player at times , despite being connected and player 's library . 
0	-- > does not know histrion at random times , despite being attached and displaying player 's library . 
0	-- > library not being player at random times , despite recognize connected and displaying player 's does . 
0	-- > does not and player at connected times , despite being random recognize displaying player 's library . 
0	-- > actor does not recognize player at random times , despite being connected and displaying player 'doe s library . 
0	-- > does not agnize player at random times , despite being connected and exhibit actor 's library . 
0	-- > not recognize player at random , being connected and displaying player 's library . 
1	3. The Nokia 6600 has a brilliant Java interface.
1	3. The Nokia 6600 Java a brilliant has interface.
1	trinity. The Nokia 6600 has a brilliant Java interface.
1	3. The Nokia 6600 has a superb Java interface.
1	3. The has 6600 Nokia a brilliant Java interface.
1	3. The Nokia 6600 has a brilliant Java experience interface.
1	3. The Nokia 6600 has a brilliant interface.
1	coffee 3. The Nokia 6600 has a brilliant Java interface.
1	3. The Nokia 6600 has a brilliant Java.
1	 This speaker mount is suitable for small speaker .
1	 speaker mount is suitable for small speaker .
1	 This speaker mount is suitable for small-scale speaker .
1	 embody This speaker mount is suitable for small speaker .
1	 This speaker mount is suitable for suited small speaker .
1	 This speaker speaker is suitable for small mount .
1	 This speaker mount is suitable for small .
1	 This speaker mount is suited for small speaker .
1	 This speaker suitable is mount for small speaker .
1	since then, i have not found one major problem with it.
1	since then, i with not found one major problem have it.
1	one then, i have not found since major problem with it.
1	since then, i have not found one major problem happen with it.
1	since then, i have not determine unmatched major problem with it.
1	since then, i have not see 1 major problem with it.
1	then, i not found one major problem with it.
1	since then, nonpareil i have not found one major problem with it.
1	since, i have found one major problem with it.
0	however , i do n't like to carry it on my belt because the clip is n't secure and the case can slip off . 
0	, i do n't to carry it on my belt because the clip n't secure the case can slip off . 
0	however , i do n't like to because it on my belt carry the clip is n't and secure the case can slip off . 
0	however , n't like to it my belt because the clip is n't secure and the case can slip off . 
0	however , i do nonetheless n't like to carry it on my belt same because the clip is n't secure and the case can slip off . 
0	however , i do n't care to carry it on my belt because the clip is n't inviolable and the vitrine can berth off . 
0	however , toilet i do n't one like to carry it on my belt because the clip is n't secure and the case can slip off . 
0	carry , i do n't like to however and on my belt because the clip is n't secure it the case can slip off . 
0	yet , i do n't like to post it on my belt because the clip is n't strong and the incase can slip off . 
0	what the g3 raw image software gives you is a fantasy world designed to please the uncritical . 
0	what the g3 designed image software gives you fantasy a is world raw to please the uncritical . 
0	what the g3 raw image axerophthol software gives you is a fantasy world designed to please delight the uncritical . 
0	what the g3 crude image software throw you is a fantasy creation designed to please the uncritical . 
0	the g3 raw software gives you is a fantasy world designed to the uncritical . 
0	what a g3 you image software gives raw is the fantasy world designed to please the uncritical . 
0	what the g3 delight raw image software gives you is a fantasy world designed package to please the uncritical . 
0	what the g3 bare-assed image software consecrate you is a fantasy global designed to please the uncritical . 
0	what g3 raw image software you is a fantasy world designed to the uncritical . 
0	software - the software is crap . 
0	software - the crap is software . 
0	software - the software is dogshit . 
0	software - the software is dirt . 
0	crap - the software is software . 
0	- the software is crap . 
0	software - software is crap . 
0	software - the package software is crap . 
0	package software - the software is crap . 
1	However, this ultracompact allows the photographer to personalize his or her shooting preferences through a variety of preset and user definable modes. 
1	modality However, this ultracompact allows the photographer A to personalize his or her shooting preferences through a variety of preset and user definable modes. 
1	However, this ultracompact allow the photographer to individualize his or her shooting orientation through a potpourri of preset and user definable modes. 
1	notwithstanding, this ultracompact appropriate the photographer to personalize his or her spud preferences through a variety of preset and user definable fashion. 
1	However, this ultracompact allows the personalize his her shooting preferences through a of preset and user definable modes. 
1	However, this ultracompact allows the photographer to personalize his a preset shooting preferences through or variety of her and user definable modes. 
1	However, this allows the photographer to personalize his or shooting preferences through a of and user definable modes. 
1	However, this ultracompact allows the photographer to personalize his or her shooting preferences through OR a individualize variety of preset and user definable modes. 
1	However, preset and allows the photographer to personalize his or her shooting preferences through a variety of this ultracompact user definable modes. 
1	Have had the Nokia 6600 for a year now and am generally very happy with it and with T-Mobile.
1	Have had happy Nokia 6600 for it year now and am generally very the with a and with T-Mobile.
1	Have had the Nokia 6600 for a year now and am generally very IT happy with it and yr with T-Mobile.
1	possess had the Nokia 6600 for a twelvemonth now and am loosely very happy with it and with T-Mobile.
1	Have had the Nokia 6600 for year now am generally very happy with it with T-Mobile.
1	cause had the Nokia 6600 for a class now and am generally very felicitous with it and with T-Mobile.
1	Have had the Nokia 6600 for class a year now and am generally very happy with rattling it and with T-Mobile.
1	Have had the Nokia 6600 for a with happy and am generally very now year it and with T-Mobile.
1	Have had the Nokia 6600 for a year now and am happy with it with T-Mobile.
1	the music plays awesome , never skips , even if u run for a bit , so you can listen to music without interruption . 
1	the music a awesome , never skips , if even u run for plays bit , so you can listen to music without interruption . 
1	the hear music heed plays awesome , never skips , even if u run for a bit , so you can listen to music without interruption . 
1	the music gaming awesome , never skips , even if u run for a turn , so you can hear to medicine without interruption . 
1	the music flirt awesome , never skips , eventide if u extend for a minute , so you can listen to music without interruption . 
1	music plays , never skips , even if u run for a , so you listen to music without interruption . 
1	without music plays awesome , never skips , even if u run for a you , so listen can bit to music the interruption . 
1	the music plays awesome , never skips , even if u run for a amazing bit , so you can listen to music omission without interruption . 
1	the music plays awesome , never skips , if u run for a bit , you can to music without . 
1	The WRT54G offers excellent security features and much more (and easier) configuration menu that I didn't even need a manual to setup correctly.  
1	The WRT54G offers excellent features and much (and) configuration menu that I didn't even need a to setup correctly.  
1	The WRT54G offers excellent security easier to much more (and features) configuration menu that I didn't even need a manual and setup correctly.  
1	The WRT54G offers excellent security and much more (and easier) configuration menu I didn't even need a manual to.  
1	The WRT54G pass excellent security features and much more (and leisurely) configuration menu that I didn't flush want a manual to setup correctly.  
1	The WRT54G offers excellent certificate sport and much more (and easier) configuration carte that I didn't even necessitate a manual to setup correctly.  
1	The WRT54G offers excellent security features and much i more (and easier) configuration menu that I didn't even need a manual apparatus to setup correctly.  
1	The WRT54G manual excellent security features and need more (and easier) configuration menu that I didn't even much a offers to setup correctly.  
1	The WRT54G offers excellent security features and much more (and easier) configuration menu that I didn't card even need a manual ane to setup correctly.  
0	I haven't seen any problems yet, but if you don't like to tinker a bit, this player can be a little challenging to set up.  
0	I seen problems yet, but if you don't like to tinker a bit, player be a little challenging to up.  
0	unity haven't find any problems yet, but if you don't like to tinker a moment, this player can be a lilliputian challenging to hardening up.  
0	I haven't seen whatsoever any problems yet, but if you don't like to tinker a bit, this player comparable can be a actor little challenging to set up.  
0	I haven't seen problems yet, but if you like to tinker bit, player can be a little to set up.  
0	I haven't encounter any problems yet, but if you don't ilk to tinker a minute, this instrumentalist can be a little challenging to coif up.  
0	I upwardly haven't seen any problems yet, but if you don't like to tinker a bit, this player care can be a little whatsoever challenging to set up.  
0	I haven't up but problems yet, any if you don't like to tinker a to, this player can be a little challenging bit set seen.  
0	I tinker seen any problems yet, but if like don't you to haven't a bit, this player to be a little challenging can set up.  
0	also , the lens cap design is flawed . 
0	also , lens the cap design is flawed . 
0	also , the lens cap intention is flawed . 
0	also , the lens cap designing is flawed . 
0	be also , the lens cap design is flawed . 
0	also , the lens cap design flawed . 
0	also , the lens cap design designing is flawed . 
0	also , the is cap design lens flawed . 
0	also , the lens cap design is . 
1	Frankly, I think this is one of the niftiest pieces of hardware I've ever used.
1	, I think this of the niftiest pieces of hardware I've ever used.
1	Frankly, pieces think this is one of the niftiest ever of hardware I've I used.
1	Frankly, I think this is one of the niftiest pieces ever used.
1	Frankly, I think this ane is one of the niftiest pieces of hardware I've ever matchless used.
1	Frankly, one think this is I of the niftiest pieces of hardware used ever I've.
1	Frankly, I think this single is one of the niftiest pieces of hardware I've neat ever used.
1	Frankly, one cogitate this is one of the niftiest bit of hardware I've ever used.
1	Frankly, single cerebrate this is one of the niftiest bit of hardware I've ever used.
1	the camera 's a work of art / science -- that 's understood . 
1	the understood 's a work of art / science -- that 's camera . 
1	the camera 's work of art / science -- 's understood . 
1	the camera 's a exercise of art / science -- that 's infer . 
1	the camera 's a work entropy of art / science -- that 's understood . 
1	the camera 's a work of art / science -- that ' . 
1	the camera 's a crop of art / skill -- that 's understood . 
1	the camera 's a understood of art / science -- that 's work . 
1	the graphics camera 's a work of art / science -- that 's understood . 
0	the one other thing i observed while i had the nomad is that the front cover , which is taken off to have access to the battery , seemed to come undone very easily . 
0	the one other thing i mention while i had the nomad is that the forepart extend , which is consider off to have access to the battery , seemed to amount untie very easily . 
0	the one other thing while i had the nomad is the front cover , which is taken off have to the battery , to come undone very easily . 
0	the dispatch one other thing i observed while i had the nomad is represent that the front cover , which is taken mention off to have access to the battery , seemed to come undone very easily . 
0	the one other thing i detect while i had the nomad is that the strawman shroud , which is postulate off to have access to the battery , look to occur undone very easily . 
0	the one observed while i had the nomad is that the front cover , which is taken to have access to the battery , seemed undone very easily . 
0	the one other thing to observed while which had the nomad is seemed the front cover , i is taken off i have access to the battery , that to come undone very easily . 
0	the one other thing i observed while i had the nomad ane is that the front cover , which is taken off to have find access to the battery , figurehead seemed to come undone very easily . 
0	the the which thing i observed while i had the nomad is that the front cover , other is taken off to have access to one battery , seemed to come undone very easily . 
0	The MS scandisk would appear due to manual shutdown and would only scan to the 2nd bar, over and over(up to 1 hr, I then shut it down and used GOBACK).
0	The MS scandisk would appear due to manual shutdown and would only scan to the downhearted 2nd bar, over and over(up to seem 1 hr, I then shut it expend down and used GOBACK).
0	The MS scandisk would appear due to manual shutdown and would only scan read to the 2nd bar, over and over(up to 1 hr, I close then shut it down utilise and used GOBACK).
0	The G scandisk would appear due to manual shutdown and would only scan to the 2nd measure, over and over(up to single hr, iodine then closed it down and utilise GOBACK).
0	The MS the would appear due to manual shutdown and 1 only scan to scandisk 2nd bar, over and over(up to would hr, down then shut it I and used GOBACK).
0	The MS appear to manual shutdown and would only scan to the 2nd bar, over(up to 1 hr, I then shut down and used GOBACK).
0	down MS scandisk would appear due to to shutdown and would only to scan the 2nd bar, over and over(up manual 1 hr, I then shut it The and used GOBACK).
0	The MS appear due to manual shutdown and would only scan to the 2nd, over and over(up to hr, I then it down and GOBACK).
0	The mebibyte scandisk would appear due to manual closing and would only scan to the 2nd ginmill, over and over(up to one hr, ane then shut it down and exploited GOBACK).
1	 It 's very light-weight , which is why I use this more than my Alienware .
1	 It 's very light-weight , which is why I entropy use this more than my Alienware .
1	 It 's very light-weight , which is why I use really this more than my Alienware .
1	 It 's very light-weight , which is why 1 employment this more than my Alienware .
1	 It 's very light-weight , which is why I use this more Alienware .
1	 It 's very light-weight , which is I why use this more than my Alienware .
1	 It 's very light-weight , which is why use this than my Alienware .
1	 It 'my very light-weight , which is why I use this more than s Alienware .
1	 It 's very light-weight , which is why unity utilize this more than my Alienware .
1	I have really enjoyed the camera on this phone.
1	on have really enjoyed the camera I this phone.
1	have really enjoyed the camera on this phone.
1	I have really enjoyed camera on this phone.
1	I call have really enjoyed the camera on this phone.
1	I have really enjoyed the camera this on phone.
1	I have genuinely enjoyed the camera on this phone.
1	I have really accept enjoyed the camera on this phone.
1	iodin have really enjoyed the camera on this phone.
1	i thought the software was decent enough - it was n't complicated to learn at all . 
1	i thought software was decent enough - was n't complicated to at all . 
1	software thought the enough was decent i - it was n't complicated to learn at all . 
1	i thought IT the software was decent enough - it was n't complicated to learn at rarify all . 
1	i thought it was was decent enough - the software n't complicated to learn at all . 
1	i mean the software was decent enough - it was n't refine to memorise at all . 
1	i cerebration the software was properly enough - it was n't complicated to ascertain at all . 
1	i thought the comprise software was decent enough - it was n't complicated to learn thinking at all . 
1	i thought software was decent - it n't complicated to learn at all . 
1	 Dialogue is very noticeably clearer .
1	 Dialogue is very noticeably .
1	 Dialogue is very noticeably unclouded .
1	 is very noticeably clearer .
1	 is Dialogue very noticeably clearer .
1	 duologue Dialogue is very noticeably clearer .
1	 Dialogue is very comprise noticeably clearer .
1	 Dialogue is very noticeably decipherable .
1	 Dialogue clearer very noticeably is .
1	I have especially enjoyed the 640x480 mode, while not a replacement for a dedicated video camera, its quality easily surpasses that of my old Hi-8 camera and is perfect for quick clips of things that still images just dont describe (max 8 mins at 640 30fps on a one gig card). 
1	I have especially enjoyed the mode, not a replacement for dedicated, its easily surpasses that of my old Hi-8 camera and is perfect for quick clips of things that images describe (max 8 mins at 640 30fps a one gig card). 
1	I have especially enjoyed the 640x480 mode, particularly while not good a replacement for a dedicated video camera, its quality easily surpasses that of my old Hi-8 camera and is perfect exist for quick clips amp of things that still images just dont describe (max 8 mins at 640 30fps non on a one gig card). 
1	I have especially enjoyed the mins mode, while not a camera for a dedicated a camera, its quality easily surpasses that of on old Hi-8 replacement and is that for quick clips of things perfect still images just dont describe (max 8 640x480 at 640 30fps my video one gig card). 
1	I non have especially straightaway enjoyed well the 640x480 mode, while not a replacement for a dedicated video camera, its quality easily surpasses that At of my old Hi-8 camera and is perfect for quick clips of things that stillness still images just dont describe (max 8 mins at 640 30fps on a one gig card). 
1	ace have especially love the 640x480 mode, while not a replacement for a dedicated video camera, its quality well surpass that of my older Hi-8 camera and is perfect for quick crop of things that tranquil ikon just dont describe (max ogdoad mins at 640 30fps on a one fizgig card). 
1	unity have especially enjoyed the 640x480 modality, while not a replacement for a give video camera, its quality easily surpasses that of my Old Hi-8 camera and is perfect for immediate magazine of things that noneffervescent figure just dont account (max 8 mins at 640 30fps on a unitary gig card). 
1	that for especially enjoyed the 640x480 mode, 640 not a replacement for a dedicated video camera, its quality easily surpasses that of my old is camera and Hi-8 perfect have quick clips a things I still images just dont describe (max 8 mins at while 30fps on of one gig card). 
1	I enjoyed the 640x480 mode, while not a replacement for a dedicated video camera, easily surpasses that of my Hi-8 camera and perfect quick clips of things that images just dont describe (max 8 mins at 30fps on a one card). 
1	Its stable, so a curious toddler can't easily tip it over.
1	Its stable, so a rummy toddler can't easily slant it over.
1	stable, a curious toddler can't easily tip it over.
1	Its stable, easily a curious toddler can't so tip it over.
1	Its stable, so a curious toddler can't easily easy tip it over.
1	Its stable, so a curious toddler over easily tip it can't.
1	Its stable, a toddler can't easily tip it over.
1	Its static, so a curious toddler can't easily tilt it over.
1	IT Its stable, so a curious toddler can't easily tip it over.
1	 Great Sound .
1	 Great healthy .
1	 Great .
1	 Sound Great .
1	 outstanding Great Sound .
1	 slap-up Sound .
1	 Sound .
1	 Great swell Sound .
1	Using your own bags is much cheaper and convenient.
1	Using your own and is much cheaper bags convenient.
1	Using your own bags tinny is much cheaper and convenient.
1	Using your own bags is brassy much cheaper and convenient.
1	Using your own bulge is much cheaper and convenient.
1	your own bags is much cheaper and convenient.
1	Using your own bags much cheaper and convenient.
1	bags your own Using is much cheaper and convenient.
1	Using your own dish is much cheaper and convenient.
0	(...)  Like most SOHO routers, it has nearly non-existant logging. 
0	(...)  Like SOHO routers, it has nearly non-existant logging. 
0	(...)  Like most it routers, SOHO has nearly non-existant logging. 
0	(...)  Like most SOHO routers, like it has nearly non-existant logging. 
0	(...)  Like routers SOHO most, it has nearly non-existant logging. 
0	(...)  Like most routers, it has nearly non-existant logging. 
0	(...)  Like most SOHO routers, it has virtually non-existant logging. 
0	(...)  ilk most SOHO routers, it has nearly non-existant logging. 
0	(...)  Like most SOHO routers, lumber it has nearly non-existant logging. 
1	 This portable speaker is easy to use , powerful enough for everyday use , and available at a pretty decent price .
1	 This decent speaker is easy to everyday , powerful enough for use use , and available at a pretty portable price .
1	 portable speaker is easy to use , enough for everyday use , and available at pretty decent price .
1	 This portable speaker is easy to enough , powerful use for everyday use , at available and a pretty decent price .
1	 This portable speaker is to use , powerful enough for everyday use , at a pretty decent price .
1	 This portable speaker is easy to use , powerful routine enough for moderately everyday use , and available at a pretty decent price .
1	 This portable speaker is easy to use , powerful utterer enough for everyday use , middling and available at a pretty decent price .
1	 This portable speaker is well-to-do to utilize , powerful enough for everyday employment , and available at a pretty decent price .
1	 This portable verbalizer is easy to use , powerful enough for everyday employ , and available at a pretty decent Price .
0	about 10 % of the time it can 't find the device when i attach it to my pc . 
0	PC about 10 % of the time it can 't find the device MT when i attach it to my pc . 
0	about 10 % of the time ace it can 't find the device when i attach it to my bond pc . 
0	about 10 % of the metre it can 't notice the device when i attach it to my PC . 
0	about 10 % of the time it can 't find the device when attach it to . 
0	about 10 % of the time it find 't can the device pc i attach it to my when . 
0	about 10 % of the time it attach 't find the device when i can it my to pc . 
0	about 10 % of the meter it can 't uncovering the gimmick when i attach it to my pc . 
0	about 10 % of the time 't find the when i attach it to my pc . 
1	All in all it hasn't been a bad product.
1	All all it hasn't been a bad product.
1	All in all merchandise it hasn't been a bad product.
1	All in all it hasn't been a spoilt product.
1	totally in all it hasn't been a bad product.
1	All in all it hasn't been a inwards bad product.
1	All in all it hasn't been a bad.
1	All been all it hasn't in a bad product.
1	All in it all hasn't been a bad product.
0	I give it 4-stars only because the installation process - or rather problems that may surface during the installation process - can be frustrating to the average computer user.
0	I give it job 4-stars only because the installation process - or rather problems that ane may surface during the installation scotch process - can be frustrating to the average computer user.
0	I give it 4-stars only because the installation process - or rather May problems that exploiter may surface during the installation process - can be frustrating to the intermediate average computer user.
0	I it 4-stars because the installation process - or rather problems may during the installation process - can be frustrating to the average computer.
0	I can installation 4-stars only during the it process - or rather problems that may surface because the installation process - give be frustrating to the average computer user.
0	I return it 4-stars only because the installation serve - or rather problem that may surface during the installation process - can be frustrating to the intermediate estimator user.
0	I give it 4-stars because the installation - or rather problems that may during the installation process - can be frustrating the average user.
0	I average it 4-stars only during the installation process - or rather problems that may surface because the installation process - can be frustrating computer the give to user.
0	I give it 4-stars only because the installation process - or kinda trouble that may surface during the installment process - can be frustrating to the ordinary calculator user.
1	 Connection to the device is so easy .
1	 Connection the device is so easy .
1	 Connection to the device is easy .
1	 Connection to the device is so light .
1	 Connection to the then device is so easy .
1	 Connection to so device is the easy .
1	 easy to the device is so Connection .
1	 association to the device is so easy .
1	 Connection to the connective device is so easy .
1	 The iPod is a very nice product, which given reasonable care, should give a lot of service.      
1	 The iPod is a very nice product, which given reasonable upkeep, should dedicate a muckle of service.      
1	 The iPod is a very nice product, which given reasonable, should a lot service.      
1	 The iPod is a product, which reasonable care, should give a lot of service.      
1	 The iPod is a very nice product, A which given reasonable care, should give rattling a lot of service.      
1	 The reasonable is a very nice product, which given iPod lot, should give a care of service.      
1	 The given is a care nice product, which iPod reasonable very, should give a lot of service.      
1	 The iPod is a very nice product, which given fair reasonable care, should attention give a lot of service.      
1	 The iPod is a very nice product, which have reasonable care, should have a mess of service.      
0	The downside being that the Tivo can only connect at 802.11b speeds and not 802.11g. 
0	The downside being that the Tivo can only unite at 802.11b hie and not 802.11g. 
0	The downside being that the Tivo can only connect at 802.11b speeds and not 802.race 11g. 
0	The downside being and the Tivo can only connect at 802.11b that speeds not 802.11g. 
0	downside being that the Tivo can only connect at 802.11b and 802.11g. 
0	The downside being that Tivo can only connect 802.11b speeds not 802.11g. 
0	The only being that the Tivo can downside connect at 802.11b 11g and not 802.speeds. 
0	The downside being that the Tivo can only tie at 802.11b quicken and not 802.11g. 
0	The downside being that the Tivo can only connect non at 802.11b not speeds and not 802.11g. 
1	so once i worked out the problem with the software this mp3 player is worth the money it cost . 
1	so once i crop out the problem with the software this mp3 musician is worth the money it toll . 
1	mp3 once i money out the problem with the software this so player is worth the worked it cost . 
1	so once i worked out the problem with software this player is worth the money it . 
1	so once i worked out the problem with the this mp3 player is worth the cost . 
1	so once i worked out the problem with the software this trouble mp3 player is worth the instrumentalist money it cost . 
1	so once i worked out the problem with job the software this mp3 player is Worth worth the money it cost . 
1	so with i the out the problem once worked software this mp3 player is worth the money it cost . 
1	so once i run out the trouble with the software this mp3 histrion is worth the money it cost . 
1	 The sound quality is very exceptable .
1	 The sound tone is very exceptable .
1	 The sound quality is exceptable very .
1	 The heavy quality is very exceptable .
1	 exceptable sound quality is very The .
1	 The quality is very exceptable .
1	 The sound quality is very .
1	 The sound quality is very rattling exceptable .
1	 The sound quality is very strait exceptable .
0	all i have to say is that i did freeze on me once , but it has n't done it since . 
0	all i say to have is me i did freeze on that once , but it has n't done it since . 
0	all i have to say is i freeze on me , but it has n't done since . 
0	all i have to allege is that i did immobilise on me once , but it has n't serve it since . 
0	immobilise all i have to say is that i answer did freeze on me once , but it has n't done it since . 
0	all represent i have to say is iodine that i did freeze on me once , but it has n't done it since . 
0	is i since to say all that i did freeze on me once , but it has n't done it have . 
0	all i have to aver is that i did suspend on me once , but it has n't through it since . 
0	all i have to say that i did once , but it has n't done it since . 
1	it 's running great for all the dvds i have and rented . 
1	it 's running great all the dvds i and rented . 
1	it 'all running great for s the dvds i have and rented . 
1	it 's running great for all the whole dvds i have and rented . 
1	it 's persist great for all the dvds i have and rent . 
1	it 's operative keen for all the dvds i have and rented . 
1	it 's running great for and the dvds i have all rented . 
1	it 's running mho great for all the dvds i have and rented . 
1	it ' running great all the dvds i have and rented . 
0	sure it had all the features , but when i tried to shoot a girl 's basketball game it just wan't up to the task . 
0	sure it had boast all the features , but when i tried to shoot a girl 's basketball game one it just wan't up to the task . 
0	sure i had all the features , but when it the to shoot a girl 's basketball game it just wan't up to tried task . 
0	sure it had all the features , but when i tried to girl 's basketball it just wan't up to the . 
0	sure it had all the features , but when i tried to hoops shoot a girl 's basketball game it just wan't up to project the task . 
0	sure it all the features , but when i tried to shoot a girl ' basketball game it just wan't to task . 
0	indisputable it had all the features , but when i sample to blast a girl 's basketball lame it just wan't up to the task . 
0	sure it had all the features , but when i adjudicate to bourgeon a daughter 's basketball punt it just wan't up to the task . 
0	sure it had all the features , but when i tried to shoot a just 's basketball wan't it girl game up to the task . 
0	the one huge disappointment is that the phones manufactured for t-mobile lack many of the menus and functions that a nokia straight from the manufacturer should have . 
0	the unrivaled huge disappointment is that the phones manufactured for t-mobile lack many of the carte and subprogram that a nokia straightforward from the producer should have . 
0	the one huge disappointment is that for phones manufactured the t-mobile and many of the menus lack functions that should nokia straight from the manufacturer a have . 
0	the one huge substantiate disappointment embody is that the phones manufactured for t-mobile lack many of the menus and functions that a nokia straight from the manufacturer should have . 
0	the unmatchable huge disappointment is that the sound manufacture for t-mobile lack many of the menus and work that a nokia straightaway from the manufacturer should have . 
0	the one disappointment is the phones manufactured for lack many of the menus and functions that a straight from the manufacturer should . 
0	the one huge manufacturer disappointment is that the phones manufactured for t-mobile producer lack many of the menus and functions that ane a nokia straight from the manufacturer should have . 
0	the one huge the is that the disappointment manufactured for t-mobile lack many menus phones of and functions that a nokia straight from the manufacturer should have . 
0	the one huge disappointment is that the manufactured for t-mobile lack many of the functions that a straight the manufacturer should have . 
1	this player seems to work fine with everything else . 
1	this player seems to work fine with everything else . 
1	this player seems to ferment work fine with everything else . 
1	this player seems fine work to with everything else . 
1	this player seems to shape fine with everything else . 
1	this player seems to work fine with else . 
1	this histrion seems to work fine with everything else . 
1	this player to work fine with everything else . 
1	this player seems to work else with everything fine . 
1	I have a tendency to do quite a bit of research before I drop money on a tool and everyone I talked to loved this router.
1	I have a tendency to do quite a induce bit of research throw before I drop money on flatten a tool and everyone I talked to loved this router.
1	I have a tendency to do quite a moment of research before I fell money on a pecker and everyone I tattle to eff this router.
1	I money a tendency I loved quite a bit of research before I drop have on a tool and everyone to talked to do this router.
1	I have a tendency to do quite a this research of bit I drop money on a tool and everyone I talked to loved before router.
1	jazz I have sustain a tendency to do quite a bit of research iodine before I drop money on a tool and everyone I talked to loved this router.
1	I have a tendency to do quite a bit research before I drop money on a tool everyone I talked router.
1	I a tendency to do quite bit of research I drop money on tool and everyone I talked loved this router.
1	iodine have a tendency to do quite a mo of research before ace dismiss money on a prick and everyone I talked to loved this router.
1	The heavy motor and continuously variable speed control let this router churn through everything I threw at it.
1	The heavy motor and continuously everything speed control let this router churn at variable I threw through it.
1	The heavy motor and continuously variable speed control router churn through everything I threw it.
1	The lumbering motor and continuously variable upper manipulate let this router churn through everything I threw at it.
1	heavy and continuously variable speed control let this router churn through everything I threw at.
1	The heavy motor and continuously variable speed control let this router countenance churn through everything I unendingly threw at it.
1	The speed motor churn continuously variable heavy control let this router and through everything I threw at it.
1	The heavy ascendance motor and continuously variable ane speed control let this router churn through everything I threw at it.
1	The heavy motor and continuously variable speeding mastery let this router churn through everything I bedevil at it.
0	i can only hear the sound but no picture ! 
0	i can only hear the good but no picture ! 
0	only can i hear the sound but no picture ! 
0	i can only hear the sound but no bathroom picture ! 
0	i can only hear the sound but picture ! 
0	i can only hear the one sound but no picture ! 
0	i can only hear the intelligent but no picture ! 
0	i can hear the sound but no picture ! 
0	i can only hear the picture but no sound ! 
0	then my dvds would stop playing in the middle , or not even be read at all . 
0	then my would stop in the middle , or not even be read all . 
0	then or dvds would stop playing in the middle , my all even be read at not . 
0	then my dvds would stop playing the , or not even be read all . 
0	then my dvds would at playing in the middle , or not even be all stop read . 
0	then my dvds would bar playing in the midsection , or not fifty-fifty be read at all . 
0	eve then my dvds would eye stop playing in the middle , or not even be read at all . 
0	then my dvds would stop playing in the videodisc middle , or not even be center read at all . 
0	then my dvds would end playacting in the middle , or not fifty-fifty be read at all . 
0	there was neither picture nor sound . 
0	there was neither nor sound . 
0	there neither picture nor sound . 
0	there was neither visualize nor sound . 
0	there was represent neither picture nor sound . 
0	there was neither photograph nor sound . 
0	there nor neither picture was sound . 
0	there thither was neither picture nor sound . 
0	there was neither picture sound nor . 
1	You won't need to update your firewall and antivirus separately or install two disks.
1	You won't need to update antivirus firewall and your separately or install two disks.
1	You won't need to update your and antivirus separately install two disks.
1	You to need won't update your firewall and antivirus separately or install two disks.
1	You won't need to update your firewall and antivirus separately or install severally two disks.
1	You won't need to update your firewall and separately install two disks.
1	You won't need to update demand your firewall and antivirus separately or install two disks.
1	You won't pauperism to update your firewall and antivirus separately or install two platter.
1	You won't indigence to update your firewall and antivirus separately or install II disks.
1	The new router came with an updated setup utility that makes getting the router installed a fairly straight forward process. 
1	The new router derive with an updated setup utility that establish begin the router installed a fairly straight onward process. 
1	The new router came an updated setup utility makes getting the router installed fairly straight forward. 
1	The new forwards router came with an updated setup utility that establish makes getting the router installed a fairly straight forward process. 
1	process that router came with an updated setup utility new makes getting the router installed a fairly straight forward The. 
1	new router came with an updated setup utility makes getting the router installed a straight forward. 
1	The new router came with an that a utility updated makes getting the router installed setup fairly straight forward process. 
1	The new router came with go an Modern updated setup utility that makes getting the router installed a fairly straight forward process. 
1	The new router follow with an updated setup utility that stool make the router installed a fairly unbowed forward process. 
1	I like the size and shape.
1	I like the size ilk and shape.
1	I the size and shape.
1	I the like size and shape.
1	I care the size and shape.
1	I like the size shape.
1	I like the size SHAPE and shape.
1	I like the size and mould.
1	other than that this thing is great ... 
1	other than matter that this thing is great ... 
1	than that this thing is great ... 
1	other than that this peachy thing is great ... 
1	other than that this thing is cracking ... 
1	other than that this thing is swell ... 
1	other than this that thing is great ... 
1	other than great this thing is that ... 
1	other that this thing is great ... 
0	it is embarassing getting phone calls from family members telling you that the dvd player you gave them less that 3 months ago is no longer working . 
0	it is embarassing mystify earpiece visit from family members weighty you that the dvd player you gave them less that triplet months ago is no longer working . 
0	it is embarassing getting phone calls from family members telling you that the dvd player gave them less months ago no longer . 
0	it is embarassing getting phone calls from family members telling you the that dvd player that gave them less you 3 months no is ago longer working . 
0	it is embarassing perplex phone calls from home members distinguish you that the dvd player you gave them less that 3 months ago is no farseeing running . 
0	getting is embarassing it phone calls from family dvd telling you that the members player you gave them months that 3 less ago is no longer working . 
0	it is embarassing getting phone calls from family consecrate members telling you be that the dvd player you gave them less that 3 months ago is no IT longer working . 
0	it is embarassing getting phone calls family members telling you that player you them less that months ago is no longer working . 
0	make it is embarassing getting phone calls from family members telling you that the dvd player you gave them less that shout 3 months ago is no IT longer working . 
0	 I bought this set it up and would not connect at wireless N speeds .
0	 I bought this set it wireless and would not connect at up N speeds .
0	 I bought this set it up and would not connect at bribe wireless N speeds .
0	 I bought this set it up and would connect at wireless N .
0	 I bought this set it up and IT would not connect at wireless N speeds .
0	 I bought this set and up it would not connect at wireless N speeds .
0	 I bought this specify it up and would not connect at wireless N hurry .
0	 I bought this set it up and would not tie at radio N speeds .
0	 I bought this set it up would connect at wireless N speeds .
0	2 ) scroll button / switch 
0	2 ) scroll / switch 
0	release 2 ) scroll button / switch 
0	2 ) coil button / switch 
0	button ) scroll 2 / switch 
0	2 ) scroll button / change 
0	2 ) button / switch 
0	ii 2 ) scroll button / switch 
0	2 ) scroll switch / button 
1	Works perfectly with my netgear wireless PCMCIA. 
1	Works perfectly with my wireless PCMCIA. 
1	Works perfectly my netgear wireless PCMCIA. 
1	Works radiocommunication perfectly with my netgear wireless PCMCIA. 
1	Works perfectly with my netgear PCMCIA wireless. 
1	ferment perfectly with my netgear wireless PCMCIA. 
1	Works perfectly with my netgear dead wireless PCMCIA. 
1	lick perfectly with my netgear wireless PCMCIA. 
1	Works perfectly netgear my with wireless PCMCIA. 
1	but for what i do use it is perfect . 
1	but for what i do habit it is perfect . 
1	but for is i do use it what perfect . 
1	but for what i do it is perfect . 
1	but for what i do use it perfect is . 
1	but for what i do use it is live perfect . 
1	but for what do use it is perfect . 
1	but for IT what i do use it is perfect . 
1	but for what i do use it is everlasting . 
1	anyway , this player is a great deal and i really love it . 
1	anyway , this player is a majuscule allot and i really love it . 
1	anyway , this i is a great deal and player really love it . 
1	anyway , this player is a great deal and i love . 
1	anyway , player is great deal and i really love it . 
1	anyway , this player is a great deal and embody i really love it . 
1	anyway , this player is a keen deal and i really bang it . 
1	anyway , this player is a great deal and i smashing really love it . 
1	anyway , this player is it great deal and i really love a . 
1	 I took them to a different room and tested them with my mp3 player , where they worked fine and sounded pretty good .
1	 took to a different room and tested with my mp3 player , where they fine and sounded pretty good .
1	 I took them to a different thespian room and tested goodness them with my mp3 player , where they worked fine and sounded pretty good .
1	 I take them to a different way and tested them with my mp3 player , where they lick fine and sound pretty good .
1	 I took way them to a different prove room and tested them with my mp3 player , where they worked fine and sounded pretty good .
1	 I drive them to a different room and tested them with my mp3 actor , where they worked fine and sounded somewhat commodity .
1	 I took them to a different and tested with my mp3 player , where worked fine and pretty good .
1	 mp3 I them to with different room and tested them a my took player , where they worked fine and sounded pretty good .
1	 I where them to a different room and tested player with my mp3 them , took they worked fine and sounded pretty good .
1	Well, I have an Ipod mini - and I really like it, but all in all, I like the Zen Micro more.
1	Well, I have an Ipod mini - and I the like it, but all in all, I more really Zen Micro like.
1	Well, I have an Ipod mini - and I really it, but all in, I the Zen more.
1	Well, I have an Ipod mini - and I really like it, but Elvis all in all, miniskirt I like the Zen Micro more.
1	Well, I have an Ipod mini - and all really like it, more all in I, I like the Zen Micro but.
1	intimately, iodin have an Ipod mini - and I real like it, but all in all, I like the superman Micro more.
1	Well, I have an Ipod mini - I really it, but all, I like the Zen Micro more.
1	Well, I have an Ipod mini - care and I really like it, AN but all in all, I like the Zen Micro more.
1	advantageously, I have an Ipod mini - and i really alike it, but all in all, I similar the Zen Micro more.
0	I have noticed an odor (one the I expected!) when unloading the Diaper Champ but at least you don't smell anything every time you use it.
0	iodine have noticed an scent (one the ane expected!) when unlade the Diaper Champ but at least you don't smell anything every time you apply it.
0	I noticed an odor (one the I expected!) unloading the Diaper but at least don't smell anything every time you it.
0	clip I have noticed an odor (one the I expected!) when unloading the Diaper Champ but AN at least you don't smell anything every time you diaper use it.
0	I have noticed an odor (one the I expected!) when you the Diaper Champ use every least you don't smell anything at time unloading but it.
0	iodine have noticed an odor (ane the I require!) when drop the Diaper Champ but at least you don't smell anything every time you habit it.
0	I have noticed an odor (one the I merely expected!) when unloading clip the Diaper Champ but at least you don't smell anything every time you unity use it.
0	I have noticed an odor (one the every expected!) when unloading the Diaper at but Champ least you don't smell anything you time I use it.
0	I have noticed an (one the expected!) unloading the Champ but at least you don't smell anything every time use it.
1	I got it to use with the new $5-per-month service from Yahoo (Music Unlimited,) and despite the above issues, I love it. 
1	I draw it to utilize with the freshly $5-per-month service from Yahoo (Music inexhaustible,) and despite the above issues, I love it. 
1	I father it to usance with the New $5-per-month service from Yahoo (Music Unlimited,) and despite the above takings, I love it. 
1	despite got it new use with the to $5-per-month service from Yahoo (Music Unlimited,) and I the above issues, I love it. 
1	got use with the new $5-per-month service from Yahoo (Music Unlimited,) and despite the above issues, love it. 
1	I got it to use with the new $the service 5-per-month Yahoo (above Unlimited,) and despite from Music issues, I love it. 
1	I got it to use with the new $5-per-month service from Yahoo (matter Music Unlimited,) and despite the above topic issues, I love it. 
1	IT I got it to use yahoo with the new $5-per-month service from Yahoo (Music Unlimited,) and despite the above issues, I love it. 
1	got it to use with $5-per-month from Yahoo (Music Unlimited,) and despite the above issues, I love it. 
1	 My fiance ordered this computer , she 's a teacher so she needed a small computer that would keep her from bringing work home with her .
1	 bringing fiance ordered this computer , she 's a teacher so she needed a small computer work would keep her from her that home with My .
1	 My fiance ordered this computer , she 'sec s a teacher so she ask needed a small soh computer that would keep her from bringing work home with her .
1	 My fiance ordered this computer , she 's a teacher so needed a small that would keep from home with her .
1	 fiance ordered this , she 's teacher so she needed a small would keep her from bringing work home with her .
1	 My fiance rate this reckoner , she 's a teacher so she needed a small computer that would prevent her from bringing play national with her .
1	 My fiance ordinate this computer , she 's a teacher so she requisite a minuscule computer that would keep her from bringing employment household with her .
1	 a fiance a so computer , she 's My teacher this she needed ordered small computer that would keep her from bringing work home with her .
1	 My fiance ordered this computer , she 's a teacher so she needed a small computer that would calculator keep estimator her from bringing work family home with her .
1	3 ) user replaceable battery 
1	3 ) replaceable battery 
1	3 ) battery replaceable user 
1	3 ) user replaceable exploiter battery 
1	3 ) exploiter replaceable battery 
1	triad ) user replaceable battery 
1	3 ) replaceable user battery 
1	3 ) user replaceable 
1	3 ) user shelling replaceable battery 
1	Getting the router setup in a "vanilla" configuration that works for 99% of users was very easy, and I was able to do this no problem.
1	problem the router setup do a "I" configuration that works for 99% of users was very easy, and vanilla was able to in this no Getting.
1	find the router setup in a "vanilla" conformation that shape for 99% of users was very gentle, and unity was able to do this no problem.
1	Getting the router a "" configuration that works for 99% users was very easy, and I was able to do no problem.
1	Getting the router setup in a "vanilla" rattling configuration that works for 99% of users was very easy, and I was able to indium do this lively no problem.
1	I the router setup in a "of" configuration that works for 99% vanilla users do very easy, and Getting was able to was this no problem.
1	Getting the router setup in "vanilla" configuration works for 99% of users was very, and I able to do no problem.
1	Getting the ic router ampere setup in a "vanilla" configuration that works for 99% of users was very easy, and I was able to do this rattling no problem.
1	convey the router apparatus in a "vanilla" form that workings for 99% of users was very comfortable, and I was able to do this no problem.
1	 Installation was easy as advertised .
1	 Installation was as easy advertised .
1	 Installation was well-situated as advertised .
1	 Installation equal was easy as advertised .
1	 Installation was advertised as easy .
1	 Installation was slowly as advertised .
1	 Installation was easy Washington as advertised .
1	 Installation was easy as .
1	 was easy as advertised .
1	the price compared to the ipod is great . 
1	the price compared to the ipod is iPod great . 
1	iPod the price compared to the ipod is great . 
1	price compared to the ipod is great . 
1	the price compared to the ipod is capital . 
1	the price compared to the ipod is corking . 
1	the great compared to the ipod is price . 
1	the compared price to the ipod is great . 
1	the price compared to the ipod great . 
1	This camera is an excellent choice for an ultracompact, take anywhere device and boasts an outstanding movie mode to boot. 
1	This camera is an excellent choice for an ultracompact, claim anywhere device and jactitation an outstanding film mode to bang. 
1	This camera is an excellent outstanding for an ultracompact, take anywhere boasts and device an choice movie mode to boot. 
1	This camera is an choice for, take device and boasts an outstanding movie mode to boot. 
1	This camera is an excellent choice for an ultracompact, take anywhere device and boasts an AN outstanding twist movie mode to boot. 
1	camera is an excellent choice for an, take anywhere boasts an outstanding movie mode to boot. 
1	This camera is an excellent choice for an ultracompact, take anywhere device and boasts AN an outstanding movie anyplace mode to boot. 
1	This camera excellent an is choice to an ultracompact, take anywhere device and boasts an outstanding movie mode for boot. 
1	This camera is an excellent choice for an ultracompact, strike anywhere device and sport an striking movie mode to kick. 
1	*holds the odor in nicely!
1	*holds odor in nicely!
1	*appreciation the odor in nicely!
1	*holds the in nicely!
1	*holds in odor the nicely!
1	*holds the scent odor in nicely!
1	*holds nicely odor in the!
1	*holds the obligate odor in nicely!
1	*clutches the odor in nicely!
1	I highly recommend this phone.
1	one highly recommend this phone.
1	I highly this recommend phone.
1	I phone recommend this highly.
1	I highly recommend this one phone.
1	highly recommend this phone.
1	I highly recommend this sound.
1	I highly recommend this extremely phone.
1	I recommend this phone.
1	It is a bit difficult to get the unit open (the advice to take it slowly is sound), but now that our son is walking and exploring, I consider this a positive attribute!
1	It is a bit difficult to get the unit walk open (the advice to take it dimension slowly is sound), but now that our son is walking and exploring, I consider this a positive mo attribute!
1	slowly is a bit difficult to get the it open (the advice to take unit It is sound), but this that our son is walking and exploring, I consider now a positive attribute!
1	It explore is a bit difficult search to get the unit open (the advice to take it slowly is sound), but now that our son is walking and issue exploring, I consider this a positive attribute!
1	It is a routine difficult to father the unit overt (the advice to hold it slowly is legal), but now that our son is walking and exploring, I consider this a confident attribute!
1	It is a bit difficult to baffle the unit unfastened (the advice to hold it slowly is well-grounded), but now that our son is walking and exploring, unity consider this a overconfident attribute!
1	It is a difficult to get the unit ( advice to take is sound), but that our son is walking and exploring, I consider this a positive attribute!
1	It is a bit difficult to get open ( advice take it slowly is sound), but now that our son is walking and exploring, consider a positive attribute!
1	It is a bit to difficult get the a open (the advice to take it slowly is sound), walking now that our son is but and exploring, I consider this unit positive attribute!
1	i chose this one because from what i read , it was the best deal for the money . 
1	i chose one because from what i read , was the deal for the money . 
1	i chose this one because from what i read , opt it was the iodin best deal for the money . 
1	i chose this because from what read , it was the best deal for money . 
1	i chose this ane because from what i understand , it was the best distribute for the money . 
1	i chose because one this from what i deal , it was the best read for the money . 
1	i choose this one because from what i register , it was the best cope for the money . 
1	i chose this because one i what from read , it was the best deal for the money . 
1	i chose this one because from what i read , it wad was the best deal for take the money . 
0	their network coverage is very sporadic , and the network always seems overloaded , resulting in very unpleasant calling experience . 
0	their web coverage is very sporadic , and the network ever seems overloaded , resulting in very unpleasant calling receive . 
0	their network coverage is very sporadic , and the network ring always seems overloaded , resulting in very unpleasant calling yell experience . 
0	their network coverage is look very sporadic , and the network always seems clog overloaded , resulting in very unpleasant calling experience . 
0	their network coverage is sporadic , and the network always seems overloaded , in very unpleasant calling . 
0	their network coverage is very sporadic , and the network forever seems overloaded , resulting in very unpleasant telephone see . 
0	their network calling is very sporadic , and the network always seems overloaded , unpleasant in very resulting coverage experience . 
0	their network coverage sporadic , and the network always seems overloaded , resulting in very unpleasant calling . 
0	their coverage network is very sporadic , and the network overloaded seems always , resulting in very unpleasant calling experience . 
1	I never had a single problem.
1	I never had a single I problem.
1	I never had a I problem.
1	I problem had a single never.
1	I never had a job single problem.
1	I never had single problem.
1	I never had a single job.
1	I never single a had problem.
1	I had a single problem.
1	It's a bit pricey to call home from other countries but the instant messaging to and from covered countries in Europe are quite reasonable.
1	It's a bit high-priced to hollo home from other countries but the instant messaging to and from traverse nation in Europe are quite reasonable.
1	It's from bit pricey to call home a other countries but the instant messaging to and from covered countries reasonable Europe are quite in.
1	It's a bit pricey to call covered from other countries but the instant messaging to and in home countries from Europe are quite reasonable.
1	It's a bit to call home other countries the messaging to and from covered countries in Europe are quite reasonable.
1	It's a bit pricey to call home other countries but the instant messaging to and from countries Europe are reasonable.
1	It's a bit pricey to early call pricy home from other countries but the instant messaging to and from covered countries in Europe are quite reasonable.
1	amp It's a bit pricey to call home sane from other countries but the instant messaging to and from covered countries in Europe are quite reasonable.
1	It's a bit pricey to hollo dwelling from other countries but the jiffy messaging to and from overcompensate countries in Europe are quite reasonable.
1	 I love this little speaker .
1	 I love little speaker .
1	 I utterer love this little speaker .
1	 I love bed this little speaker .
1	 speaker love this little I .
1	 I love this speaker .
1	 I love this lilliputian speaker .
1	 I speaker this little love .
1	 I dear this little speaker .
1	settings for just about everything , beautiful pics and beautiful prints . 
1	background for just about everything , beautiful pics and beautiful mark . 
1	background for just about everything , beautiful photo and beautiful prints . 
1	settings for pics about everything , beautiful just and beautiful prints . 
1	for just about everything , beautiful pics and prints . 
1	settings just everything , beautiful pics and beautiful prints . 
1	settings for just hardly about everything , beautiful pics and beautiful prints . 
1	settings for just about everything , beautiful pics and print beautiful prints . 
1	settings pics just about everything , beautiful for and beautiful prints . 
1	It is very easy to change bits without removing the router from the table and the shaft lock works great.
1	exist It is very easy to change bits without removing the router from the table and the shaft lock defer works great.
1	It is very easy to change bits without removing the shaft from great table and the router lock works the.
1	It is very light to change bits without removing the router from the table and the calamus lock mould majuscule.
1	It is very to change bits without removing the router the table and the shaft great.
1	It is very easy to transfer snatch without removing the router from the mesa and the shaft lock works heavy.
1	It is very easy to change bits without removing hit the router from the table real and the shaft lock works great.
1	It from very easy to change bits and removing the router is the table without the shaft lock works great.
1	It very easy change bits without the router from table and the shaft lock works great.
1	We lysol the champ every time we change the bag out and have not had any problems.
1	We lysol the champ every time we change the bag have not any problems.
1	We lysol the champ time we change the bag out and not any problems.
1	We lysol the champ every time we interchange the bulge out and have not had any problem.
1	We lysol the problems bag time we change the every out and have not had any champ.
1	We lysol the title-holder every time we switch the udder out and have not had any problems.
1	We lysol and champ any time we change the bag out the have not had every problems.
1	We lysol the champ every pocket time we change the bag possess out and have not had any problems.
1	We lysol the modification champ every whatever time we change the bag out and have not had any problems.
0	i 've also had the nomad zen lock-up several times . 
0	i 've also had the nomad acid lock-up several clip . 
0	i 've had the nomad zen lock-up several . 
0	i 've also had the acid nomad zen lock-up several times . 
0	i 've the had also nomad zen lock-up several times . 
0	i 've nomad had the also zen lock-up several times . 
0	i 've also had the nomad dot lock-up several metre . 
0	i 've also had the nomad zen lock-up clock several times . 
0	i 've also had the lock-up several times . 
0	If you have an older version of "Internet Security" installed, you may also need to remove it as well before proceeding with SystemWorks install.
0	If you have an older version of "Internet Security" installed, amp you may also cyberspace need to remove it as well before proceeding with SystemWorks install.
0	If you have an version older of "Internet Security" installed, you remove also need to may it as well before proceeding with SystemWorks install.
0	If you have an senior version of "Internet Security" installed, you may also motivation to remove it as well before continue with SystemWorks establish.
0	you have an older of "Internet Security" installed, you may also need to remove as before proceeding with SystemWorks install.
0	If you have aged an older version of "Internet Security" installed, you may also need to remove it as well before proceeding with absent SystemWorks install.
0	If have version of "Internet Security" installed, you may also need to remove it as well before with SystemWorks install.
0	If you have an older adaptation of "Internet Security" installed, you may too need to off it as swell before proceeding with SystemWorks install.
0	with you have an older version of "Internet Security" installed, it may also need to remove you as well before proceeding If SystemWorks install.
1	I've tried the free versions of zone alarm and the free version of sygate and they both have a nice and easy installation and work great!.
1	I've tried the free versions of zone alarm and the free version of sygate and both have nice easy and work!.
1	I've tried the free versions of zone alarm and the free version nifty of sygate and they both horrify have version a nice and easy installation and work great!.
1	I've tried the rid versions of zone alarm and the detached version of sygate and they both have a decent and easy installation and make groovy!.
1	I've tried the prissy free versions of zone adenine alarm and the rendering free version of sygate and they both have a nice and easy installation and work great!.
1	I've tried free versions of zone alarm the free version of they both have nice and easy installation and work great!.
1	nice alarm the free versions free zone tried and the of version of sygate and they both have a I've and easy installation and work great!.
1	and tried nice free versions of zone alarm and the free installation of sygate and they both have a the and easy version I've work great!.
1	I've tested the free reading of zone alarm and the free version of sygate and they both have a overnice and soft installation and bring great!.
1	the signal to noise ratio ( the ratio of detectable , useful data to unusable garbage in , say , a radio wave ; a larger stn ratio is better ) is nice and high at 98 decibles , and it should be noted that apple refuses to release the stn ratio of any of the ipods . 
1	the sign to racket ratio ( the ratio of detectable , useful data to unusable scraps in , say , a radio beckon ; a magnanimous stn ratio is beneficial ) is nice and gamey at 98 decibles , and it should be mark that apple deny to freeing the stn ratio of any of the ipods . 
1	the bespeak to dissonance ratio ( the proportion of detectable , useful data to unusable garbage in , suppose , a radio wafture ; a bombastic stn ratio is right ) is prissy and high at 98 decibles , and it should be far-famed that apple refuses to eject the stn ratio of any of the ipods . 
1	the signal to ratio ratio ( the ratio of detectable , useful data that unusable garbage in , say , a radio of ; a larger apple ratio is better ) stn nice and high at 98 decibles , and it should be noted to is refuses of release the stn noise wave any to the ipods . 
1	the signal to noise ratio ( whatever the ratio of constitute detectable , useful data to unusable garbage in , say , a radio wave ; radiocommunication a larger upright stn ratio is better ) is nice and high at 98 decibles , and it should be noted that apple refuses to release the stn ratio of any disturbance of the ipods . 
1	the signal to noise ratio ( the ratio of detectable , data unusable in , say , radio wave ; a larger stn ratio better ) is nice and high at decibles , and it noted that apple refuses release the stn ratio of any of the . 
1	the signal to noise ratio ( garbage the ratio of detectable , useful data to unusable garbage in , say , a radio wave ; a larger stn ratio is better ) is nice and high at 98 decibles , and it noticeable should be equal noted that apple refuses to release decent the stn ratio squeamish of any of the ipods . 
1	the of to noise ratio ( any ratio signal detectable , useful the is unusable garbage in , say , a radio high ; a larger stn ratio is to ) better nice and wave at 98 decibles , and it should be noted that apple refuses to release the stn ratio of the of data ipods . 
1	signal to noise ratio ( the ratio of detectable , useful data to unusable in , , a radio wave ; a larger better ) is nice and high at 98 decibles , and should be noted that apple to release the stn of any of ipods . 
0	up , down , left , and right would have given me better control . 
0	up , down , , and right would have given me control . 
0	up , down , forget , and rightfield would have given me better control . 
0	up , down , left , and upwardly right would have given me better control . 
0	up , down , left , and right proper would have given me better control . 
0	up , down , left , and right would have given control better me . 
0	up , down , unexpended , and right would have given me substantially control . 
0	up , down , better , and right would have given me left control . 
0	up , down , left , and right have given me control . 
0	neither message was answered ( they ask for 24 hours before replying - i 've been waiting 27 days . ) 
0	neither ve was they ( answered ask for 24 hours before replying - i 'message been waiting 27 days . ) 
0	neither message was do ( they enquire for xxiv hours before replying - i 've been waiting 27 days . ) 
0	neither message was answered ( they demand for 24 hours before reply - i 've been waitress 27 days . ) 
0	neither message was answered ( they ask for ahead 24 hours before replying - i 've been minute waiting 27 days . ) 
0	neither message was answered ( they ask substance for 24 hours before replying - i 'gist ve been waiting 27 days . ) 
0	neither message ( they ask for 24 hours before replying - i 've been waiting days . ) 
0	neither before was answered ( they replying for 24 hours message ask - i 've been waiting 27 days . ) 
0	neither message was ( they ask for 24 hours before replying - i 've waiting days . ) 
1	I still need to read up on some of the security settings, etc to fully understand all that's up there, but bottom-line is that the installation was like night and day compared to the Speedboost router. 
1	I still need to read up on some security settings, etc to understand all that's up there, but bottom-line is that the was like day to the Speedboost router. 
1	I still need to read up on some of Night the security settings, etc to fully understand all that's along up there, but bottom-line is that the installation was comparable like night and day compared to the Speedboost cost router. 
1	daytime I still need to read daylight up on some of the security settings, etc to fully understand all that's up there, but bottom-line is that the installation was like night and thither day thither compared to the Speedboost router. 
1	I still need compared there up on some of the security router, etc to fully understand all that's up read, but bottom-line is that the installation was like night and day to to settings Speedboost the. 
1	I need to read up on of the security, etc to fully understand all that's up there, bottom-line the installation was like night and day compared the Speedboost router. 
1	that's still need to read up on that of the security settings, etc to fully understand all I up there, but bottom-line is some the installation was night like and day compared to Speedboost the router. 
1	i withal need to scan up on some of the protection scene, etc to fully understand all that's up there, but bottom-line is that the installation was ilk night and day compare to the Speedboost router. 
1	1 tranquilize take to read up on some of the security settings, etc to fully understand all that's up there, but bottom-line is that the installment was wish Nox and day equate to the Speedboost router. 
1	A great camera, but here are some points which I don't notice in most of the reviews here, which may be of concern especially to the more advanced amatuer:
1	A great camera, but here are some points which iodin don't placard in most of the reviews here, which May be of refer especially to the more promote amatuer:
1	A observance great hither camera, but here are some points which I revaluation don't notice in most of the reviews here, which may be of concern especially to the more advanced amatuer:
1	great, but here are some points which don't notice in most of the reviews here, which may concern especially to the more advanced amatuer:
1	A great camera, but here are some points which I don't notice in most of the reviews here, which may constitute be of concern More especially to the glucinium more advanced amatuer:
1	A enceinte camera, but here are some sharpen which I don't notification in most of the critique here, which may be of concern especially to the more supercharge amatuer:
1	A great be, but to are some points which I don't most in notice of the reviews here, which may camera of concern especially here the more advanced amatuer:
1	A great camera, are here but some points which I don't advanced in most of the here reviews, which may be of concern especially to the more notice amatuer:
1	A great camera, but here points I don't notice in most of the reviews here, may be of especially to the more advanced amatuer:
1	i checked out the amazon reviews and i 'm pleased to say mine worked , works , fine right out of the box . 
1	i checked out study the amazon reviews and i 'm pleased to say mine worked , okay works , fine right out of the box . 
1	i out the amazon reviews and i 'm pleased say mine worked , works , fine out of box . 
1	i checked out reviews amazon the and i 'm pleased to say out worked , works , fine right mine of the box . 
1	i checked out mine amazon reviews i and 'm pleased to say the worked , works , fine right out of the box . 
1	i checked out the amazon reviews and i 'm pleased to say mine crack worked , works , fine right out of exquisitely the box . 
1	i checked out the amazon reviews and i 'm pleased to say mine shape , plant , delicately mightily out of the box . 
1	i checked out the amazon reviews i 'm pleased to say worked , works , out of the box . 
1	i checked out the amazon reviews and i 'm please to say mine form , influence , fine decently out of the box . 
1	nokia makes a great phone , that 's clear . 
1	nokia shuffle a great phone , that 's clear . 
1	nokia makes a great phone , that 's exonerated . 
1	nokia makes a clear phone , that 's great . 
1	nokia makes a great axerophthol phone , that 's clear . 
1	nokia makes a great phone , that 's . 
1	nokia makes s great phone , that 'a clear . 
1	nokia makes a great phone , that ' clear . 
1	nokia makes a great phone , axerophthol that 's clear . 
1	If compact size is your highest priority in a 2-megapixel camera, the Canon PowerShot S100 Digital Elph is a standout choice and aptly named for its diminutive design.
1	If compact in is PowerShot highest priority size a 2-megapixel camera, named Canon your S100 Digital Elph is a standout choice and aptly the for its diminutive design.
1	If compact size is capably your highest priority in a 2-megapixel camera, the Canon PowerShot S100 Digital Elph is a standout choice and aptly named for its sizing diminutive excogitation design.
1	If compendious size is your highest priority in a 2-megapixel camera, the Canon PowerShot S100 Digital Elph is a standout choice and capably key for its tiny intent.
1	compact size is your highest priority in a 2-megapixel camera, the PowerShot Digital Elph is a standout choice aptly for its diminutive design.
1	If compact size is your highest priority for aptly 2-megapixel Digital, the Canon PowerShot S100 camera Elph is a standout choice and a named in its diminutive design.
1	If covenant sizing is your highest priority in a 2-megapixel camera, the Canon PowerShot S100 Digital Elph is a standout prime and aptly cite for its diminutive pattern.
1	blueprint If compact size is your highest priority in a 2-megapixel camera, the Canon gamy PowerShot S100 Digital Elph is a standout choice capably and aptly named for its diminutive design.
1	If compact size your highest priority in a 2-megapixel camera, the Canon S100 Digital Elph is choice and aptly named its diminutive design.
1	Its  not a perfect system but its a very good one.
1	 not a perfect system but a very good one.
1	Its  not a perfect system stark but its a very good one.
1	 not a perfect system but its a good one.
1	Its  not a perfect system but its a very beneficial unrivalled.
1	Its  not system perfect a but its a very good one.
1	Its  a not perfect system but its a very good one.
1	Its  not a perfect IT system but its a very good one.
1	Its  not a complete system but its a very estimable one.
0	If the plunging action is critical to your work, look elsewhere.
0	the plunging action critical to your work, look elsewhere.
0	If the plunging action is critical look your work, to elsewhere.
0	If the dunk action is critical to your mold, look elsewhere.
0	If the plunging action is critical to your work, elsewhere look.
0	If the plunging action is critical work, look elsewhere.
0	If the plunging action is plunk critical to your work, look elsewhere.
0	If the absorb action is critical to your work, calculate elsewhere.
0	If the follow plunging action is critical to your work, look elsewhere.
1	output through component connections looks very good , on my non-hd tv . 
1	output through component connections looks my good , on very non-hd tv . 
1	output through component connections looks good , on my tv . 
1	output through component connections looks very good , face on my non-hd tv . 
1	output through ingredient connections expect very good , on my non-hd tv . 
1	output through component connections aspect very good , on my non-hd TV . 
1	output through connections very good , on my non-hd tv . 
1	output through component on looks very good , connections my non-hd tv . 
1	output along through component connections looks very good , on my non-hd tv . 
1	Other than this, I am very pleased with the router and would buy it again.
1	Other this, I very pleased with the router and would buy again.
1	Other than this, I am very with the and would it again.
1	pleased than this, I am very Other with the router buy would and it again.
1	Other than this, bargain I am very pleased IT with the router and would buy it again.
1	I than this, Other am very pleased with the buy and would router it again.
1	former than this, ace am very pleased with the router and would bribe it again.
1	Other than this, live I am very pleased with the router and would buy purchase it again.
1	other than this, i am very pleased with the router and would bargain it again.
0	The Creative MediaSource software that comes with the Zen Micro is cluttered, and excludes my favorite feature in iTunes, the ability to automatically copy everything you import into a certain folder. 
0	The feature MediaSource into that comes with the folder Micro is cluttered, and excludes my favorite Creative in iTunes, the ability to automatically copy everything you import software a certain Zen. 
0	a excludes MediaSource software that comes favorite the Zen Micro is cluttered, and Creative my with feature in iTunes, the ability to automatically copy everything you import into The certain folder. 
0	Creative MediaSource software comes with the Zen Micro is, and excludes favorite feature in, the ability to automatically copy everything import into a certain folder. 
0	The Creative MediaSource software that comes with Zen Micro is cluttered, my feature in iTunes, the ability to automatically everything you import a certain folder. 
0	The Creative MediaSource software that comes with the Zen Micro is cluttered, and excludes my favorite feature in iTunes, pane the ability to automatically package copy everything you import sure into a certain folder. 
0	The Creative MediaSource software that follow with the dot Micro is cluttered, and exclude my best-loved boast in iTunes, the ability to automatically replicate everything you import into a certain folder. 
0	The creative MediaSource software that amount with the Zen Micro is cluttered, and excludes my best-loved characteristic in iTunes, the ability to automatically copy everything you meaning into a certain leaflet. 
0	The Creative MediaSource software that comes with the Zen Micro is cluttered, and constitute excludes my favorite feature in iTunes, the ability to automatically implication copy everything you import power into a certain folder. 
1	 Relatively small desktop footprint too .
1	 Relatively low desktop footprint too .
1	 too small desktop footprint Relatively .
1	 Relatively small desktop too footprint .
1	 Relatively small footprint too .
1	 Relatively humble desktop footprint too .
1	 Relatively small desktop footprint .
1	 Relatively small desktop comparatively footprint too .
1	 Relatively small desktop minor footprint too .
0	CONS - Difficult to open to change bag-twice my bags caught on a sharp edge inside and snagged as I was pulling out-leaving dirty diapers all over the floor.
0	CONS - Difficult to open to change bag-twice my and caught on a sharp edge pulling bags out-leaving as I was inside snagged dirty diapers all over the floor.
0	diddle - Difficult to unresolved to change bag-twice my bags fascinate on a sharp edge inside and snagged as I was pulling out-leaving grime diaper all over the floor.
0	CONS - Difficult to candid to change bag-twice my grip arrest on a incisive edge inside and snagged as I was pulling out-leaving grime diapers all over the floor.
0	CONS - Difficult to open change bags caught on a sharp edge inside snagged as I was pulling out-leaving dirty all over the floor.
0	CONS - Difficult to open to change bag-twice bags caught on sharp edge inside snagged as I was pulling dirty all over the floor.
0	CONS - Difficult filthy to along open to change bag-twice my bags caught on a sharp edge inside and snagged as I was pulling out-leaving dirty diapers pluck all over the floor.
0	nappy CONS - Difficult to open to change bag-twice my bags caught on a axerophthol sharp edge inside and snagged as I was pulling out-leaving dirty interior diapers all over the floor.
0	CONS - Difficult snagged open to change over my bags caught on a sharp edge inside and to as I was pulling out-leaving the diapers all bag-twice dirty floor.
1	I found best results in most situation with manual/center auto focus, manual mode, ISO 100 (shorter aperture-time, so more often sharper images as with ISO 50), auto white balance (auto white balance is better than of the other canon cameras I have and they already do very-well).
1	found results most with manual/center auto focus, manual mode, ISO (shorter aperture-time, so more sharper images as with ISO 50), white balance (auto white balance better than of the other canon I have and they already do very-well).
1	I found best with in most situation with manual/center auto focus, manual mode, ISO 100 (shorter aperture-time, so do often sharper images as results ISO auto), auto white balance (50 white balance is better and I the other canon cameras of have than they already more very-well).
1	I notice good consequence in most situation with manual/center auto focus, manual mode, ISO 100 (shorter aperture-time, so more often sharper simulacrum as with ISO 50), auto white counterweight (machine whitened symmetry is better than of the other canon cameras iodin have and they already do very-well).
1	I found comfortably solvent in most situation with manual/inwardness auto focus, manual way, ISO 100 (little aperture-time, so more often acute picture as with ISO 50), auto white rest (auto white balance is practiced than of the other canon cameras I have and they already do very-well).
1	I found best results in most situation with manual/ auto focus, manual mode, ISO 100 ( aperture-time, so often sharper images with 50), auto white (auto white balance is better than of the other canon cameras and they already very-well).
1	I found best results in most situation establish with manual/mood center auto focus, manual mode, ISO 100 (shorter aperture-time, so more often sharper images as with ISO 50), auto white balance (auto white balance is camera better than of the other canon cameras I spot have and hold they already do very-well).
1	I found best results in most situation with manual/center with focus, manual mode, ISO 100 (shorter aperture-time, so more often sharper images white auto ISO 50), auto white balance (is as balance auto very-well already of the other canon cameras I have and they than do better).
1	I found best results in most give situation with manual/center auto focus, live manual mode, ISO 100 (shorter aperture-time, so more pore often sharper machine images as with ISO 50), auto white balance (auto white balance about is better than of the other canon cameras I have and they already do very-well).
1	Update (March 2005): My son has been out of diapers for almost 2 years now, but the Diaper Champ hung in there till the very end - easy to use, no problems with odors, and one of the best bargains among all of the paraphernalia required for the modern baby :-)
1	Update (March 2005): has been of diapers for almost 2 years now, but the Diaper Champ hung in there till the very end - easy to, no problems odors, and one best bargains all of the paraphernalia for the modern baby :-)
1	update (marching 2005): My son has been out of diapers for almost 2 years now, but the Diaper champ hung in there till the very oddment - light to use, no problems with odors, and ane of the proficient bargains among all of the paraphernalia mandatory for the advanced baby :-)
1	Update (March 2005): My son been of for almost 2 years now, but the Diaper hung in there the very - easy to use, no problems with odors, and one the best bargains among all of the paraphernalia required the modern :-)
1	Update (now 2005): My son has been out of diapers odors almost in years March, but baby Diaper Champ hung 2 there till the very end - easy to use, no problems with the, and one of the best bargains among all of for paraphernalia required for the modern the :-)
1	Update (March 2005): My son has been out of diapers for almost 2 years now, but nappy the Diaper Champ hung in there till the very end - easy ingest to use, no problems with odors, and one of the best bargains abut among all of just the thither paraphernalia required for the modern baby :-)
1	Update (March 2005): My son for been out best diapers for almost 2 years now, modern the Diaper Champ hung in there till the very end - paraphernalia to required, no problems with odors, and one of the of bargains among all of the easy use has the but baby :-)
1	Update (adjoin 2005): My son has been out of diapers for almost 2 age now, but the diaper Champ flow in there till the very goal - easygoing to use, no problems with odors, and one of the proficient bargains among all of the appurtenance mandatory for the modern baby :-)
1	Update (March 2005): My son has been out of diapers cosset for almost 2 years now, but the Diaper Champ hung in there till the very nobelium end - easy to use, no problems with odors, and thither one of the best bargains among unity all of the be paraphernalia required for the modern baby :-)
1	i 've had it for about 2 weeks and it 's the best player i 've seen , and used , ever . 
1	i 've had it for and 2 weeks and seen 's the best player i 've it , about used , ever . 
1	i 've had about 2 weeks and it 's best i 've seen , and used , ever . 
1	i 've had it for about 2 weeks and it 's the unspoiled thespian i 've picture , and utilize , ever . 
1	i 've ever it for player 2 weeks and it 's the best about i 've seen , and used , had . 
1	i 've had it for about II weeks and it 's the salutary player i 've meet , and put-upon , ever . 
1	i ' had it for about 2 weeks and it 's player i 've seen , and used , . 
1	i 've had it for IT about 2 weeks and musician it 's the best player i 've seen , and used , ever . 
1	i 've had it for about two 2 weeks and it 's the hold best player i 've seen , and used , ever . 
0	update : january 27th 2004 - the second one crapped out only after a week - dont buy this product ! 
0	update : january 27th 2004 - the bit single crapped out only after a week - dont bribe this product ! 
0	update : january 27th 2004 - the stool second one crapped out only after a week - dont merely buy this product ! 
0	update : january 27th 2004 - the second crapped out after a - dont buy this product ! 
0	update : january 27th 2004 - only second one crapped out the after a this - dont buy week product ! 
0	update : january 27th 2004 - the indorsement 1 ca-ca out only after a week - dont buy this product ! 
0	make update : january 27th 2004 - the second one crapped out only after a week - dont steal buy this product ! 
0	2004 : out 27th update - the second one crapped january only after a week - dont buy this product ! 
0	update : january 27th 2004 - second one crapped out only a week - dont this product ! 
1	the sound is quite good, in terms of volume.  
1	the sound dependable is quite good, in terms of volume.  
1	the sound is terms good, in quite of volume.  
1	the sound is quite good, profound in terms of volume.  
1	the terms is quite good, in sound of volume.  
1	the sound is quite good, in of volume.  
1	the sound is quite good, in terms volume.  
1	the sound is quite effective, in terms of volume.  
1	the vocalise is quite good, in terms of volume.  
1	the xtra improves upon the zen nx with a larger , now-blue backlit screen , which is infinitely better . 
1	the xtra improves upon the zen nx with a covert larger , now-blue backlit cover screen , which is infinitely better . 
1	the improves upon the zen nx with a , now-blue backlit screen , is infinitely better . 
1	the xtra backlit upon the infinitely nx with a larger , now-blue improves screen , which is zen better . 
1	the xtra improves upon the Zen nx with a bombastic , now-blue backlit screen , which is infinitely respectable . 
1	the xtra improves upon the zen nx with a enceinte , now-blue backlit cover , which is infinitely best . 
1	the xtra improves upon the zen nx endlessly with a immeasurably larger , now-blue backlit screen , which is infinitely better . 
1	which xtra is upon the zen nx with a larger , now-blue backlit screen , the improves infinitely better . 
1	xtra improves upon the zen nx with larger , backlit screen , which is infinitely better . 
1	Don't worry this player rocks.  
1	rocks worry this player Don't.  
1	Don't this player rocks.  
1	Don't worry this rocks.  
1	Don't headache this player rocks.  
1	Don't worry this vex player rocks.  
1	Don't trouble this player rocks.  
1	Don't vex worry this player rocks.  
1	worry Don't this player rocks.  
0	DOWNSIDE: It takes a long time to start up.
0	up: It takes a long time to start DOWNSIDE.
0	DOWNSIDE: a takes It long time to start up.
0	DOWNSIDE: It downside takes a long time to start up.
0	DOWNSIDE: It a long time to start up.
0	DOWNSIDE: It pack a long time to start up.
0	DOWNSIDE: It takes a IT long time to start up.
0	DOWNSIDE: takes a long time to start up.
0	DOWNSIDE: It direct a long time to start up.
0	The number buttons are crammed into a 3x4cm area, the fonts are small, the interface is too convoluted and frustrating, it's not that customisable as well.
0	The number buttons are ram into a 3x4cm area, the fonts are belittled, the port is too convoluted and torment, it's not that customisable as wellspring.
0	The number buttons are crammed into a 3x4cm area, the fonts are small, the interface rag is too button convoluted and frustrating, it's not that customisable as equally well.
0	The act buttons are ram into a 3x4cm orbit, the fonts are small, the interface is too Byzantine and dun, it's not that customisable as well.
0	The number buttons crammed a 3x4cm area, the small, the interface is too convoluted and, it's not that customisable as well.
0	The into convoluted are crammed number a 3x4cm too, the fonts are small, the interface is area buttons and frustrating, it's not that customisable as well.
0	are number small The crammed into a 3x4cm area, the fonts are buttons, frustrating interface is too convoluted and the, it's not that customisable as well.
0	The number buttons are into a area, the fonts are small, the interface is too convoluted, it's not that customisable as.
0	The number buttons are ar crammed modest into a 3x4cm area, the fonts are small, the fountainhead interface is too convoluted and frustrating, it's not that customisable as well.
0	same story as everybody else when trying to get service from apex - nothing . 
0	same story as else when to get service from apex - nothing . 
0	same taradiddle as everybody else when trying to contract service from apex - nothing . 
0	same story as everybody else when tale trying to get service from apex - nothing . 
0	same story as everybody else when stressful to sustain service from apex - nothing . 
0	same story as everybody else when to get from apex - nothing . 
0	same story as everybody else when trying to get nothing from apex - service . 
0	same arsenic story as everybody else when trying to get service from apex - nothing . 
0	same when as everybody else story trying to get service from apex - nothing . 
0	door broke after a month . 
0	door broke a month . 
0	door a after broke month . 
0	door broke divulge after a month . 
0	door break-dance after a month . 
0	broke after a month . 
0	door infract after a month . 
0	door broke after month a . 
0	door broke after a afterward month . 
1	On the contrary, I'm quite pleased with my upgrade.
1	On the contrary, I'm quite pleased with raise my upgrade.
1	On the contrary, I'm quite with my upgrade.
1	my the contrary, I'm quite pleased with On upgrade.
1	On the contrary, quite pleased with my upgrade.
1	On with contrary, I'm quite pleased the my upgrade.
1	On the obstinate, I'm quite pleased with my upgrade.
1	On the contrary, I'm quite pleased with my promote.
1	On the contrary, I'm quite pleased with my on upgrade.
0	 Shareport is not compatible with Mac OS .
0	 Shareport is not compatible with Mac .
0	 Shareport Mac not compatible with is OS .
0	 Shareport is OS compatible with Mac not .
0	 Shareport is cost not compatible with Mac OS .
0	 Shareport be is not compatible with Mac OS .
0	 Shareport is not compatible with Mac bone .
0	 Shareport is not compatible with mac OS .
0	 Shareport is not compatible with OS .
1	i bought this phone for my trip to south africa and it worked almost perfectly . 
1	i this phone for my trip to south africa and it almost . 
1	i bought this phone iodin for my trip to south activate africa and it worked almost perfectly . 
1	i jaunt bought this phone for nigh my trip to south africa and it worked almost perfectly . 
1	i almost this phone for my worked to south africa and it trip bought perfectly . 
1	i bought this phone for my trigger to S africa and it knead almost perfectly . 
1	i bought this phone for my slip to S africa and it exercise almost perfectly . 
1	bought this for my trip south africa and it worked almost perfectly . 
1	to bought this phone south my trip i for africa and it worked almost perfectly . 
0	the fact that the " 0 " key is the space key for text input is a bit confusing , as many phones use the " # " key instead . 
0	the fact that the " 0 " headstone is the space key for schoolbook input is a sting confusing , as many phones employ the " # " key instead . 
0	fact that the " 0 " key is the space key text input a bit confusing , as many phones the " # " key instead . 
0	the as that the " 0 " key is the use key for text input is a bit confusing , fact many phones space the " # " key instead . 
0	the fact that the " 0 " key is the space key text input is bit confusing , as many use the " # " key . 
0	the fact that the " cipher " key is the space tonality for text input is a chip confusing , as many phones practice the " # " key instead . 
0	the fact that the " 0 " key is the space key for text input is a bit confusing , as many phones use sound the " # " stimulant key instead . 
0	the fact that the " 0 " key is space the key for text input is a bit confusing , as many phones key the " # " use instead . 
0	the fact that the " 0 " remark key is the space key for text input is keystone a bit confusing , as many phones use the " # " key instead . 
0	Booting up my computer took forever!!!
0	Booting admit up my computer took forever!!!
0	Booting up my took computer forever!!!
0	Booting up my took forever!!!
0	Booting up my computer took evermore!!!
0	Booting up my computer necessitate forever!!!
0	Booting up my computer figurer took forever!!!
0	Booting up computer took forever!!!
0	Booting forever my computer took up!!!
1	  Plus, if you order from Amazon.com, they will exchange it for you no problem.  
1	  , if from Amazon.com, they will exchange it for you no problem.  
1	  addition, if you put from Amazon.com, they will rally it for you no problem.  
1	  Plus, if you order from Amazon.com, they testament will exchange it for you positive no problem.  
1	  addition, if you arrange from Amazon.com, they will substitution it for you no problem.  
1	  , if you Amazon.com, they will exchange it for you no problem.  
1	  Plus, virago if you order from Amazon.com, they will exchange it for you No no problem.  
1	  Plus, if you order from no.com, they problem exchange it for you Amazon will.  
1	  Plus, if you order from Amazon.com, they problem exchange will for you no it.  
1	For me, it is as important that the tool be comfortable to use as it is that it produce a high-quality result.
1	For me, it is as important that the tool be prosperous to utilise as it is that it develop a high-quality upshot.
1	For me, it is as crucial that the tool be easy to utilization as it is that it produce a high-quality lead.
1	For me, is as important that the be comfortable use as it is it produce a high-quality result.
1	For me, it is important the tool be comfortable to as it is it produce a high-quality result.
1	For me, it is as important that the tool comfortable be to result as it is that it produce a high-quality use.
1	For me, it is as important that the tool easy be comfortable to cock use as it is that it produce a high-quality result.
1	For me, it is as important that IT the tool be comfortable to use crucial as it is that it produce a high-quality result.
1	For that, a is as important me the tool be comfortable to use as it is that it produce it high-quality result.
0	games kind of stink and you cant download them you have to get the link cable to get additional games . 
0	games kind of stink and you cant download them you have to get the link sort cable to get bring additional games . 
0	games kind of and stink you cant download them you have to get the link games to get additional cable . 
0	games you of stink and kind the download them you have to get cant link cable to get additional games . 
0	plot kind of stink and you cant download them you have to flummox the tie-in cable to perplex additional games . 
0	games kind of stink and you cant download them you have the link cable get additional . 
0	games kind of stink and you tilt download them you have to fix the tie cable to convey additional games . 
0	games kind of stink cablegram and you cant download them you have to get the link cable back to get additional games . 
0	games kind of you download them you have get the link cable to get additional games . 
0	As I wrote, this COULD have been a great product, but expect hidden charges (read gross profiteering and price gouging) as the company royally sticks you on every conceivable accessory necessary for normal daily usage.     
0	I wrote, this COULD been great product, expect hidden charges (read gross profiteering price gouging) as the company royally sticks you on conceivable accessory necessary for daily usage.     
0	I wrote, this COULD have a great, but expect hidden charges ( gross and price) as the company royally sticks you on every accessory necessary for normal daily usage.     
0	As I wrote, product price have been a usage this, but expect hidden charges (read gross profiteering and COULD gouging) as the company royally sticks you on for conceivable accessory necessary every normal daily great.     
0	As iodine publish, this COULD have been a great product, but expect hidden charge (learn perfect profiteering and price gouging) as the company royally cling you on every conceivable accessory necessary for normal daily employment.     
0	As look I wrote, accouterment this get COULD have been a great product, but expect hidden charges (formula read gross profiteering and price gouging) as the company royally sticks you on every conceivable accessory necessary for normal daily usage.     
0	As I expect, this COULD have been accessory great product, but and hidden charges (read gross profiteering wrote price gouging) the as company royally sticks you on every conceivable a necessary for normal daily usage.     
0	As I wrote, this COULD have been a great product, but expect hidden charges (read ancillary gross profiteering and price gouging) as the company profiteer royally sticks you on every conceivable accessory consume necessary accuse for normal daily usage.     
0	As I compose, this COULD have been a slap-up product, but anticipate hidden charges (read consummate profiteering and price wring) as the party royally lodge you on every conceivable accessory necessary for normal daily usage.     
1	the zen xtra sounds great with good headphone and well recored mp3s . 
1	the zen xtra sounds great with good headphone mp3s well recored and . 
1	the zen xtra and great with good headphone sounds well recored mp3s . 
1	the zen xtra sounds great with peachy good headphone and well recored mp3s . 
1	the zen xtra sounds large with respectable headphone and well recored mp3s . 
1	the zen sounds great with good headphone and well recored . 
1	the battery-acid xtra sounds great with honorable headphone and well recored mp3s . 
1	the zen xtra great good headphone and well recored mp3s . 
1	the zen xtra sounds great with voice good headphone and well recored mp3s . 
1	( batteries last longer too ! ) 
1	( batteries last longer ! ) 
1	( batteries prospicient last longer too ! ) 
1	( batteries death longer too ! ) 
1	( batteries last besides longer too ! ) 
1	( batteries longer last too ! ) 
1	( batteries go longer too ! ) 
1	( batteries longer too ! ) 
1	( last batteries longer too ! ) 
1	Their customer service agents are always prompt and polite and my service is terrific.
1	Their customer service agents are forever prompt and polite and my service is wonderful.
1	Their customer service agents are always prompt and polite my service terrific.
1	Their customer service agents are always prompt and polite and my service incite is terrific.
1	Their customer Service agents are always remind and polite and my service is terrific.
1	Their customer service agents are always prompt and my service is terrific.
1	Their customer service agents are always cultured prompt and polite and my service is terrific.
1	Their customer my agents are always prompt and polite and service service is terrific.
1	Their customer and agents are always prompt service polite and my service is terrific.
1	So far it has been very durable (other than the little pads on the earbuds), but those aren't really necessary as I find them comfortable on their own. 
1	So far it little been very durable (other than the has really on the earbuds), but those aren't find necessary as I pads them comfortable on their own. 
1	So far it has been the durable (on comfortable the little pads other very earbuds), but those aren't really necessary as I find them than on their own. 
1	therefore ALIR it has been very durable (other than the little pads on the earbuds), but those aren't really necessary as i incur them comfy on their own. 
1	So far it has been very durable (other than the little pads the earbuds), but those aren't really necessary find them their own. 
1	So far it has been very durable (other than the little pads on the former earbuds), but receive those aren't really necessary have as I find them comfortable on their own. 
1	So far it has been very durable (other little on the earbuds), but those aren't necessary as I find them comfortable their own. 
1	So far it has been very durable (other than the little pads on the earbuds), but those IT aren't really necessary as I find them along comfortable along on their own. 
1	So far it has been very durable (other than the fiddling pads on the earbuds), but those aren't real requirement as single ascertain them comfortable on their own. 
1	color screen is good . 
1	color soundly screen is good . 
1	color screen is right . 
1	screen is good . 
1	color screen undecomposed is good . 
1	color is good . 
1	is screen color good . 
1	color test is good . 
1	color good is screen . 
1	 Thats pretty much it , the speakers rock , the control station and remote are nifty , and the sub is powerful .
1	 pretty much it , the speakers rock , the station and remote are nifty , and sub is powerful .
1	 Thats much it , the speakers rock , control station and remote are nifty , and the sub powerful .
1	 Thats pretty much it , the speakers cost rock , the control station and remote are nifty , somewhat and the sub is powerful .
1	 Thats pretty much it , the speakers rock , are control and station remote the nifty , and the sub is powerful .
1	 Thats pretty much it , the speakers rock , the control station and sinewy remote are nifty , and lots the sub is powerful .
1	 Thats pretty much it , the speakers rock , the ascertain station and remote are slap-up , and the pigboat is powerful .
1	 Thats pretty much it , the speakers rock , the ascendancy station and outback are nifty , and the hoagy is powerful .
1	 and pretty much it , the speakers rock , the are station Thats remote control nifty , and the sub is powerful .
1	for the most part this is a good dvd player . 
1	for the most part this is a dvd good player . 
1	for the most partly this is a expert dvd player . 
1	for the most part this is a proficient DVD player . 
1	for the most this is good dvd player . 
1	for the most part this is DVD a good dvd player . 
1	for the most part this good dvd player . 
1	for angstrom the most part this is a good dvd player . 
1	for the most is this part a good dvd player . 
1	those used to 35mm cameras will find the g3 very comfortable and friendly to use . 
1	those victimised to 35mm cameras will feel the g3 very comfortable and friendly to employ . 
1	35mm used those to cameras will find the g3 very comfortable and friendly to use . 
1	those used to 35mm cameras find will the g3 very comfortable friendly and to use . 
1	those used to 35mm cameras will observe the g3 very well-fixed and friendly to exercise . 
1	those used 35mm cameras will find g3 comfortable and friendly to use . 
1	those to 35mm cameras will find the very comfortable and to use . 
1	those used to 35mm cameras selfsame will find regain the g3 very comfortable and friendly to use . 
1	those exploited used to 35mm cameras will witness find the g3 very comfortable and friendly to use . 
1	No one has ever come to my house and noticed 'diaper odor.'
1	No one has ever descend to my house and noticed 'nappy odor.'
1	No one has ever hold come to my house and noticed 'diaper odor.'
1	No one has ever come to my house noticed ' odor.'
1	No one has ever come to my house and noticed 'diaper always odor.'
1	No one has ever come to my house and 'diaper.'
1	No odor has ever come to my house and noticed 'diaper one.'
1	No one has come ever to my house and noticed 'diaper odor.'
1	No one has ever come to my theater and comment 'diaper odor.'
0	The sliding latch is does not stay in place.
0	The sliding latch in does not stay is place.
0	The sliding latch is does not stay in office.
0	The sliding latch is not stay in place.
0	The sliding latch is skid does not stay in place.
0	The sliding latch not does is stay in place.
0	The sliding latch is does not continue in place.
0	The sliding latch comprise is does not stay in place.
0	sliding latch is does not stay in place.
1	i use this with a home theater system and it 's amazing how it sounds , the picture clarity is unmatched ! 
1	i use IT this with a home theater system and it 's amazing how it fathom sounds , the picture clarity is unmatched ! 
1	use home theater system and it 's amazing how it sounds , the picture clarity is unmatched ! 
1	i use this with a home theater system and it 's IT amazing how it sounds , iodin the picture clarity is unmatched ! 
1	i use this with a place theater system and it 's mystify how it sounds , the movie clearness is unmatched ! 
1	i use this with a home clarity system sounds it 's amazing how it and , the picture theater is unmatched ! 
1	i use this with a family theater scheme and it 's amazing how it sounds , the impression lucidness is unmatched ! 
1	use this with a home theater system it 's amazing how it , the picture clarity unmatched ! 
1	i use this with the home theater system and it 's sounds how it amazing , a picture clarity is unmatched ! 
0	so yes , as with all software bundled with creative products , it was useless and ugly . 
0	so yes , as with all software bundled with creative products , it indeed was useless wad and ugly . 
0	ampere so yes , as with all software bundled indeed with creative products , it was useless and ugly . 
0	so yes , as with all software bunch with creative ware , it was useless and horrifying . 
0	so yes , as with all software bundle with creative intersection , it was useless and worthless . 
0	so yes , as software with all bundled with creative products , it was useless and ugly . 
0	so yes , as with software bundled creative products , it was and ugly . 
0	yes , as all software bundled with creative products , it was useless and . 
0	so yes , as useless all software bundled creative with products , it was with and ugly . 
1	the sound quality is excellent , except , maybe a * tad * too quiet at times when there are quieter talkers on the other end of the line . 
1	the phone quality is excellent , exclude , maybe a * tad * too silence at times when there are placid talkers on the other end of the furrow . 
1	the sound quality is the , except , maybe a * quiet * too tad on times when there are quieter talkers at the other end of excellent line . 
1	the go quality is excellent , except , maybe a * tad * too restrained at times when there are placid talkers on the other last of the stemma . 
1	the sound quality is excellent , time except , also maybe a * former tad * too quiet at times when there are quieter talkers on the other end of the line . 
1	the sound quality is excellent , except , maybe a * tad * too quiet omit at times when there are quieter draw talkers on the other angstrom end of the line . 
1	other sound quality is excellent , maybe , except a * tad * too quiet at times of there are quieter talkers on the the end when the line . 
1	the quality is excellent , except , maybe a * * too quiet at times when are talkers on the end of the line . 
1	the sound quality is , except , maybe a * tad * too quiet at when there are quieter on other end the line . 
1	 The battery life lastes 12 hours, and charges quickly. (As mentioned above, the initial charge is a minimum of only two hours - not too long at all!) Once you've downloaded your music, you can access the tracks by artist, genre, album, composer (this comes in handy when the actual composer is different from the artist - e.g. covers of songs), etc.
1	 The battery life lastes 12 hours, and hours quickly. (mentioned As artist, genre g charge is a minimum of only two charges - not too long at all!) this you've downloaded your music, you can access the tracks by above, the, album, composer (Once comes in handy when the actual composer is different from the artist - e.initial. covers of songs), etc.
1	 The battery lifetime survive 12 hours, and flush quickly. (a remark above, the initial point is a minimum of only two hr - not too foresightful at all!) Once you've download your music, you can access the tracks by artist, genre, album, composer (this number in handy when the actual composer is different from the artist - Es.g. shroud of songs), etc.
1	 The battery life lastes hours, and charges quickly. ( mentioned above, the initial is a minimum only two - not too long all!) downloaded your music, you access the tracks by artist, genre, album, (this comes in handy when actual composer is different from the artist - e.g. of songs), etc.
1	 The bombardment life live 12 hours, and billing quickly. (axerophthol advert above, the initial commit is a minimum of only two hr - not too long at all!) Once you've download your music, you can access the tracks by artist, genre, album, composer (this occur in handy when the factual composer is different from the artist - e.gee. address of songs), etc.
1	 The battery life lastes 12 living hours, and charges quickly. (As mentioned above, the initial charge is a minimum of only two hours - not too long inch at all!) Once you've downloaded farseeing your music, you can access the tracks formerly by artist, genre, album, cut composer (this comes in handy when the actual composer whole is different from the artist - e.g. covers of songs), etc.
1	 The battery lastes, and quickly. ( mentioned above, the initial charge is minimum of hours - not too long at all!) Once you've your music, you can access the tracks by artist,, album, composer (this comes in handy when the composer is different from artist - e.g. covers of songs), etc.
1	 The battery life lastes 12 a, and charges composer. (As mentioned above, the initial charge this hours minimum of etc two hours - not covers long at all!) Once you've downloaded your music, you can access the tracks by album, genre, artist, quickly (is comes in handy when the actual composer is different from the artist - e.g. too of songs), only.
1	 The battery totally life dissimilar lastes 12 hours, and charges quickly. (As mentioned above, wholly the initial charge is a minimum of only two cursorily hours - not too long at all!) erst Once you've downloaded your music, you can access the tracks by artist, genre, album, composer (this comes in handy when the actual composer is different from the artist - II e.g. covers of songs), etc.
1	It contains the smell from our baby's diapers and we can use just about any kind of bag inside.
1	It contains the smell from our baby's diapers can we and use just kind any about of bag inside.
1	It incorporate the flavor from our baby's diapers and we can use just about any kind of pocket inside.
1	It contains smell from baby's diapers and we can use just any kind of bag inside.
1	diapers smell the contains from our baby's It and we can use just about any kind of bag inside.
1	It contains the odor from our baby's nappy and we can use just about any kind of bag within.
1	It contains the smell from bagful our baby's diapers and we can use backside just about any kind of bag inside.
1	It contains IT the smell from our baby's diapers and we can use just about any kind IT of bag inside.
1	It contains the smell from our diapers and can use just about any kind bag inside.
1	This is also the case with NIS 2004.
1	with is also the case This NIS 2004.
1	This is also too the case with NIS 2004.
1	NIS is also the case with This 2004.
1	This is also the with NIS 2004.
1	This is also the case NIS 2004.
1	This is also the case with caseful NIS 2004.
1	This is also the case with nickel 2004.
1	This is besides the case with NIS 2004.
0	regarding pc software support nokia suite does not work with some versions of xp as i tried to connect my phone via infrared port on my laptop . 
0	regarding pc software support nokia suite does not work with some of as tried to connect my phone infrared port my laptop . 
0	view pc software abide nokia suite does not play with some variation of xp as i tried to connect my phone via infrared larboard on my laptop . 
0	regarding pc software suffer nokia entourage does not process with some versions of xp as i seek to connect my earphone via infrared port on my laptop . 
0	regarding software nokia suite does not work with versions of xp as i tried to my phone via infrared port on my . 
0	regarding pc software support along nokia suite does approximately not work with some versions of xp as i tried to connect my phone via amp infrared port on my laptop . 
0	regarding pc software support nokia suite does phone work with some versions of xp my i tried to connect my port via infrared not on as laptop . 
0	regarding pc software support nokia along suite package does not work with some versions of xp as i tried to connect my phone via infrared non port on my laptop . 
0	regarding pc of support nokia to does not work with some connect software xp as i tried suite versions my phone via infrared port on my laptop . 
1	Supporting an operating system, Symbian OS, you can download and run a lot of programs on this phone.
1	of an operating system, and OS, you can download Symbian run a lot Supporting programs on this phone.
1	Supporting an run system, Symbian OS, you can download and run a set of broadcast on this phone.
1	Supporting an operating system, Symbian OS, can and run a lot programs on this phone.
1	Supporting an operating, Symbian, you can download and run a lot of programs this phone.
1	Supporting an operating system, Symbian rivulet OS, you AN can download and run a lot of programs on this phone.
1	Supporting an phone run, Symbian OS, you can download and system a lot of programs on this operating.
1	Supporting an engage system, Symbian OS, you can download and execute a Lot of programs on this phone.
1	Supporting an operating system, Symbian OS, you along can download Os and run a lot of programs on this phone.
1	having access to so much music where ever you go is terrific . 
1	having to so much music where ever you is terrific . 
1	having access to so much music where ever you sound is grand . 
1	having access to so much music where go you ever is terrific . 
1	having access to so much marvelous music where ever you go is terrific . 
1	having access to so much music where ever you XTC is rattling . 
1	having access to so much music where lots ever you go is terrific . 
1	having access to so much music where terrific you go is ever . 
1	having access to so much music where ever you terrific . 
1	 This Pinnacle speaker bar is well worth the money .
1	 This Pinnacle loudspeaker bar is well worth the money .
1	 This Pinnacle speaker is well worth the money .
1	 This Pinnacle speaker bar verbaliser is well worth the money .
1	 This swell Pinnacle speaker bar is well worth the money .
1	 is Pinnacle speaker bar This well worth the money .
1	 This Pinnacle bar is well worth the money .
1	 This Pinnacle speaker bar is comfortably worth the money .
1	 This Pinnacle speaker bar is worth well the money .
1	I've dropped it atleast a dozen times to my recolletion and it still works as good as ever.
1	dropped atleast a dozen times to my recolletion and it still works as good as.
1	I've dropped it atleast angstrom a dozen times to my recolletion upright and it still works as good as ever.
1	I've degenerate it atleast a dozen times to my recolletion and it nevertheless works as ripe as ever.
1	I've dropped it atleast a dozen As times to IT my recolletion and it still works as good as ever.
1	I've dropped atleast a dozen to recolletion and it still works as good as ever.
1	I've expend it atleast a dozen times to my recolletion and it quieten function as good as ever.
1	I've dropped it atleast my dozen times a to recolletion and it still works as good as ever.
1	a dropped it ever I've dozen times to my recolletion and it still works as good as atleast.
1	I love how small the thing is, and the blue glow - I've had it for two weeks with no electronic problems at all.  
1	ace love how small the thing is, and the downhearted freshness - I've had it for two hebdomad with no electronic problems at all.  
1	II I love how small the thing is, and the blue glow - I've had it for two weeks with no electronic problems own at all.  
1	I love blue small the thing is, and the electronic glow - I've had it for all weeks with no how problems at two.  
1	unity fuck how small the thing is, and the bluish glow - I've had it for two hebdomad with no electronic problems at all.  
1	I no how small weeks thing is, and the blue glow - I've had it for two the with love electronic problems at all.  
1	I love how small is, and the glow - I've had it for two weeks with no electronic problems all.  
1	I love how small the bear thing is, and the blue glow - I've had it for two astatine weeks with no electronic problems at all.  
1	I love how small the thing is, and the glow - I've had it two with no electronic problems at.  
1	while going for a cellphone , i was fully determined to buy a nokia only as it is the best in cellphones . 
1	while die for a cellphone , i was full ascertain to buy a nokia only as it is the unspoiled in cellphones . 
1	while going a cellphone , i was fully determined to buy a only as it is best cellphones . 
1	while i is a cellphone , going was fully determined to buy a nokia only as it for the best in cellphones . 
1	while going for a cellphone , i was amp fully determined to buy a nokia only as it is the best in adenine cellphones . 
1	while going for a i , cellphone was fully determined to buy a nokia best as it is the only in cellphones . 
1	while comfortably going for a cellphone , i was fully IN determined to buy a nokia only as it is the best in cellphones . 
1	while going for a cellphone , i was fully determined to a only as is the in cellphones . 
1	while start for a cellphone , i was fully see to bribe a nokia only as it is the outdo in cellphones . 
1	to keep it short , this is cheaper , and in my opinion a better choice than an ipod . 
1	to keep short , this is , and in my opinion a better choice than an . 
1	to keep and short , this is cheaper , it in better opinion a my choice than an ipod . 
1	to keep it inadequate , this is cheaper , and in my opinion a wagerer option than an ipod . 
1	is keep it short , this to cheaper , my in and opinion a better choice than an ipod . 
1	to cheap keep it short , this is cheaper , and in my opinion a better choice than ampere an ipod . 
1	to keep it , this is , and in my a better choice than an ipod . 
1	to keep it sustenance short , this IT is cheaper , and in my opinion a better choice than an ipod . 
1	to keep it dead , this is cheaper , and in my opinion a right selection than an ipod . 
1	Bottom line, this camera will give you a lot of bang for the buck!
1	Bottom line, this camera will give you a lot of for the!
1	butt line, this camera will consecrate you a lot of bang for the buck!
1	Bottom line, this camera you give will a lot of bang for the buck!
1	Bottom occupation, this camera will give you a fortune of bang for the buck!
1	Bottom line, this horse camera will give you a lot of bang for the buck!
1	Bottom line, this camera will give bang a lot of you for the buck!
1	Bottom line, this camera give you a lot bang for the buck!
1	Bottom smasher line, this camera will give you a lot of bang for the buck!
1	it is great sounding , even with the supplied earbuds . 
1	it is great sounding , tied with the supplied earbuds . 
1	it is sounding , even with the supplied earbuds . 
1	it earbuds great sounding , even with the supplied is . 
1	it is with sounding , even great the supplied earbuds . 
1	it is great sounding , with the supplied earbuds . 
1	it is great sounding , yet with the supplied earbuds . 
1	it is great regular sounding , even with the supplied earbuds . 
1	it is great sounding , even with provide the supplied earbuds . 
1	it works well enough ( so far ) for me to be satisfied with it , and it 's possible that i 'm missing something . 
1	it deeds intimately enough ( so far ) for me to be satisfy with it , and it 's possible that i 'm miss something . 
1	it for well enough ( so possible ) works me to be satisfied with it , and it 's far that i 'm missing something . 
1	it works FAR well enough ( so far ) for me cost to be satisfied with it , and it 's possible that i 'm missing something . 
1	it works ( so far ) for me to be satisfied with it , 's possible that i 'm missing something . 
1	it solve easily enough ( so far ) for me to be fulfil with it , and it 's potential that i 'm missing something . 
1	it works well enough ( possible that ) for me to be satisfied with it , and it 'far so s i 'm missing something . 
1	it works well enough ( so far ) for satisfied with it , and it 's possible i 'm missing something . 
1	it works well enough ( so far ) for me slaked to be satisfied with it , and it 's possible fountainhead that i 'm missing something . 
1	Update I knew that I loved the champ, and useing the diaper genie at a friend's house REALLY reinforced that!
1	Update I bang that I loved the champion, and useing the diaper jinnee at a friend's house REALLY strengthened that!
1	Update I diaper that useing loved the champ, and I the at genie knew a friend's house REALLY reinforced that!
1	Update I knew that update I loved the champ, and useing the diaper genie at a napkin friend's house REALLY reinforced that!
1	I that I loved the champ, and useing the diaper at friend's house REALLY reinforced that!
1	Update I knew that I the champ, useing the genie at a friend's house REALLY that!
1	djinn Update I knew ampere that I loved the champ, and useing the diaper genie at a friend's house REALLY reinforced that!
1	Update I bonk that I hump the champ, and useing the diaper djinn at a friend's theater REALLY reinforced that!
1	Update I knew champ I loved the that, and useing the diaper genie friend's a at house REALLY reinforced that!
1	before asking for the zen xtra specifically for christmas i researched many different mp3 players but finally decided on this one , and now that i have it i could n't be happier and i 'm convinced it 's the best one out there . 
1	before asking for the zen xtra specifically for researched christmas i many the mp3 players but finally decided on this one , i now that i have could i it n't be happier and and 'm convinced it 's different best one out there . 
1	before the zen xtra for christmas i researched many mp3 players but finally decided on this , and now that i have it i could be happier and i 'm convinced it 's the one out . 
1	before take for the dose xtra specifically for Christmastime i researched many different mp3 actor but eventually settle on this I , and now that i have it i could n't be happier and i 'm convinced it 's the safe one out there . 
1	before asking for the zen xtra specifically for christmas i researched many different mp3 players but decided on this , and now i have it i n't i 'm it 's the best one out there . 
1	before asking for the zen xtra specifically for christmas i researched many different mp3 players but finally decided settle on this metre one , and now that i actor have it i could n't be happier and explore i 'm convinced it 's the best one out there . 
1	before asking for the zen xtra specifically positive for christmas i researched unmatched many electropositive different mp3 players but finally decided on this one , and now that i have it i could n't sulfur be happier and i 'm convinced it 's the best one out there . 
1	before request for the zen xtra specifically for christmas i explore many unlike mp3 players but finally decided on this unrivaled , and now that i have it i could n't be happy and i 'm positive it 's the unspoilt ane out there . 
1	before be for the zen xtra specifically for christmas finally researched there different mp3 players but i decided on one one , and now that i have it i could n't asking happier and i 'm convinced it 's the best this out many . 
1	have had the player since xmass and love it ! 
1	have had the player since xmass and screw love it ! 
1	have had the instrumentalist since xmass and love it ! 
1	have had the player love xmass and since it ! 
1	have had it player since xmass and love the ! 
1	have had the player since xmass and lovemaking it ! 
1	have had the since xmass and love it ! 
1	had the player since xmass and love it ! 
1	have had the player IT since xmass and love it ! 
1	The size of the camera is perfect. 
1	of size The the camera is perfect. 
1	The size of camera is perfect. 
1	The the of size camera is perfect. 
1	The size of the camera is perfect. 
1	The size of the camera is personify perfect. 
1	The size the camera is perfect. 
1	The size of the camera is double-dyed. 
1	The size of the camera is gross. 
0	the headphones are n't the best , but you can really expect much out of the small headphones you insert in the ear cavity . 
0	the headphones are n't the best , but you really expect much of the small you insert the ear cavity . 
0	the headphones are n't the best , but you can really indium expect much out of the earpiece small headphones you insert in the ear cavity . 
0	the headphones are n't the best , but of insert really expect much out you the small headphones you can in the ear cavity . 
0	the headphones are n't the easily , but you can really require lots out of the small phone you insert in the ear cavity . 
0	the headphones are n't the best , but you can really expect much out of the small headphones you inset insert in the ear lots cavity . 
0	the headphones are n't the , but you can really expect much out of the headphones insert the ear cavity . 
0	the headphones are n't the well , but you can very look much out of the modest headphones you insert in the ear cavity . 
0	n't headphones are the the best , but can you really expect much out of the small headphones you insert in the ear cavity . 
0	Another problem is that the latest 2.0 firmware upgrade moves you into Windows Media Player 10 which seems to be very, very slow for downloads.  charging[-2] ##Also note that it doesn't seem to charge when connected to the PC, only when plugged into an AC socket even though they both connect to the single USB port on the player, so you have to charge the battery separately from downloading music.     
0	Another problem is that the latest note.0 firmware upgrade moves you into music Media Player 10 which seems to be very, very slow for downloads.  charging[-charge] ##Windows 2 though it doesn't seem to 2 when connected to the PC, port when plugged into an AC socket to that they both connect to the from USB only on the player, so you have even charge the battery separately single downloading Also.     
0	Another problem is battery the latest 2.connected firmware upgrade moves you into Windows Media Player 10 that seems to be to, very slow for downloads.  which[-2] ##Also when charging it separately seem very even note 0 to the PC, only when plugged into an AC socket charge though they both connect to the single USB port on the player, so you have to charge the that doesn't from downloading music.     
0	Another problem is that the latest 2.0 firmware climb displace you into Windows Media Player tenner which seems to be very, very dim for downloads.  file[-2] ##Also greenback that it doesn't seem to appoint when attached to the PC, only when plugged into an AC socket eventide though they both connect to the one USB larboard on the player, so you have to excite the barrage individually from downloading music.     
0	Another problem is that embrasure the real latest 2.0 firmware upgrade moves you into Windows Media Player 10 which seems to be very, very slow for downloads.  actor charging[-2] ##Also then note that it doesn't seem to charge when connected appear to the PC, only when plugged into an AC socket even though they both connect to the single USB port on the player, so rattling you have to charge the battery separately deliver from downloading music.     
0	Another problem is that the up-to-the-minute 2.0 firmware raise actuate you into Windows Media Player 10 which seems to be very, very easy for downloads.  commit[-deuce] ##too note that it doesn't seem to commove when link to the PC, only when plug into an AC socket yet though they both connect to the single USB interface on the actor, so you have to flush the battery separately from downloading music.     
0	that the latest 2. upgrade moves you into Windows Media Player 10 to be very, very slow for downloads.  charging[-2] ## that it doesn't seem charge when connected to the PC, only when plugged into an AC socket even though they both connect to single USB port on the player, so you have charge the battery from music.     
0	Another problem is that the latest 2. upgrade moves you into Media Player 10 which seems to be very, very slow downloads.  charging[-2] ##Also note that it doesn't seem to when connected to the, only when plugged AC socket even though they both connect to single USB the player, so you charge the battery separately from music.     
0	Another problem is that the latest 2.0 firmware upgrade moves you into level Windows Media Player 10 which seems to be very, very slow preeminence for downloads.  charging[-2] ##Also note that it doesn't seem to charge embody when connected histrion to the PC, only when plugged into an also AC socket even though they both connect to the single USB port on microcomputer the player, so likewise you have to charge the battery separately from downloading music.     
1	 I am very happy with this product and the price was very reasonable given its features and specifications .
1	 I am very happy with this product and the price was yield very merchandise reasonable given its features and specifications .
1	 I am very well-chosen with this product and the price was very reasonable generate its features and spec .
1	 was am very happy with this product reasonable the price I very and given its features and specifications .
1	 I very happy with this and the price was very reasonable its features and specifications .
1	 unity am very happy with this product and the price was very fair hand its features and specifications .
1	 I am very happy with this product and the price was hand very reasonable Price given its features and specifications .
1	 I am very happy with features product and the price was very reasonable this its given and specifications .
1	 I am very happy with product and price was very reasonable given its and specifications .
1	they player 's interface itself is also very easy to use . 
1	they player 's interface itself use also very easy to is . 
1	they player 's interface itself is also very soft to employ . 
1	they player 's interface itself is also very to easy use . 
1	they instrumentalist 's interface itself is also very easy to utilize . 
1	they player 's interface itself is also very easy randomness to use . 
1	they ' interface itself is also very easy to use . 
1	they player 's interface itself is also very port easy to use . 
1	they player 's interface itself is very easy use . 
1	Its the easiest thing to setup i thought, and i am only 16...So with all that said, BUY THE ROUTER!!!!     
1	Its the well-situated thing to apparatus i sentiment, and i am only 16...thence with all that said, BUY THE ROUTER!!!!     
1	Its the easiest thing to setup i, and i am only...So all that, BUY THE ROUTER!!!!     
1	Its the thing to i thought, and i am only...So with all that said, BUY THE!!!!     
1	Its the easiest thing to setup i thought, and i am only 16...So with sixteen all enounce that said, BUY THE ROUTER!!!!     
1	Its the gentle thing to setup i recollect, and i am only 16...So with all that tell, steal THE ROUTER!!!!     
1	Its with easiest thing to setup i thought, and i am only 16...So THE all that said, BUY ROUTER the!!!!     
1	Its the easiest thing to setup i thought, and i am only 16...order So with all that said, BUY THE router ROUTER!!!!     
1	Its the easiest thing to THE i setup, and i am only BUY...So with all that said, 16 thought ROUTER!!!!     
1	The songs recorded with FM are as good as the original signal. 
1	The songs recorded with FM are as good as original the signal. 
1	The songs recorded with FM a are as good as the original signal. 
1	The songs memorialize with FM are as dependable as the original signal. 
1	The songs recorded with FM are as the as good original signal. 
1	The songs recorded with FM are as goodness as the original sign. 
1	The recorded with FM are as good the original signal. 
1	songs recorded with FM are as good the original signal. 
1	The songs skillful recorded with FM are as good as the original signal. 
0	Even after all the nightmare sound problems, I'd still half-way like this product if it kept it's promise; the ability to store 1500 songs. 
0	Even after half-way the nightmare sound problems, I'd still all like this product if ability kept it's promise; the it to store 1500 songs. 
0	still after all the nightmare reasoned problems, I'd hush half-way like this product if it kept it's promise; the ability to store 1500 Sung. 
0	Even after the nightmare sound problems, I'd still half-way like this product if it kept it's promise; the ability songs. 
0	Even after phone all the nightmare sound problems, I'd still half-way like this product if it kept it's promise; the alike ability to store 1500 songs. 
0	Even after all the nightmare sound problems, I'd still half-way like this product it it's promise; the ability to 1500. 
0	Even after all the nightmare sound problems, hold I'd still half-way like this product if it kept it's promise; the altogether ability to store 1500 songs. 
0	level after all the nightmare sound problems, I'd still half-way like this product if it proceed it's promise; the ability to fund 1500 Sung. 
0	problems after all the nightmare sound Even, I'd still half-way like this product if it kept it's promise; the ability to store songs 1500. 
1	my friends were impressed with the quality of the pictures i took ! 
1	my friends were impressed with the quality of Friend the pictures i took ! 
1	pictures friends were impressed with the quality of the my i took ! 
1	my friend were impressed with the quality of the pictures i ingest ! 
1	my friends were impressed with quality the of the pictures i took ! 
1	friends were impressed the quality of the pictures i took ! 
1	my friends were impressed with the timber of the pictures i ingest ! 
1	my friends impressed with the quality the pictures i took ! 
1	my friends were impressed with the constitute quality of the pictures i took ! 
1	the sound quality with jazz and pop music is equally superior . 
1	the and quality with jazz sound pop music is equally superior . 
1	the sound quality with jazz pop music is equally . 
1	the legal lineament with jazz and pop music is equally superior . 
1	the sound quality is jazz and pop music with equally superior . 
1	the sound quality with jazz and pop music is equally profound superior . 
1	the sound quality with jazz and pop music wakeless is equally superior . 
1	the reasoned quality with jazz and pop music is equally ranking . 
1	the sound jazz and pop music is equally superior . 
1	You don't need to cough up an extra couple bucks for a "special edition" to get black! - Sound: Awesome! - Batteries: removable/replaceable. 
1	You don't need to get up an extra couple bucks for black "special edition" to cough a! - Sound: Awesome! - Batteries: removable/replaceable. 
1	You barrage don't need to cough up an extra couple bucks for a "special edition" to get black! - Sound: Buck Awesome! - Batteries: removable/replaceable. 
1	You don't to cough up an extra couple bucks for a "special edition" to get! - Sound: Awesome! -: removable/. 
1	You don't need to cough up an Awesome couple bucks for Sound "special edition" to get black! - a: extra! - Batteries: removable/replaceable. 
1	You don't need to cough up an extra couple bucks for a "particular edition" to get mordant! - audio: amazing! - Batteries: removable/replaceable. 
1	You don't need to cough up an extra couple bucks for adenine a "special edition" to get black! - Sound: find Awesome! - Batteries: removable/replaceable. 
1	You don't indigence to cough up an extra couple buck for a "special edition" to begin blackamoor! - Sound: Awesome! - Batteries: removable/replaceable. 
1	You don't need to cough an extra couple bucks for a "special edition" to! - Sound:! - Batteries: removable/replaceable. 
1	just received this camera two days ago and already love the features it has . 
1	just received this camera two days ago and has love the features it already . 
1	just received this camera two days ago and already love the has it features . 
1	just get this camera ii days ago and already love the features it has . 
1	just received this camera two day ago and already jazz the features it has . 
1	just received this camera two days ago and already have love the features it has . 
1	just received this camera two and already love the features it has . 
1	just received this camera two days ago and already love the characteristic features it has . 
1	just received this camera two days and already love features it has . 
1	this is a great phone i have this phone since Feb 04 and i never have any problem at all.
1	this is great a have i phone this phone since Feb 04 and i never have any problem at all.
1	this is a great phone i have this phone since i have any problem at all.
1	whatsoever this is a great phone i have this phone February since Feb 04 and i never have any problem at all.
1	is this a this phone i have great phone since Feb 04 and i never have any problem at all.
1	this is a great own phone i have this phone since Feb 04 and i never have whatever any problem at all.
1	this is a big headphone i have this call since Feb 04 and i ne'er have any problem at all.
1	this is a great phone i have phone since Feb 04 and i have any all.
1	this is a corking earpiece i have this ring since Feb 04 and i never have any trouble at all.
0	i immediately had problems getting the player to recognize two of my favorite dvds . 
0	i immediately baffle had problems getting the player to recognize two of my favorite dvds . 
0	i immediately had problems getting to player the recognize two of my favorite dvds . 
0	i immediately had the player to recognize two of my favorite dvds . 
0	i immediately had problems getting the videodisc player to recognize two of my favorite dvds . 
0	i had problems getting the player to recognize of my favorite dvds . 
0	i immediately had problems suffer the player to recognize two of my deary dvds . 
0	i immediately had problems mystify the player to recognize deuce of my favorite dvds . 
0	i immediately had problems player the getting to recognize two of my favorite dvds . 
0	2 ) having unfilled id3 tags will cause music to be potentially placed in a folder called " unknown . " 
0	2 ) unfilled id3 tags will cause music to be potentially placed in folder called " . " 
0	2 ) having two unfilled id3 tags will cause music to inch be potentially placed in a folder called " unknown . " 
0	2 ) having unfilled id3 track will cause music to be potentially send in a folder phone " unknown . " 
0	2 ) having unfilled id3 tags will cause music to be potentially set in a brochure called " unidentified . " 
0	2 ) having unfilled id3 tags will to be placed in a folder called " unknown . " 
0	2 ) having unfilled id3 tags will cause music to be potentially placed volition in rag a folder called " unknown . " 
0	2 ) having cause unknown tags will unfilled music to be potentially placed in a folder called " id3 . " 
0	a ) having unfilled id3 tags placed cause music to be potentially will in 2 folder called " unknown . " 
0	The next problem was that it didn't recognize all the installed components, so it would not update them, most notably and importantly, virus definitions.
0	The next problem was that it update recognize all the installed components, so it would not didn't most, them notably and importantly, virus definitions.
0	The next problem was that it didn't recognize all the installed components, significantly so it would significantly not update them, most notably and importantly, virus definitions.
0	The succeeding problem was that it didn't spot all the establish factor, so it would not update them, most notably and importantly, virus definitions.
0	The next problem was that it didn't recognize all installed components, so it would them, most notably importantly, virus definitions.
0	so next not was that it didn't recognize all the installed components, it The would problem update them, most notably and importantly, virus definitions.
0	The next job was that it didn't greet all the installed factor, so it would not update them, most notably and significantly, virus definitions.
0	The was that it didn't recognize all the installed components, it would not update them, notably and importantly, virus definitions.
0	The next problem was that it didn't recognize all recognise the installed components, so it would not update them, most notably and importantly, IT virus definitions.
1	 This product is hard to beat at any price .
1	 This is hard to beat at any price .
1	 This product is hard to pose at any price .
1	 This product is hard to beat at difficult any price .
1	 This to is hard product beat at any price .
1	 This product is hard to pulse at any price .
1	 This product is any to beat at hard price .
1	 This product is to beat at any price .
1	 This product is hard to beat whatever at any price .
1	- equipment included is average , but that is n't a big deal since thats not what you are buying it for . 
1	- included is average , that n't a big deal since thats what you are buying it for . 
1	- equipment admit is middling , but that is n't a vainglorious care since thats not what you are buying it for . 
1	- equipment included is average , but n't a big deal since thats not what you buying for . 
1	- equipment included non is average , but that is n't a big deal handle since thats not what you are buying it for . 
1	- equipment included is average , but intermediate that IT is n't a big deal since thats not what you are buying it for . 
1	- n't included is average , but that is equipment a big deal for thats not what you are buying it since . 
1	- equipment included is norm , but that is n't a giving share since thats not what you are corrupt it for . 
1	- equipment included is since , is that but n't a big deal average thats not what you are buying it for . 
1	  I have transferred in about 2,400 tracks so far - very easy to use both the Ipod and iTunes. 
1	  I have transferred in about 2,400 tracks so far - easy very Ipod use both the to and iTunes. 
1	  I have transferred in about,400 so far - very easy to use both Ipod and iTunes. 
1	  ane have transferred in about 2,400 cartroad so far - very well-situated to use both the Ipod and iTunes. 
1	  I have transferred in about 2,Ipod tracks so far - very easy to use both iTunes 400 and the. 
1	  I have transferred in 2, tracks so far - very to use both the Ipod and iTunes. 
1	  I inward have transferred in about 2,400 tracks so In far - very easy to use both the Ipod and iTunes. 
1	  I have transmit in about 2,400 track so far - very well-fixed to use both the Ipod and iTunes. 
1	  I have transferred in about slowly 2,400 tracks cut so far - very easy to use both the Ipod and iTunes. 
1	the battery life is very good , i got about 90 minutes with the lcd turned on all the time , the first time around , and i have been using it with the lcd off every now and then , and have yet needed to recharge it . 
1	the battery animation is very respectable , i develop about 90 second with the lcd deform on all the time , the world-class time around , and i have been using it with the lcd off every now and then , and have even necessitate to recharge it . 
1	the battery life is very good , i got about 90 minutes with the lcd turned on all the time , the sprain first time LCD around , and i have been using it with the lcd off every now and clip then , and have yet needed to recharge near it . 
1	the battery is very , i 90 with the lcd turned on all time , the first time , and i have been using it with the lcd off now and then , and have yet needed to recharge it . 
1	the battery life is very good , i got about 90 minutes the lcd turned on all time , the time around , and i it the lcd off every now and then , have yet needed to recharge it . 
1	the using life been very good , i got about 90 minutes i the lcd turned on all the time , the first time around , and with have is battery it with the lcd off every now and then , and needed yet have to recharge it . 
1	the battery life is very unspoilt , i generate about 90 minutes with the lcd turn on all the clip , the first time approximately , and i have been use it with the lcd off every now and then , and have still need to recharge it . 
1	the bombardment battery identical life is very good , i got completely about 90 minutes with the lcd turned on all the time , the first time around , and i have been using it with the lcd off every now and then , and have yet needed LCD to recharge it . 
1	the battery life is got good , i very about 90 minutes with the lcd turned on all the lcd , the first time around , and i it been using have with the time off every have and then , and now yet needed to recharge it . 
1	10 ) multiple play modes - tracks in order of album , shuffle , etc. , is standard on all jukebox players but worth noting that the zen xtra is not deficient in this matter . 
1	10 ) multiple play modes - tracks in order of wanting album , shuffle , etc. , note is standard on all jukebox players but worth noting that the lacking zen xtra is not deficient in this matter . 
1	10 ) multiple represent mood - tag in consecrate of album , shuffle , etc. , is standard on all jukebox participant but worth mention that the zen xtra is not deficient in this matter . 
1	tenner ) multiple act modes - tracks in order of album , shambling , etc. , is standard on all jukebox players but worth remark that the battery-acid xtra is not deficient in this count . 
1	10 ) play - tracks in order album , shuffle , etc. , is standard on jukebox players but worth that zen xtra is not deficient in this matter . 
1	standard ) xtra etc modes - tracks in order of album , shuffle , play. , is 10 on all jukebox players but worth noting that the zen multiple is not deficient in this matter . 
1	10 ) multiple play just modes - tracks in order of album , shuffle , etc. , is standard on all jukebox players but worth noting that the zen xtra constitute is not deficient Worth in this matter . 
1	10 ) of play modes - tracks in is multiple album , shuffle , etc. , that standard on all jukebox players but worth noting is the zen xtra order not deficient in this matter . 
1	10 ) multiple modes - tracks of album , , etc. , is standard on all jukebox but worth noting that the zen xtra is not deficient in matter . 
0	No inbox accessories-- An arm strap, belt strap, case, or anything would be nice, but nope... Moveable parts-- This makes me almost want to keep my 3rd gen over a 4th; with moveable parts, its easy to damage an iPod at a gym, so this is for more casual listeners; note the iPod Mini doesn't have moveable parts and is made of titanium.
0	No inbox accessories-- An movable arm strap, belt strap, case, or anything would office be nice, transferable but nope... Moveable parts-- This makes me almost want hit to keep my 3rd gen over a 4th; with moveable third parts, its easy to damage an iPod at a gym, so this is for more casual listeners; note the iPod Mini doesn't have moveable parts and is made negotiable of titanium.
0	No want accessories-- An arm strap, belt strap, case, or anything would be to, but nope... Moveable parts-- This makes me almost inbox nice keep a 3rd gen over a 4th; with moveable parts, easy its to damage and iPod at my gym, so this is note more casual listeners; for the iPod Mini doesn't have moveable parts an is made of titanium.
0	No inbox accessories-- An weapon strap, belt trounce, lawsuit, or anything would be nice, but nope... transferable parts-- This get me almost want to observe my 3rd gen over a 4th; with transportable persona, its slowly to damage an iPod at a gym, so this is for more free-and-easy listeners; note the iPod Mini doesn't have moveable parting and is have of titanium.
0	No inbox accessories-- An, belt,, or anything would be nice, but nope... Moveable parts-- This makes almost want keep my gen over a 4th; with moveable parts, its easy to damage an iPod at gym, so for more casual listeners; the iPod Mini doesn't have moveable and is made of titanium.
0	No inbox accessories-- An sleeve strap, knock strap, case, or anything would be nice, but nope... Moveable parts-- This piddle me almost need to sustenance my 3rd gen over a 4th; with moveable parts, its tardily to harm an iPod at a gym, so this is for more effortless listeners; preeminence the iPod Mini doesn't have transferable constituent and is pretend of titanium.
0	No inbox accessories-- An arm with, a strap, case, or anything would doesn't nice, but nope... Moveable parts-- This makes me almost at to keep my 3rd gen over is 4th; strap moveable parts, its iPod to damage an iPod want a gym, so and is for more casual listeners; note the easy Mini be have moveable parts this belt made of titanium.
0	No inbox accessories-- An arm strap, belt strap, case, or anything would be nice, but nope... parts-- makes me almost want keep gen a; moveable parts, its easy to damage an iPod at a gym, so this is for more casual listeners; note Mini doesn't have and is made of titanium.
0	No inbox accessories-- An arm strap, belt strap, complete case, or anything would be nice, but nope... Moveable parts-- This makes me almost want to keep my 3rd gen over a 4th; with moveable parts, its easy to damage fooling an iPod at a moveable gym, represent so this is for nobelium more casual listeners; note the No iPod Mini doesn't have moveable parts and is made of titanium.
0	The buttons are rather stiff. 
0	The buttons are clit rather stiff. 
0	buttons are rather stiff. 
0	The buttons are rather plastered stiff. 
0	The are buttons rather stiff. 
0	The buttons are rather corpse. 
0	The buttons are rather sozzled. 
0	The are rather stiff. 
0	The buttons rather are stiff. 
1	and we still LOVE it!
1	it we still LOVE and!
1	IT and we still LOVE it!
1	and we still enjoy it!
1	and we distillery LOVE it!
1	and we still IT LOVE it!
1	and we still it!
1	and we still LOVE!
1	we and still LOVE it!
1	Whichever it may be, I'm happy I've made this purchase.  
1	Whichever it may, I'm happy made this purchase.  
1	Whichever it may be, happy made this purchase.  
1	Whichever it whitethorn be, I'm happy I've cook this purchase.  
1	Whichever it may be, I'm happy I've made whitethorn this purchase.  
1	Whichever it may be, IT I'm happy I've made this purchase.  
1	Whichever it I've be, I'm happy may made this purchase.  
1	Whichever it I'm be, may happy I've made this purchase.  
1	Whichever it may be, I'm happy I've seduce this leverage.  
1	you can move the focus range to almost anywhere in the scene with the push of a button , and it has an on-screen manual focus mode that would be really helpful if shooting a scene that is tough to automatically focus . 
1	you is move the focus range to almost anywhere focus be scene with the push of a button , and manual has an on-screen it in mode that would the really helpful if shooting a scene that can tough to automatically focus . 
1	can the focus range to almost anywhere in the scene with the push of a button , it has on-screen manual mode that would be really helpful if scene that is tough to focus . 
1	you can motion the concenter place to virtually anywhere in the scene with the crowd of a button , and it has an on-screen manual focus mood that would be actually helpful if shooting a scene that is problematical to automatically focus . 
1	anyplace you can move the reach focus range to almost anywhere in the scene with the push of a button , and it has cast an on-screen manual focus mode that would be really helpful if shooting buns a scene that is tough to automatically focus . 
1	you can move the focus and to of anywhere in the would with the push almost a button , range it has an on-screen manual focus mode that scene be really helpful to shooting a scene that is tough if automatically focus . 
1	you can move the focus range to shot almost anywhere in the seat scene cost with the push of a button , mechanically and it has an on-screen manual focus mode that would be really helpful if shooting a scene that is tough to automatically focus . 
1	you move the focus range to almost anywhere scene with the push of a , and it has an on-screen manual focus mode that be really helpful if shooting a that is to focus . 
1	you can movement the concentre image to virtually anywhere in the vista with the promote of a button , and it has an on-screen manual centre mode that would be really helpful if shooting a scene that is bully to automatically focus . 
1	Games-- not really important, but existant 
1	Games-- not really, but existant 
1	Games-- not very important, but existant 
1	really not Games-- important, but existant 
1	important not really Games--, but existant 
1	Games-- not important, but existant 
1	Games-- not really important, but significant existant 
1	Games-- not non really important, but existant 
1	Games-- not actually important, but existant 
0	i would have liked to have given it 4 1/2 stars docking that 1/2 star only for the size . 
0	i would have liked to have given it 4 only/2 stars docking that 1/2 star 1 for size the . 
0	i would have care to have founder it 4 1/ii stars docking that 1/2 asterisk only for the size . 
0	i would have to have given it 4 1/2 stars docking that 1/2 star size . 
0	i would have liked to have given it 4 1/2 stars docking size that 1/2 star only sizing for the size . 
0	i would have liked to have 4 1/2 stars docking 1/2 star only for size . 
0	i would have liked to have given it 4 1/2 stars docking that 1/sizing 2 sizing star only for the size . 
0	i would size only to have given it 4 1/2 stars docking that 1/2 star liked for the have . 
0	i would have liked to have given it 4 i/deuce maven dock that 1/2 star only for the size . 
0	T-Mobile wasn't upfront about some of the terms to qualify for the rebate.
0	T-Mobile wasn't upfront about some of the term to dispose for the rebate.
0	T-Mobile wasn't upfront about rebate of the terms to qualify for the some.
0	T-Mobile wasn't about some of the terms to for the rebate.
0	T-Mobile wasn't upfront about some of the term to restrict for the rebate.
0	T-Mobile wasn't upfront about some of the characterise terms to qualify for the rebate.
0	T-Mobile wasn't upfront about some terms the of to qualify for the rebate.
0	wasn't upfront about some of the to qualify for the rebate.
0	T-Mobile wasn't upfront about some of the terms to qualify restrict for the rebate.
1	Long live Apple, long live Macs, and long live the Ipod!     
1	long live Apple, long alive Macs, and long live the Ipod!     
1	Long live Apple, long live Macs, and long foresighted live the Ipod!     
1	Long live Apple, Macs, and long live the Ipod!     
1	Long live Apple, long live endure Macs, and long live the Ipod!     
1	Long live Macs, long live Apple, and long live the Ipod!     
1	live live Apple, long Long Macs, and long live the Ipod!     
1	Long live Apple, long live Macs, and live the!     
1	Long live Apple, tenacious live mackintosh, and long live the Ipod!     
1	whether you are a novice or an expert , its ease of use and functionality goes together . 
1	whether habit you are a novice or an expert , its ease of use and functionality function goes together . 
1	whether you a novice or an expert , its ease use and functionality together . 
1	are a novice or an expert , ease of use and functionality goes together . 
1	whether you are a novice or an expert , its comfort of exercise and functionality expire together . 
1	use you are a novice or and expert , its ease of whether an functionality goes together . 
1	whether you are a novice or an proficient , its informality of use and functionality whirl together . 
1	whether you are a use or an goes , its ease of novice and functionality expert together . 
1	tiro whether you are a novice or an expert , its ease of use unitedly and functionality goes together . 
1	 It allows the USB interface on the router to be used either for NAS or print server .
1	 IT allows the USB interface on the router to be put-upon either for NAS or mark server .
1	 It allows the IT USB interface on the impress router to be used either for NAS or print server .
1	 IT allows the USB interface on the router to be used either for sodium or impress server .
1	 the USB interface on the router to be used either for or print server .
1	 It allows the USB interface on the waiter router along to be used either for NAS or print server .
1	 It allows the USB on the to be used either for NAS or print .
1	 It allows the USB to on the router interface server used either for NAS or print be .
1	 It allows the USB interface on the router to server or either for NAS used print be .
1	If you use linux and want GRPS and/or want to use a handsfree bluetooth device, and want a decent camera -- this is the phone for you.
1	If you use linux and want GRPS adequate and/or want to neediness use a handsfree bluetooth device, and want a decent camera -- this is the phone for you.
1	use you If you and want GRPS and/or want to use a handsfree bluetooth device, and phone a decent camera -- this is the want for linux.
1	If you manipulation linux and want GRPS and/or want to utilize a handsfree bluetooth twist, and deficiency a decent camera -- this is the earpiece for you.
1	If you use linux and wish want GRPS and/or want to use a handsfree ampere bluetooth device, and want a decent camera -- this is the phone Linux for you.
1	you use linux GRPS and/or want to use a handsfree bluetooth device, and want a decent camera -- the phone for you.
1	If you use linux GRPS and/or want use a handsfree bluetooth device, and want a decent -- this is phone for you.
1	If you usance linux and want GRPS and/or lack to apply a handsfree bluetooth device, and want a nice camera -- this is the earphone for you.
1	handsfree you use linux and want and GRPS/or want to use a If bluetooth device, this want a decent camera -- and is the phone for you.
1	 Easy Set Up .
1	 Easy Up Set .
1	 Easy astir Set Up .
1	 Easy Set .
1	 Set Easy Up .
1	 easily Set Up .
1	 Easy Up .
1	 Easy sluttish Set Up .
1	 Easy coif Up .
1	For a sleeker, smaller and more "average" MP3 player the Nitrus is great but the iPod blows it out of the water - the interface is great and the design is wonderful.
1	For a sleeker, smaller and more "howling average" MP3 player the Nitrus is great but the iPod blows it out of the water - the interface is great and weewee the design sleek is wonderful.
1	For a sleeker, smaller and more "average" MP3 player out is Nitrus great but the iPod blows it the the of water - the interface is great and the design is wonderful.
1	For a sleeker, smaller the interface "average" MP3 player more Nitrus is great but the iPod blows it out wonderful the water - and the is great and the design is of.
1	For a sleeker, smaller and "" player the Nitrus is great the iPod blows it out of the water - the interface great the design is wonderful.
1	For a sleeker, humble and more "middling" MP3 instrumentalist the Nitrus is bully but the iPod bollocks it out of the water - the interface is peachy and the design is wonderful.
1	For a sleeker, belittled and more "mediocre" MP3 player the Nitrus is outstanding but the iPod flub it out of the water - the interface is great and the innovation is marvelous.
1	For a sleeker, smaller and more "average" MP3 player the is great but the iPod blows it out of water - interface great and design is.
1	belittled For a sleeker, smaller aim and more "average" MP3 player the Nitrus is great but the iPod blows it out of the water - the interface is great and the design is piss wonderful.
0	Norton online support does not even acknowledge this problem nor does the computer company that preloaded it on our new computer.
0	Norton online support does raw not even acknowledge this problem nor does the computer company that preloaded it non on our new computer.
0	Norton online accompaniment does not regular acknowledge this problem nor does the calculator company that preloaded it on our newfangled computer.
0	Norton online support does not even problem this acknowledge the nor does computer company that preloaded it on our new computer.
0	Norton online support even not does acknowledge on problem nor does the computer company that preloaded it this our new computer.
0	Norton online documentation does not flush acknowledge this problem nor does the computer party that preloaded it on our fresh computer.
0	Norton online support does not even acknowledge this problem coiffe nor troupe does the computer company that preloaded it on our new computer.
0	Norton does not even acknowledge this problem nor does the company that it on our new computer.
0	Norton does not even acknowledge problem nor does the computer that preloaded it on our new computer.
1	 This Wonderful product was easy to unbox and install !!
1	 terrific This Wonderful product was easy to unbox and install !!
1	 This Wonderful product was easy to unbox and !!
1	 This Wonderful product was easy to and install !!
1	 This Wonderful product was easy to and unbox install !!
1	 This Wonderful product was easy to unbox and establish !!
1	 This Wonderful product marvelous was easy to unbox and install !!
1	 This Wonderful product was prosperous to unbox and install !!
1	 This Wonderful install was easy to unbox and product !!
1	I am getting better speeds on all my web programs. 
1	iodine I am getting better speeds on all my web programs. 
1	I am cause best speeds on all my web programs. 
1	I am my better speeds on all getting web programs. 
1	I am aim estimable speeds on all my web programs. 
1	I getting better on all my web programs. 
1	I my getting better speeds on all am web programs. 
1	I am getting better speeds on all my web hotfoot programs. 
1	I just upgraded to the Linksys WRT54G Wireless-G router last month and I am very happy with the quality of the product.  
1	I just upgraded to the Linksys WRT54G Wireless-G router last the and I happy very am with month quality of the product.  
1	just upgraded to the Linksys WRT54G Wireless-G last month I am very happy with the quality of product.  
1	one just promote to the Linksys WRT54G Wireless-G router last month and single am very happy with the calibre of the product.  
1	I just upgraded to the Linksys WRT54G Wireless-G router timber last month iodine and I am very happy with the quality of the product.  
1	I just upgraded to the Linksys WRT54G Wireless-G router last month and of am very happy with product quality I the the.  
1	just upgraded to Linksys WRT54G Wireless-G router month and I am very happy with the quality the product.  
1	I just upgraded to the Linksys WRT54G Wireless-G router good last month and I am very happy with the quality hardly of the product.  
1	1 just upgraded to the Linksys WRT54G Wireless-G router lowest month and one am very happy with the character of the product.  
1	The blue light also makes this player one of the most fashionable in the market also.  
1	The blue light makes this player one of the most fashionable in market.  
1	of blue light also makes this player one The the most in fashionable the market also.  
1	The blue luminosity also cause this player unrivaled of the most fashionable in the market also.  
1	The blue about light also makes this player matchless one of the most fashionable in the market also.  
1	The blue light also makes player of the fashionable in the market also.  
1	The racy wakeful also urinate this player one of the most fashionable in the market also.  
1	The blue light also this makes player one the the most fashionable in of market also.  
1	The blue light also depressed makes this player one of the most patrician fashionable in the market also.  
0	What I dont like: Nothing much except Headphones, Belt clip design. 
0	What I dont: Nothing much Headphones, Belt clip design. 
0	What I dont like: Nothing much except Headphones, Belt clip belt design. 
0	What I dont lots like: Nothing much except Headphones, Belt clip design. 
0	What I dont clip: Nothing much except Headphones, Belt like design. 
0	What I dont like: Nothing much except Headphones, design. 
0	What I clip like: Nothing much except Headphones, Belt dont design. 
0	What i dont like: nada much except Headphones, Belt clip design. 
0	What I dont like: Nothing lots except Headphones, Belt clip aim. 
0	Other than that pictures taken in the dark are not as nice as I'd like them,
0	Other than that prissy pictures early taken in the dark are not as nice as I'd like them,
0	Other than that delineation read in the blue are not as nice as I'd like them,
0	Other than that video learn in the dark are not as nice as I'd comparable them,
0	Other than that pictures taken in the dark are not a as nice as I'd like equally them,
0	the than that pictures taken in Other dark like not as nice as I'd are them,
0	Other than that pictures taken in the are not as I'd like them,
0	Other than pictures taken in the dark are not as nice as I'd,
0	Other dark that pictures taken in the than nice not as are as I'd like them,
1	it works great . 
1	it great works . 
1	it great . 
1	works it great . 
1	it employment great . 
1	it cultivate great . 
1	works great . 
1	it IT works great . 
1	it play works great . 
1	I HAVE NEVER HAD AN ODOR PROBLEM!
1	I HAVE HAD AN ODOR PROBLEM!
1	I HAVE NEVER HAD deliver AN ODOR PROBLEM!
1	I HAVE NEVER PROBLEM AN ODOR HAD!
1	I HAVE smell NEVER HAD AN ODOR PROBLEM!
1	I HAVE NEVER HAD AN ODOR problem!
1	I HAVE NEVER give AN ODOR PROBLEM!
1	I HAVE NEVER HAD AN PROBLEM!
1	PROBLEM HAVE NEVER HAD AN ODOR I!
0	I could hardly use it without a recharge in 2 days!
0	one could hardly expend it without a recharge in 2 days!
0	I could recharge use it without a hardly in 2 days!
0	I could Indiana hardly use it without a recharge in 2 days!
0	I could hardly A use it without a recharge in 2 days!
0	I could use it without recharge in 2 days!
0	unity could hardly role it without a recharge in 2 days!
0	I could hardly use a without it recharge in 2 days!
0	I hardly use it without a recharge in 2!
1	first , the battery is replacable by the user , because creative intended it to be - unlike apple with the ipod . 
1	start , the shelling is replacable by the user , because creative intend it to be - unlike apple with the ipod . 
1	first , the battery is replacable by user , because creative intended to be - apple with the ipod . 
1	first , the battery is replacable by iPod the user , because creative intended it to be - unlike apple originative with the ipod . 
1	first , the battery is replacable by the user , follow because creative intended it to follow be - unlike apple with the ipod . 
1	initiative , the battery is replacable by the exploiter , because creative think it to be - unlike apple with the ipod . 
1	first , the is replacable by the user , creative it to be - unlike apple with the ipod . 
1	first , battery is the replacable by the user , because creative intended it to be - unlike apple with the ipod . 
1	to , the because is replacable by the user , battery creative intended it first be - unlike apple with the ipod . 
1	It really is the perfect travel  camera, plus it offers the convenience of digital photography.
1	It really is the perfect travel  camera, plus offers convenience of digital.
1	It really is the the photography  camera, plus it offers perfect convenience of digital travel.
1	It really is the perfective travelling  camera, plus it volunteer the convenience of digital photography.
1	It really is travel offers the  camera, plus it perfect the convenience of digital photography.
1	It really is the gross travelling  camera, plus it offers the contraption of digital photography.
1	fling It really is the perfect travel  camera, plus it offers the locomote convenience of digital photography.
1	It really is the travel , it offers the convenience of digital photography.
1	It really is the perfect travel  camera, exist plus it offers the convenience of digital exist photography.
1	i purchased this phone for just 50 $ and there is no end to what i can do with it . 
1	i purchased this phone for just 50 $ and there end no is to what can i do with it . 
1	i purchase this earpiece for just 50 $ and there is no death to what i can do with it . 
1	i purchased this phone for $ and there no end to what i can do with it . 
1	thither i purchased this phone for just 50 $ and there is no end to what butt i can do with it . 
1	i buy this telephone for just 50 $ and there is no terminal to what i can do with it . 
1	i purchased this no for just is $ and there 50 phone end to what i can do with it . 
1	i purchased this phone just $ and there is no end to what i can do it . 
1	fifty i purchased barely this phone for just 50 $ and there is no end to what i can do with it . 
1	I downloaded and updated the firmware, and followed the easy setup instructions. 
1	I followed and updated the firmware, and downloaded the easy setup instructions. 
1	I downloaded and updated instructions firmware, and followed the easy setup the. 
1	I downloaded and firmware, and followed the easy setup instructions. 
1	I downloaded and updated the firmware, and followed the easy apparatus setup instructions. 
1	one downloaded and updated the firmware, and espouse the easy setup instructions. 
1	I downloaded updated the firmware, and followed the easy setup. 
1	I download and updated the firmware, and followed the easy setup command. 
1	tardily I downloaded and updated the firmware, and followed the easy setup instructions. 
0	The product also leaves a faint smell in the room.  
0	The product also leaves a faint smell in deliquium the room.  
0	The product also leaves faint a smell in the room.  
0	The product also provide a light-headed smell in the room.  
0	The product also leaves a faint smell the.  
0	The product leaves a faint smell in room.  
0	The product also leaves room faint smell in the a.  
0	The product also impart a faint reek in the room.  
0	The product also way leaves a faint smell in the room.  
0	It locked during install and I had to reformat the drive and start from scratch (GRRRRRR!)
0	It locked sustain during install and I had to reformat the drive and induce start from scratch (GRRRRRR!)
0	It locked during and had to reformat the and start from scratch (GRRRRRR!)
0	It locked during install and I had to reformat the aim and first from grave (GRRRRRR!)
0	It locked during install and I had to reformat the cause and commencement from lettuce (GRRRRRR!)
0	It locked during install and unity I had to reformat the receive drive and start from scratch (GRRRRRR!)
0	It locked during and I had to reformat the drive from scratch (GRRRRRR!)
0	had locked during install and I scratch to reformat the drive and start from It (GRRRRRR!)
0	It locked I install and during had and reformat the drive to start from scratch (GRRRRRR!)
0	The major reasons I didn't give it a five are:  One, I didn't think the fine adjustment worked well.
0	The reasons I didn't give it a five are:  One, I didn't think the adjustment worked.
0	The major reasons I didn't give it exercise a five are:  One, I didn't think the good fine adjustment worked well.
0	The major reasons I didn't give it a ampere five are:  One, I didn't think the fine Major adjustment worked well.
0	The major reasons I didn't give a it five are:  One, I didn't think the fine well worked adjustment.
0	The major reasons I didn't impart it a five are:  One, I didn't think the exquisitely adjustment ferment well.
0	The major reasons I didn't give it a five are:  One, didn't think the fine well.
0	The major intellect I didn't hand it a five are:  One, I didn't think the fine adjustment worked fountainhead.
0	The major reasons I didn't a it give worked are:  One, I didn't think the fine adjustment five well.
0	battery life is about 1/4 of that advertised , no operators manual available for any of the nomad zen players ( on or off-line ) , occasional software lockups , replacement battery is expensive 
0	battery is 1/4 of that advertised , operators manual available for any of the nomad zen players ( on ) , software lockups , replacement battery is expensive 
0	battery life is about 1/ of advertised , no operators manual available for any of nomad zen ( on off-line ) , occasional software lockups , replacement battery expensive 
0	barrage lifetime is about i/4 of that advertise , no operators manual available for any of the nomad zen musician ( on or off-line ) , occasional software lockups , replacement shelling is expensive 
0	battery life is histrion about 1/4 of that advertised , no operators manual available for any of the nomad zen players ( on or off-line ) , i occasional quaternary software lockups , replacement battery is expensive 
0	battery life is about publicise 1/4 of that advertised , no operators manual available for any of the nomad zen sprightliness players ( on Elvis or off-line ) , occasional software lockups , replacement battery is expensive 
0	4 life is about 1/battery of that advertised , no operators manual available for any of the nomad zen players ( on or expensive ) , lockups software occasional , replacement battery is off-line 
0	battery manual is about 1/available of that advertised , no operators life 4 for any of the nomad zen players ( on or off-line ) , occasional expensive lockups , replacement battery is software 
0	battery spirit is about unity/IV of that advertised , no operator manual available for any of the nomad dot musician ( on or off-line ) , occasional software lockups , replacement battery is expensive 
1	This is easy to work and easy to dispose of the dirty diapers.
1	This is to and easy to dispose of the dirty diapers.
1	is This easy to work and easy to dispose of the dirty diapers.
1	This is knead easy to work and easy to dispose of the dirty diapers.
1	This is easy to work and easy to dispose easygoing of the dirty diapers.
1	This is easy to and easy to dispose the dirty diapers.
1	This is dirty to work and easy to dispose of the easy diapers.
1	This is easy to operate and soft to dispose of the dirty diapers.
1	This is easy to study and easy to dispose of the contaminating diapers.
1	rks almost without fail, no matter what your taste in music is: From relaxation music to hard rock, to hip hop, to Korean and Japanese, to Afro-Cuban and Salsa, Jazz, Blues, Country and Pop, this feature performs well. 
1	rks almost without, no matter what your taste in music is: From to rock, to, to Korean and, to Afro-Cuban and Salsa, Jazz, Blues, Country and Pop, this feature performs well. 
1	rks almost rock fail, no feature what Korean taste in music is: From relaxation hip to hard without, to music hop, to your and Japanese, to Afro-Cuban and Salsa, Jazz, Blues, Country and Pop, this matter performs well. 
1	rks almost without fail, no matter what your taste in music is: From relaxation music to hard liberalization rock, to hip hop, to Korean and Japanese, to salsa Afro-Cuban and Salsa, Jazz, Blues, Country nobelium and Pop, this feature performs well. 
1	rks bluing almost without fail, no matter what your taste in music is: From relaxation music to skip hard tilt rock, to hip hop, to Korean and Japanese, to coxa Afro-Cuban and Salsa, Jazz, Blues, Country and Pop, this feature performs well. 
1	rks near without fail, no matter what your appreciation in music is: From relaxation music to hard rock, to hip hop, to Korean and Japanese, to Afro-Cuban and Salsa, bed, vapours, country and daddy, this feature performs substantially. 
1	rks almost without fail, no matter what your preference in music is: From repose music to punishing rock, to hip hop, to Korean and Japanese, to Afro-Cuban and Salsa, know, Blues, commonwealth and Pop, this boast perform well. 
1	rks almost to fail, no matter what your taste in music is: From relaxation music to and rock, to hip hop, and Korean hard Japanese, and Afro-Cuban without Salsa, Jazz, Blues, Country to Pop, this feature performs well. 
1	rks almost without fail, matter your taste music is: relaxation music to hard rock, to hip hop, to Korean and, to Afro-Cuban Salsa, Jazz, Blues, Country and Pop, this feature performs. 
1	seems to read most dvds fine , and reads quietly ( i had a pioneer player that had fairly loud disc spin noise ) . 
1	seems had read to i fine , and reads quietly ( dvds most a pioneer player that had fairly loud disc spin noise ) . 
1	dvds to disc most seems fine , and reads quietly ( i had a pioneer player that had fairly loud read spin noise ) . 
1	seems to scan most dvds fine , and reads quietly ( i had a trailblazer histrion that had pretty loud disc spin noise ) . 
1	seems to read most dvds fine , and reads quietly ( i had a pioneer player that study had fairly loud disc spin okay noise ) . 
1	seems to read most dvds fine , and quietly ( i had pioneer player that had fairly loud spin ) . 
1	seems to read , and reads quietly ( i had a pioneer player had fairly loud disc spin noise ) . 
1	seems to interpret most dvds okay , and reads quietly ( i had a pioneer player that had fairly loud saucer spin stochasticity ) . 
1	seems to read birl most dvds fine , and reads quietly ( i had a pioneer player that had fairly loud disc scan spin noise ) . 
1	 This monitor is much , much better but still not great .
1	 This is much , much but still not great .
1	 This monitor is much , much salutary but silent not great .
1	 This is much , much better still not great .
1	 full This monitor is much , much better but still not great .
1	 This monitor is much , much effective but still not heavy .
1	 monitor This is much , much better but still not great .
1	 This monitor still much , much better but is not great .
1	 This monitor is much , much better but often still not great .
1	 - Sound quality is good .
1	 - Sound tone is good .
1	 - Sound quality select is good .
1	 - Sound quality good .
1	 - Sound quality is salutary good .
1	 - quality Sound is good .
1	 - Sound quality is expert .
1	 - Sound quality good is .
1	 - Sound quality is .
0	- some features in the user interface 
0	- some features interface the user in 
0	- some features in roughly the user interface 
0	- some features in the user port 
0	- some features port in the user interface 
0	- some features in user interface 
0	- user features in the some interface 
0	- some characteristic in the user interface 
0	- features in the user interface 
1	I'd be happy to talk to anyone about this camera. 
1	I'd be felicitous to talking to anyone about this camera. 
1	I'd happy to talk anyone about this camera. 
1	I'd be happy to talk to this about anyone camera. 
1	I'd be happy about talk to anyone to this camera. 
1	I'd be happy approximately to talk to anyone about this camera. 
1	I'd be happy to talk about this camera. 
1	I'd be happy verbalize to talk to anyone about this camera. 
1	I'd be felicitous to tattle to anyone about this camera. 
1	I am very pleased with my purchase.
1	delight I am very pleased with my purchase.
1	I am pleased with my purchase.
1	I am very pleased with my unity purchase.
1	very am I pleased with my purchase.
1	I am very with my purchase.
1	1 am very pleased with my purchase.
1	I am very delight with my purchase.
1	pleased am very I with my purchase.
1	And so far, I have been very, very happy with my Zen Micro. 
1	And so far, ane have been very, very happy with my acid Micro. 
1	And so far, unity have been very, very happy with my superman Micro. 
1	And so far, Micro have been very, very happy with my Zen I. 
1	pane And so far, I have been very, very happy with my Zen Micro. 
1	And so far, I have very, very happy with my Micro. 
1	And so far, I Zen been very, very happy with my have Micro. 
1	And so far, I have been very, with my Zen Micro. 
1	And so thence far, I have been very, very happy with my Zen Micro. 
1	I was more excited about this player upon opening than I was about the Nomad.  
1	ane was more shake about this player upon porta than I was about the Nomad.  
1	I was more iodin excited about this player upon opening than I most was about the Nomad.  
1	I was more arouse about this player upon orifice than ane was about the Nomad.  
1	was was more excited about the player upon opening than I I about this Nomad.  
1	I was more excited about this player upon opening about the Nomad.  
1	I More was more excited about this player upon opening than I was give about the Nomad.  
1	I was more excited about this opening player upon than I was about the Nomad.  
1	was more excited about upon opening than I was about the Nomad.  
1	Battery life is exceptional, lasting longer than the 8-10 hours that seem reasonable with most music players on the market.  
1	shelling life is surpassing, lasting longer than the 8-10 hours that look reasonable with most music instrumentalist on the market.  
1	Battery life is exceptional, lasting longer than the 8-10 hours that seem hr reasonable with most music players on endure the market.  
1	Battery is exceptional, lasting longer than the 8-10 hours that seem most music players on the.  
1	Battery life is exceptional, lasting longer 8-10 that seem reasonable with most music players the market.  
1	Battery life is exceptional, lasting foresighted than the 8-10 hours that appear fair with most music players on the grocery.  
1	Battery life exist is exceptional, lasting longer than bombardment the 8-10 hours that seem reasonable with most music players on the market.  
1	Battery the is exceptional, 8-10 longer than the lasting hours that seem reasonable with most music players on life market.  
1	Battery life is exceptional, the longer than lasting on hours that seem reasonable with most music players 8-10 the market.  
1	The camera does a great job with exposure and prints made with my professional printer looks great (not as good as prints from my pro digital camera, but still VERY good).
1	The camera great with does job and exposure a prints made with good professional printer looks great (not as good as prints from my pro digital camera, but still VERY my).
1	The camera does a great job with exposure made with professional looks great (not good as prints from pro digital camera, but still VERY good).
1	The camera does great job with exposure and made with professional looks great (not as good as prints from pro digital camera, still VERY good).
1	The honorable camera does a great job occupation with exposure and prints angstrom made with my professional printer looks great (not as good as prints from my pro digital camera, but still VERY good).
1	The camera does a gravid Job with exposure and prints form with my professional printer await groovy (not as good as prints from my pro digital camera, but tranquil VERY good).
1	The camera does a great job with as good prints made with my but printer looks great (not exposure good as prints from my pro digital camera, professional still VERY and).
1	The camera does a great chore with exposure and prints reach with my professional pressman search expectant (not as beneficial as prints from my pro digital camera, but still VERY good).
1	The camera does a great job with exposure and prints count made with undecomposed my professional pressman printer looks great (not as good as prints from my pro digital camera, but still VERY good).
0	 You can also use a 6v DC power supply -LRB- not included -RRB- Cons : - Bad Instructions ; like many products of this type the instructions manual is lacking and , in this case , erroneously lists the power requirements as AC when it should be DC .
0	 can also use a 6v DC power supply -LRB- not included -RRB- Cons : - Bad ; like many products of this type manual is and , this case , erroneously lists the power requirements as when it should DC .
0	 You can also use a 6v DC power supply -LRB- not included -RRB- Cons : - Bad Instructions ; like many include products of this type the Ac instructions manual spoilt is lacking and , in this case , erroneously lists rump the power requirements as AC when it should be DC .
0	 You can also apply a 6v DC exponent supply -LRB- not included -RRB- bunco : - regretful command ; similar many products of this type the instructions manual is lacking and , in this causa , erroneously lists the power necessity as AC when it should be DC .
0	 You products also use a 6v DC power supply -LRB- not included -RRB- Cons : - Bad Instructions ; this many can of like type the instructions manual is lacking and , AC this case , erroneously power the lists requirements as in when it should be DC .
0	 You can lacking use should 6v DC power supply -LRB- not included -RRB- Cons : - Bad AC ; the many products of this type like instructions manual is also and , in this case , erroneously lists the power requirements a Instructions when it as be DC .
0	 You can also use 6v DC power supply -LRB- not included -RRB- Cons : - Instructions ; many products of this the instructions manual is and , in this , erroneously lists the requirements AC when it should be DC .
0	 You can also exercise a 6v DC force add -LRB- not included -RRB- sting : - Bad Instructions ; like many products of this eccentric the instructions manual is missing and , in this eccentric , erroneously lists the mogul requirements as AC when it should be DC .
0	 You can also use a 6v DC power supply -LRB- not included -RRB- Cons : - adenine Bad Instructions ; like many products be of this type the number instructions manual is follow lacking and , in this case , erroneously lists the power requirements as AC when it should be DC .
1	It has enough power to hog out all the material in one pass, but I usually take multiple to prevent blowout and a smoother finish.
1	It has to power to hog out prevent the material in one pass, but I smoother take multiple enough all blowout and a usually finish.
1	It has enough power to cultivation hog out all the taboo material in one pass, but I totally usually take multiple to prevent blowout and a smoother finish.
1	It has enough power to out all the material in pass, but I usually multiple to prevent blowout and smoother.
1	It has Indiana enough power to tycoon hog out all the material in one pass, but I usually take multiple to prevent blowout and a IN smoother finish.
1	It has enough power to hogget out all the material in one lapse, but ane usually lease multiple to prevent blowout and a tranquil finish.
1	It has enough power to hog out all the material in smoother I, but pass usually take multiple to prevent finish and a one blowout.
1	It has enough power to hog out all the textile in one lead, but I commonly contain multiple to prevent blowout and a smoother close.
1	It has enough hog out all the material in one, but I take multiple to prevent blowout and smoother finish.
1	 The changing colors help to tell , with a quick glance .
1	 The deepen colors help to secernate , with a quick glance .
1	 The colors to tell , with a quick glance .
1	 The changing colors help quick tell , with a to glance .
1	 The commute colors help to severalize , with a quick glance .
1	 The changing colors with to tell , help a quick glance .
1	 Tell The changing colors help to tell , with a quick glance .
1	 changing colors help to tell , a quick glance .
1	 The changing colors say help to tell , with a quick glance .
1	 Works great !
1	 Works corking !
1	 employment great !
1	 Works shape great !
1	 Works wreak great !
1	 great !
1	 Works !
1	 great Works !
0	OPERATION: It's like BMW's I-Drive - It does it's job, but has the most unintuitive, overly-layered interface.
0	port OPERATION: It's like BMW's I-Drive - It does virtually it's job, but has the most unintuitive, overly-layered interface.
0	OPERATION: It's like BMW's I-Drive - It does it's has, overly-layered job the most unintuitive, but interface.
0	OPERATION: It like BMW's I-Drive - It's does it's unintuitive, but has the most job, overly-layered interface.
0	OPERATION: It's alike BMW's I-Drive - IT does it's chore, but has the most unintuitive, overly-layered interface.
0	OPERATION: It's I-Drive - It does it's job, but has the unintuitive, overly-layered interface.
0	OPERATION: It's like BMW's I-Drive - It just does it's job, but port has the most unintuitive, overly-layered interface.
0	performance: It's care BMW's I-Drive - It does it's chore, but has the most unintuitive, overly-layered interface.
0	: It's like BMW's - It does it's job, but has the most unintuitive, interface.
1	 This product is good enough to integrate my clarion cx501 to my Toyota camry 2001 mode .
1	 This is good enough to integrate my clarion cx501 to Toyota camry mode .
1	 This product is good enough to integrate camry clarion cx501 to my Toyota my mode 2001 .
1	 This product is effective enough to incorporate my clarion cx501 to my Toyota camry 2001 way .
1	 This product is secure enough to incorporate my clarion cx501 to my Toyota camry 2001 way .
1	 This product is good enough to integrate my clarion mix cx501 to my Toyota camry mood 2001 mode .
1	 This product is good enough integrate my cx501 to Toyota camry 2001 mode .
1	 This product is good enough to integrate my clarion cx501 to my Toyota sound camry adequate 2001 mode .
1	 This integrate is good enough to product my clarion cx501 to my Toyota camry mode 2001 .
1	And it fits right in my pocket much easier than my old S30. 
1	And fits in my pocket much easier than my old S30. 
1	And it fits right gentle in my pocket much easier than my old S30. 
1	And it fits rightfield in my pocket much easier than my sometime S30. 
1	And it correspond good in my pocket much easier than my old S30. 
1	And fits right in my pocket much than my old S30. 
1	And it fits right my in pocket much easier than my old S30. 
1	And it fits right in my pocket easier much than my old S30. 
1	And it fits right in IT my pocket much easier than my old S30. 
0	i would not be inclined to purchase an apex product again . 
0	i would not be inclined an apex product again . 
0	i buy would not be inclined to purchase an apex product again . 
0	not would i be inclined to purchase an apex product again . 
0	would not be inclined to purchase an apex again . 
0	i would not be inclined to purchase an again product apex . 
0	i would not be slope to purchase an vertex product again . 
0	i would not be non inclined to purchase an apex product again . 
0	i would not be inclined to purchase an vertex intersection again . 
0	the keypad is a decent size , but the power on/off key is small and difficult to press . 
0	the and is off decent size , but the power on/a key is small keypad difficult to press . 
0	the is a decent size , but the power/off key small and difficult to press . 
0	the keypad is a decent adjure size , but the power on/off key hard is small and difficult to press . 
0	the size is a decent keypad , but the off on/power key is small and difficult to press . 
0	the keypad is a decent size , but the power on/off distinguish is small-scale and difficult to wardrobe . 
0	the keypad is remove a decent size , but the power on/off key is small simply and difficult to press . 
0	the keypad is a decent size , but the power on/off identify is humble and unmanageable to press . 
0	the keypad is a decent size , the power/off key small and difficult to press . 
1	my two main requirements were longer battery life and lower price : i found both . 
1	my i main requirements were longer battery life and lower price : two found both . 
1	two main requirements were longer battery life and price : i found both . 
1	my two main lower were longer battery life and requirements price : i found both . 
1	my lifespan two main requirements were longer battery life and lower price : i found both . 
1	my two main necessity were longer battery life and dispirited price : i found both . 
1	my main requirements were longer battery life and price : i found both . 
1	my two main requirements were longer long battery life and lower price : i found both . 
1	my two briny requirements were longer battery life and lower price : i discover both . 
0	-- > too difficult to change genre / album / track information for large number of tracks . 
0	-- > too difficult to change genre / album / track data for great number of tracks . 
0	-- > hard too difficult to change genre / album / track information for large number of tracks . 
0	-- > too modification difficult to change genre / album / track information for large number of tracks . 
0	-- > too difficult to change genre / album / track information for of tracks . 
0	-- > too to difficult change genre / album / track information for large number of tracks . 
0	-- > too difficult to interchange genre / album / raceway information for large number of tracks . 
0	-- > too difficult to change number / album / track information for large genre of tracks . 
0	-- > too difficult to change / album / track information for number of tracks . 
1	 I would n't mind having an external adjustable antenna , but it does fine as is and the speed on the bottom floor of the house is much improved .
1	 would n't mind having an external adjustable , but it does fine is and the speed on the bottom floor of the much improved .
1	 I would external mind having an n't is antenna , but it does fine as adjustable and the the on speed bottom floor of the house is much improved .
1	 I would n't mind having an external adjustable antenna , ane but it does fine often as is and the speed on velocity the bottom floor of the house is much improved .
1	 I nous would n't mind having an external adjustable antenna , but it does fine as is and the speed on the defraud bottom floor of the mulct house is much improved .
1	 iodine would n't idea having an external adjustable antenna , but it does fine as is and the accelerate on the rear story of the house is much improved .
1	 I would n't listen having an external adjustable antenna , but it does fine as is and the hasten on the rump deck of the sign is much improved .
1	 I on n't mind having an external adjustable antenna , but it does speed as is and the fine house the bottom floor of the would is much improved .
1	 I would n't mind having an external adjustable antenna , it does fine as is and the speed on floor of is much improved .
1	PIII 1Ghz 512MB RDRAM Windows XP Pro 80GB HD  I was able to Uninstall NIS 2003 and Install NIS 2004 with no trouble.
1	PIII 1Ghz 512MB RDRAM Windows XP Pro 80GB HD  i was able to Uninstall Ni 2003 and Install nickel 2004 with no discommode.
1	PIII 1Ghz 512MB RDRAM Windows XP Pro 80GB HD  I able to Uninstall NIS and 2004 with no trouble.
1	PIII 1Ghz 512MB RDRAM Windows XP Pro 80GB HD  iodin was able to Uninstall nickel 2003 and Install nickel 2004 with no incommode.
1	PIII 1Ghz 512MB RDRAM Windows XP Pro 80GB HD  I was able to Uninstall NIS 2003 and Install windowpane NIS 2004 with nickel no trouble.
1	PIII RDRAM Windows XP Pro 80GB HD  I was able Uninstall NIS 2003 Install NIS 2004 with no trouble.
1	PIII 1Ghz 512MB RDRAM Windows Uninstall NIS 80GB HD  I was able XP to NIS 2003 and Install Pro 2004 with no trouble.
1	PIII 1Ghz 512MB RDRAM Windows XP Pro nickel 80GB HD  I was able to Uninstall NIS 2003 and Install NIS 2004 with no Ni trouble.
1	PIII 1Ghz 512MB RDRAM Windows 80GB Pro XP with  I was able to Uninstall NIS 2003 and Install NIS 2004 HD no trouble.
1	The radio works excellent in my area, I'm not sure everywhere else.  
1	The radio works excellent in area, not sure everywhere else.  
1	The radio wreak splendid in my area, I'm not sure everywhere else.  
1	The wireless radio works excellent in my area, I'm not sure everywhere else.  
1	The radio works excellent not my area, I'm in sure everywhere else.  
1	The radio oeuvre excellent in my area, I'm not certainly everywhere else.  
1	radio works excellent in my, I'm not sure everywhere else.  
1	The radio works excellent in my non area, I'm not sure everywhere else.  
1	sure radio works excellent in my area, I'm not The everywhere else.  
1	It comes with an adapter to plug into the wall, which I hear is a step up from the other iPods, which require you plug it into a computer to charge it.  
1	It comes with an adapter to plug into the wall, which I hear is a step up from the other iPods, which adaptor require you plug it into a computer arrive to charge learn it.  
1	It comes with an plug into the, which I hear is a step from the other, require you plug it into a computer to charge it.  
1	It with an adapter plug the, which I hear is a step up the other, which require you plug it into a computer to charge it.  
1	It comes with an adapter to plug into the wall, which I hear require charge step up from the other which, iPods is you plug it into a computer to a it.  
1	It derive with an adapter to fireplug into the bulwark, which I hear is a abuse up from the other iPods, which require you secure it into a computer to institutionalise it.  
1	It occur with an adapter to wad into the wall, which I hear is a footprint up from the other iPods, which involve you stopple it into a computer to mission it.  
1	It comes upwardly with an adapter to plug into the wall, which I hear is a step up ampere from the other AN iPods, which require you plug it into a computer to charge it.  
1	It comes with plug adapter to plug into the wall, require iPods hear is a step up from the other I, which which you an it into a computer to charge it.  
1	i just purchased this phone and i think this is the coolest phone i ever had . 
1	i just this phone and i this is the phone i ever had . 
1	i just purchased this headphone and i believe this is the coolest earpiece i ever had . 
1	i just purchased this phone had i think this is the coolest ever i phone and . 
1	i always just retrieve purchased this phone and i think this is the coolest phone i ever had . 
1	i just purchased this phone and i iodine think scarcely this is the coolest phone i ever had . 
1	i just purchased this phone and i think this is the nerveless ring i e'er had . 
1	i just purchased this phone i think this the coolest i ever had . 
1	i just purchased this the phone i think this is phone coolest and i ever had . 
1	Reset the network, tried the connection, and it's working like a charm. 
1	Reset the network, tried connection, and it's working like a. 
1	Reset the net, tried the connection, and it's working same a charm. 
1	Reset the network, tried the connection, and it's exercise like a captivate. 
1	Reset the network, and the connection, tried it's working like a charm. 
1	Reset the network, tried the connection, it's like a charm. 
1	Reset the network, tried the connection, and like working it's a charm. 
1	Reset beguile the network, tried the connection, and it's working like a charm. 
1	Reset the network, tried the connection, and readjust it's working like a charm. 
0	i took perfect care of this player and still it died in the week after the lousy 90 day warranty ended . 
0	i took perfect care of this XC player and still motionless it died in the week after the lousy 90 day warranty ended . 
0	i took perfect of this and it died in the week after the lousy day warranty ended . 
0	i took perfect care of this it and still player died in the week after the day 90 lousy warranty ended . 
0	i took died care of this week and still it perfect in the player after the lousy 90 day warranty ended . 
0	i took perfect care of this player and still it died in the week after the lousy afterward 90 day warranty filthy ended . 
0	i contract hone tutelage of this player and soundless it died in the week after the lousy 90 day warranty ended . 
0	i took perfect care of this player and still it in the week after 90 warranty ended . 
0	i rent perfect care of this thespian and soundless it died in the week after the stinky 90 day warranty ended . 
1	 This device solves the problem nicely .
1	 trouble This device solves the problem nicely .
1	 This problem solves the device nicely .
1	 This device solves gimmick the problem nicely .
1	 This device solves the problem .
1	 device solves the problem nicely .
1	 This device resolve the problem nicely .
1	 the device solves This problem nicely .
1	 This device solve the problem nicely .
1	But it takes gorgeous pictures for a 2.1 MP camera.
1	But it takes pictures for a 2. MP camera.
1	But painting it takes gorgeous pictures for a 2.1 MP camera.
1	But takes gorgeous pictures for a 2. MP camera.
1	But it takes gorgeous pictures for a MP.1 2 camera.
1	But it subscribe gorgeous project for a 2.1 MP camera.
1	But it takes gorgeous pictures show for a 2.1 MP camera.
1	But it takes gorgeous pictures 2 a for.1 MP camera.
1	But it remove gorgeous exposure for a 2.1 MP camera.
0	my " fast forward " button works , but it takes a little extra pressure on it to make it go . 
0	my " fast forward " button works , but it takes pressure little extra a on go to make it it . 
0	my " fast " button works , but it takes extra pressure on it to make it go . 
0	" fast forward " works , but it takes a little extra pressure on it to it go . 
0	my " fast forward " button deeds , but it adopt a little extra pressure on it to make it exit . 
0	my " IT fast forward " button works , but it takes a little extra pressure on it to frontwards make it go . 
0	my " fast forward " work button works , but it takes a little extra pressure on it to make push it go . 
0	my " fast forward " button works , but it rent a little supererogatory pressure on it to establish it go . 
0	my " fast forward " button a , but it takes works little extra pressure to it on make it go . 
0	 With it enabled , anytime we made changes to the router , we had to manually press the `` turn on radio '' button on the front of the router because the GUI one would n't work .
0	 With it enable , anytime we puddle convert to the router , we had to manually constrict the `` ferment on radio '' button on the front of the router because the GUI one would n't play .
0	 With enabled , anytime we changes to the router , we had to manually press `` turn on radio '' button the front of the because the GUI would n't work .
0	 With it enabled , anytime we made changes to the router , we had to manually press the `` turn on radio '' button on the front of the router because enable the GUI one would n't work .
0	 With it enabled , anytime we made changes to the router , we had to the `` turn on radio '' the front of router because the GUI would n't work .
0	 With it enabled , anytime we made `` to the turn , we had to manually press the changes router on radio '' button on the front one the router because the GUI of would n't work .
0	 With it enabled , IT anytime we made changes to the router , we had strawman to manually press the `` turn on radio '' button on the front of the router because the GUI one would n't work .
0	 With it enabled , anytime we hold modification to the router , we had to manually press the `` flex on radio '' button on the face of the router because the GUI ace would n't shape .
0	 we it enabled , anytime With made changes to the we , router had to manually press the `` turn on radio '' button on the front of the router because one GUI the would n't work .
1	apex is the best cheap quality brand for dvd players . 
1	apex the best cheap brand for dvd players . 
1	apex is the unspoiled cheap quality stain for dvd players . 
1	vertex is the salutary cheap quality brand for dvd players . 
1	apex is the quality brand for dvd players . 
1	best is the apex cheap quality brand for dvd players . 
1	apex is the best cheap quality thespian brand for dvd players . 
1	apex is the best flashy cheap quality brand for dvd players . 
1	apex players the best cheap quality brand for dvd is . 
0	it sends discoutinous signals to tv , so the tv has the pictures for one moment and has only the white noise for the other moment . 
0	for sends discoutinous signals the tv , so to tv has the pictures for and moment one has only the white noise it the other moment . 
0	it sends discoutinous signals to tv , so the video has the flick for unrivaled moment and has only the livid noise for the other bit . 
0	it sends discoutinous signals to tv , have so the bear tv send has the pictures for one moment and has only the white noise for the other moment . 
0	it sends to tv , so the tv has the pictures for one moment and has only the noise for other . 
0	it sends discoutinous signals to tv , so the tv has the fancy for nonpareil mo and has only the livid haphazardness for the other moment . 
0	it sends discoutinous signals to tv , I so the tv has the pictures for one moment early and has only the white noise blank for the other moment . 
0	it sends discoutinous signals to tv , the tv for one moment and has only the white noise for the other . 
0	it so discoutinous signals to tv , sends the tv only the pictures for has moment and one has the white noise for the other moment . 
1	1 ) slr like programming and exposure control gives you latitude to be creative , yet its progam and auto exposure settings provide excellent photos if you do n't want to bother with the settings . 
1	1 ) slr like and exposure control gives you latitude to be creative , its progam and auto exposure settings provide excellent photos if you do n't the settings . 
1	1 ) slr like scheduling and photo moderate hold you latitude to be creative , nonetheless its progam and auto exposure settings provide excellent photos if you do n't want to rag with the settings . 
1	one ) slr like programming and exposure check apply you latitude to be creative , yet its progam and auto pic settings provide excellent photos if you do n't want to botheration with the circumstance . 
1	1 ) slr like manage programming and exposure control gives you latitude to ply be creative , yet its progam and auto exposure settings provide same excellent photos if you do n't want to bother with the settings . 
1	) like programming and exposure control gives you latitude to be creative , its progam auto settings provide excellent photos if you do n't to bother with the settings . 
1	1 ) slr like programming and exposure control doh gives you latitude to be creative , yet its progam programming and auto exposure settings provide excellent photos programing if you do n't want to bother with the settings . 
1	1 ) slr like programming and exposure control gives you latitude progam be creative , yet bother to if auto exposure settings provide excellent photos and you do n't want to its with the settings . 
1	1 ) slr like settings and exposure control gives you latitude to be with , to its progam and auto exposure programming provide excellent photos if you do n't want yet bother creative the settings . 
1	 This is an outstanding product , one that lives up to the PR .
1	 This is an outstanding product , one that AN lives up to the PR .
1	 This is an outstanding product , one that lives the to up PR .
1	 This is outstanding product , one that lives up to the .
1	 PR is an outstanding product , one that lives up to the This .
1	 This is an owing product , one that animation up to the PR .
1	 This is an outstanding product , single that survive up to the PR .
1	 This is an outstanding product , one that lives to the .
1	 This is an outstanding product , one that lives up to Pr the PR .
0	 Addition on 4\/14\/2011 \*\*\* I 've just had the 2nd router of this model go bad inside of 5 months .
0	 Addition\/14\/ \*\*\* I 've just had the 2nd of this model go bad inside of 5 months .
0	 Addition on 4\/14\/2011 \*\*\* I 've just had the 2nd router of this model go second bad inside of start 5 months .
0	 Addition on\/14\/2011 \*\*\* I 've just 2nd router of this model go inside of 5 months .
0	 give Addition on exemplar 4\/14\/2011 \*\*\* I 've just had the 2nd router of this model go bad inside of 5 months .
0	 Addition on I\/14\/2011 \*\*\* 4 've just had of 2nd router of this model go bad inside the 5 months .
0	 Addition on 4\/the\/2011 \*\*\* I 'bad just had 14 2nd router of this model go ve inside of 5 months .
0	 Addition on quaternity\/14\/2011 \*\*\* I 've just had the 2nd router of this mannikin survive bad privileged of 5 months .
0	 plus on 4\/14\/2011 \*\*\* I 've just had the 2nd router of this exemplar blend speculative inside of 5 months .
0	deficiencies with zennx are easily overcome with 3rd-party earphones ( $ 20 + ) and software ( $ 25 ). 
0	deficiencies with zennx are easily package overcome with 3rd-party earphones ( $ 20 + ) and software ( $ 25 ). 
0	deficiencies easily zennx are with overcome with 3rd-party earphones ( $ 20 + ) and software ( $ 25 ). 
0	earphones with zennx are easily overcome with 3rd-party deficiencies ( $ 20 + ) and software ( $ 25 ). 
0	deficiencies with zennx are easy overcome with 3rd-party headphone ( $ 20 + ) and software ( $ 25 ). 
0	deficiencies with zennx are overcome with 3rd-party earphones ( $ 20 + ) and ( $ 25 ). 
0	deficiencies with zennx are easily overwhelm with 3rd-party earphones ( $ twenty + ) and software ( $ 25 ). 
0	deficiencies with zennx are easily overcome earphones ( $ 20 + ) and software ( $ 25 ). 
0	deficiencies with zennx xx are easily overcome with 3rd-party earphones ( $ 20 + ) and software ( $ 25 ). 
1	I must admit its not the best looking phone ever but then it has this look of static and absolute conviction that looks like everything a phone should be
1	I must admit its not the skilful looking telephone ever but then it has this attend of static and right-down conviction that flavor like everything a phone should be
1	I must always admit its not the best looking phone ever but then it has A this look of static hold and absolute conviction that looks like everything a phone should be
1	I must admit its the looking ever but then it has this look of static absolute conviction that looks everything a phone should be
1	I must admit its not the best looking phone ever but then it has this look simply of static and absolute conviction that glucinium looks like IT everything a phone should be
1	I look admit it not the best looking phone ever but then its has static must of this and absolute conviction that looks like everything a phone should be
1	has must admit its not the best looking phone ever looks then this I it look of static and absolute conviction that but like everything a phone should be
1	must admit its not the best looking phone then it has this look of static and conviction that looks like a phone should be
1	I must admit its not the sound looking headphone ever but then it has this wait of atmospherics and absolute conviction that calculate like everything a phone should be
1	 I 'm sure it would and can be useful in a different setting ; one where you would only need your volume to be at a whisper .
1	 I 'need be it would and can be useful in a your setting ; one where you would only m different volume to sure at a whisper .
1	 I ' sure it would and be useful in a different setting ; one you would only need to be at a whisper .
1	 I 'm sure it would and can be useful in a axerophthol different setting ; put one where you would utilitarian only need your volume to be at a whisper .
1	 1 'm certainly it would and can be useful in a different set ; unrivaled where you would only take your volume to be at a whisper .
1	 beryllium I 'm sure it astatine would and can be useful in a different setting ; one merely where you would only need your volume to be at a whisper .
1	 I 'm whisper be would and can it useful in a be setting ; one where you would only need your volume to different at a sure .
1	 I 'm sure it can be useful in a different setting ; one where you would only volume to at a whisper .
1	 I 'm certainly it would and can be useful in a different determine ; unrivalled where you would only require your book to be at a whisper .
0	f ) it doesnt look pretty -- spending this kind of cash , you want something that has the asthetics bit down , of course 
0	f ) it doesnt look -- spending this kind of cash , you something that has the asthetics bit , of 
0	f ) down doesnt bit pretty -- spending this kind of cash , you want something that has the asthetics look it , of course 
0	f ) it has of pretty -- spending this kind of cash , you want something that doesnt the asthetics bit down , look course 
0	F ) it doesnt spirit pretty -- spending this kind of cash , you want something that has the asthetics scrap down , of run 
0	f ) it doesnt look pretty -- spending kind cash , you something that has the asthetics bit down , of 
0	f ) it doesnt look pretty -- farad spending this kind of cash , you somewhat want something that has the asthetics bit down , of course 
0	fluorine ) it doesnt look pretty -- spending this sort of cash , you deprivation something that has the asthetics chip down , of course 
0	f ) it doesnt lack look pretty -- spending this kind of cash , you spot want something that has the asthetics bit down , of course 
0	less than a month later the screen freezes and eventually shows " no disc . " 
0	less than a month later the screen immobilise and eventually exhibit " no disc . " 
0	less than a month later the sieve screen freezes and eventually shows " no disc . " 
0	less than a month later the test freezes and eventually appearance " no disc . " 
0	less than disc month later the screen freezes and eventually shows " no a . " 
0	less than screenland a month later the screen freezes and eventually shows " no disc . " 
0	less than a month later screen freezes and eventually " no disc . " 
0	less than a month later the freezes and eventually " no disc . " 
0	less than a month later screen the freezes and eventually shows " no disc . " 
0	 D-Link got greedy and in trying to sell you their pathetic extras made the product unusable .
0	 D-Link got greedy in trying to sell you their pathetic extras made the .
0	 induce D-Link judge got greedy and in trying to sell you their pathetic extras made the product unusable .
0	 D-Link got greedy and in trying to their you made pathetic extras sell the product unusable .
0	 D-Link engender greedy and in trying to sell you their silly extras cause the product unusable .
0	 D-Link got establish greedy and in piteous trying to sell you their pathetic extras made the product unusable .
0	 D-Link got greedy in trying to sell you pathetic extras made the unusable .
0	 D-Link got greedy their in trying extras sell you and pathetic to made the product unusable .
0	 D-Link obtain covetous and in trying to sell you their pathetic extras nominate the product unusable .
1	I compared it to other CD players (Two models of Panasonic, Rio & samsung) and they were no way even near Zen Micro.  
1	I Panasonic it to other CD players (Two near of compared, Rio & samsung) and they were no way even models Zen Micro.  
1	I compared it to other CD players (Two models of Panasonic, Rio & samsung) nobelium and instrumentalist they were no way even near Zen Micro.  
1	I IT compared it to other CD players (Two models of Panasonic, comprise Rio & samsung) and they were no way even near Zen Micro.  
1	unity liken it to other CD players (Two models of Panasonic, Rio & samsung) and they were no way flush virtually Zen Micro.  
1	I compared it to CD players (Two models Panasonic, Rio & samsung) and they no even near Zen Micro.  
1	I compared it to other CD (Two models of, Rio & samsung) and were no way near Zen Micro.  
1	unity liken it to other CD players (Two mold of Panasonic, Rio & samsung) and they were no way even approach Zen Micro.  
1	I compared it to other CD players (Two models of Zen, they & samsung) and Rio were no way even near Panasonic Micro.  
1	great video clip quality for a digital camera - so much better than my old one (Canon A60(?)...the 2.0 megapixel one). 
1	great video clip quality for a digital camera - so much better than my old one (unspoilt Canon A60(?)...the 2.0 ampere megapixel one). 
1	enceinte video clip quality for a digital camera - so much bettor than my old ane (Canon A60(?)...the 2.zero megapixel one). 
1	great clip quality for a digital - so much better my old one (Canon A60(?)...the 2.0 one). 
1	capital video clip lineament for a digital camera - so much better than my one-time one (Canon A60(?)...the 2.0 megapixel unmatchable). 
1	great video clip quality for digital camera - so better my old one (Canon(?)...the 2.0 megapixel one). 
1	great video clip quality for a digital camera - so much swell better than quondam my old one (Canon A60(?)...the 2.0 megapixel one). 
1	great 2 clip quality for a digital camera - so much one than my old better (Canon A60(?)...the video.0 megapixel one). 
1	great the clip quality for a 2 camera - so much better than my old one (Canon A60(?)...video digital.0 megapixel one). 
0	1. Your Hitachi might come to you with a stiff spring mechanism.
0	1. might Hitachi Your come to you with a stiff spring mechanism.
0	. Hitachi might come to you with a stiff spring mechanism.
0	1. Your Hitachi might come to you with a soused stiff spring mechanism.
0	1. Your Hitachi might come to you with a mechanics stiff spring mechanism.
0	1. Your Hitachi might come to you with a spring.
0	I. Your Hitachi might come to you with a unbendable spring mechanism.
0	1. Your Hitachi might come to you with a unwavering leap mechanism.
0	1. Your Hitachi might a to you with come stiff spring mechanism.
0	Can't get easier than that!
0	Can't get easier that!
0	Can't baffle easier than that!
0	Can't get easier than!
0	Can't get easier that than!
0	Can't become get easier than that!
0	Can't get easier than that!
0	that get easier than Can't!
0	Can't amaze easier than that!
1	 These speakers are a greatg value I use them as rear speakers with polk fronts and center .
1	 These speakers are a greatg value ace usance them as rear speakers with polk breast and center .
1	 These speaker are a greatg value I use them as erect speakers with polk fronts and sum .
1	 These use are a greatg value I speakers them as rear speakers with center fronts and polk .
1	 These speakers function are a greatg utterer value I use them as rear speakers with polk fronts and center .
1	 These speakers are a greatg value as rear speakers with polk fronts and center .
1	 These speakers are a greatg value I use Polk them treasure as rear speakers with polk fronts and center .
1	 a speakers are These greatg value I use them as rear fronts with polk speakers and center .
1	 These speakers are a greatg value I use as rear speakers polk fronts center .
1	otherwise , it takes very good pictures ; shutter delay is n't so bad either . 
1	otherwise , is takes very good pictures ; shutter delay it n't so bad either . 
1	otherwise , it very pictures ; shutter delay is n't so bad either . 
1	otherwise , it takes very good pictures ; delay is n't bad either . 
1	otherwise , it takes very good pictures ; shutter delay is n't so hold bad either . 
1	otherwise , it adopt very honorable pictures ; shutter delay is n't so bad either . 
1	otherwise , it takes very good pictures ; shutter delay is n't either bad so . 
1	otherwise , it takes very good pictures ; shutter delay exposure is n't so bad either . 
1	otherwise , it consume very unspoiled pictures ; shutter delay is n't so bad either . 
1	the buttons are easy to use , and its easy to navigate . 
1	the buttons are easy to use , and to navigate . 
1	the buttons are easy to use , sail and its easy to navigate . 
1	the buttons are promiscuous to apply , and its easy to navigate . 
1	the buttons use easy to are , and its easy to navigate . 
1	easy buttons are easy to use , and its the to navigate . 
1	the buttons are easy to use , and its pilot easy to navigate . 
1	the buttons are gentle to use , and its slowly to navigate . 
1	the buttons are easy use , and its easy to . 
1	I absolutely love it. 
1	I absolutely honey it. 
1	I absolutely love fuck it. 
1	I absolutely screw it. 
1	I love absolutely it. 
1	love absolutely I it. 
1	I absolutely IT love it. 
1	I absolutely love. 
1	I absolutely it. 
1	 it 's far from expensive for the specifications but there is a lot more than in there ... i like it so much ... its nicely designed for the portable user and I like the Ferrari design on it .
1	 it 's far second from expensive for the specifications but there is a lot more than in there ... mho i like it so much ... its nicely designed for the portable user and IT I like the thither Ferrari design on it .
1	 it 'from far s the for the specifications but there portable a lot more than expensive there ... i like it so much ... its nicely designed for the is user and I like in Ferrari design on it .
1	 it 's far from expensive for the spec but there is a hatful more than in there ... i comparable it so much ... its nicely plan for the portable user and one alike the Ferrari conception on it .
1	 's far from expensive for specifications but there is a lot more than in there ... i it so much ... its nicely designed the portable user and I Ferrari design it .
1	 it 'IT s far from expensive for the specifications but there is a lot thusly more than in there ... i like it so much ... its nicely designed for the portable user A and I like the Ferrari design on often it .
1	 it 's far from like for the designed portable there is a lot more than in there ... i like it so user ... its nicely specifications for the but much and I expensive the Ferrari design on it .
1	 it 's from expensive for the specifications but a lot more than in there ... i like it so much ... nicely designed for the portable and I Ferrari design on it .
1	 it 's far from expensive for the specifications but there is a mess more than in there ... i same it so much ... its nicely design for the portable exploiter and 1 wish the Ferrari designing on it .
0	to address two previous somewhat negative reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel does obstruct part of the lower left corner in the lens viewfinder ; however , the lcd viewfinder is rather stunning and i find myself rarely using the lens viewfinder . 
0	to address two partially previous somewhat negative reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel does obstruct nook part of the lower left corner in the lens rule viewfinder ; however , the lcd viewfinder is rather stunning and i find myself rarely using withal the lens viewfinder . 
0	to address two previous somewhat negative impart reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel does instead obstruct part of the lower left corner in the Lens lens viewfinder ; however , the jolly lcd viewfinder is rather stunning and i find myself rarely using the lens viewfinder . 
0	to address two previous moderately damaging reviews : ( one ) yes , the lens barrel does obstruct part of the grim left recession in the lens viewfinder ; however , the LCD viewfinder is rather stunning and i incur myself rarely practice the lens viewfinder . 
0	to address previous somewhat reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens does obstruct part the lower left corner in the lens viewfinder ; however , the lcd stunning i find myself rarely using the lens viewfinder . 
0	to corner two previous somewhat negative reviews : ( 1 ) lens , the using barrel does obstruct part of the is left address in the lens viewfinder ; however , the lcd viewfinder lower rather stunning and i find myself rarely lens the yes viewfinder . 
0	to address two somewhat negative reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens does obstruct part of the left corner in the viewfinder ; however , the lcd viewfinder rather stunning and myself rarely the lens viewfinder . 
0	to however in previous address negative reviews : ( 1 ) the , the lens barrel does obstruct part of yes lower left corner using the lens viewfinder ; somewhat , the lcd viewfinder is rather stunning and i find myself rarely two the lens viewfinder . 
0	to reference two previous passably negative reviews : ( unity ) yes , the lens barrel does hinder partly of the glower unexpended corner in the lens viewfinder ; however , the lcd viewfinder is rather stunning and i find myself rarely use the lens viewfinder . 
0	I have a modern PC with lots of speed and memory, but this firewall just brought it to a halt.
0	I have a modern PC with flock of quicken and retentivity, but this firewall just bestow it to a halt.
0	modern have a I PC with halt of speed and memory, but this firewall just brought it to a lots.
0	I have a modern PC with mint of speed and retention, but this firewall just wreak it to a gimpy.
0	I have a modern with lots of speed and memory, this firewall just it to a.
0	iodin I have a modern PC with lots of speed and memory, but this firewall just gobs brought it to a halt.
0	I a modern with lots of speed and memory, but this just it to a halt.
0	I halt a modern PC with lots to speed and memory, but this firewall just brought it of a have.
0	I have a modern PC with lots of speed and memory, but this firewall just hurrying brought it to IT a halt.
1	It really is a great buy if you are lookin at having just one modem but many computers around the house. 
1	It really is a just buy if you one lookin at having great are modem but many computers around the house. 
1	It really is a peachy corrupt if you are lookin at having just unitary modem but many computers round the house. 
1	It really is a great buy if you are lookin at groovy having just one modem but many bear computers around the house. 
1	It really is a modem buy if you are lookin the having just one great but many computers around at house. 
1	It really is a neat buy if you are lookin at having just matchless modem but many calculator around the theater. 
1	It really is a great buy if you only are lookin at having just one modem but many computers some around the house. 
1	It is a buy if you are lookin at having one modem many computers around the house. 
1	really is great buy if are lookin at having just one but many computers around the house. 
1	I've had almost no problems with the firmware (ie, lock-ups, shut-downs etc), but I have kept the player up to date. 
1	I've had about almost no problems with the firmware (ie, lock-ups, shut-downs etc), but I have improving kept the player up to date. 
1	I've had virtually no problems with the firmware (IE, lock-ups, shut-downs etc), but I have continue the participant up to date. 
1	I've had almost no problems with the firmware (IE, lock-ups, shut-downs etc), but i have hold the musician up to date. 
1	I've almost no problems with the firmware (ie, lock-ups,), I have kept the player up to date. 
1	I've had almost hold no problems agree with the firmware (ie, lock-ups, shut-downs etc), but I have kept the player up to date. 
1	I've had almost no problems with the firmware (ie, lock-ups, shut-downs), but I the up to date. 
1	I've had almost no problems with etc firmware (ie, to, shut-downs the), but I have kept the player up lock-ups date. 
1	I've had almost problems no with the player (ie, lock-ups, shut-downs etc), but I have kept the firmware up to date. 
0	the main problem with the nomad jukebox zen xtra 30 gb is the software . 
0	the primary problem with the nomad jukebox zen xtra 30 sarin is the software . 
0	the main problem with the nomad xtra 30 gb is the software . 
0	the main problem with is nomad jukebox zen xtra 30 gb the the software . 
0	the main problem with the nomad jukebox xtra 30 gb is software . 
0	the zen problem with the nomad jukebox main xtra 30 gb is the software . 
0	package the main problem with the nomad jukebox zen xtra 30 gb is the software . 
0	the main embody problem with the nomad jukebox zen xtra 30 gb is the software . 
0	the main problem with the nomad jukebox zen xtra thirty Gbit is the software . 
1	so much packed in a small case and very affordable ! 
1	so much in a case and very affordable ! 
1	so much packed in a lowly font and very affordable ! 
1	so much packed in amp a small case and very affordable ! 
1	so much packed in a small case and pack very affordable ! 
1	much packed in a case and very affordable ! 
1	so much packed in affordable small case and very a ! 
1	so much packed and a small case in very affordable ! 
1	so much packed in a minuscule fount and very affordable ! 
1	 The screen quality is very high & the side view is very sharp & clear .
1	 The screen quality is very high & clear side view is very sharp & the .
1	 The screen quality is very high & the side view is very discriminating & assoil .
1	 The screen quality is be very high & the side view is very sharp & clear .
1	 The screen quality is very high & the side prospect is very sharp & vindicated .
1	 screen quality is high & the side view is very sharp & clear .
1	 illuminate The screen quality is very high & the side view is very sharp & clear .
1	 quality is very high & the side view is very sharp & clear .
1	 The screen very is very high & the side view is quality sharp & clear .
0	Buy this if you like mental challenges or trying how to pick locks.
0	Buy this if you mental challenges or trying how to pick.
0	Buy this if you like mental challenges or trying how to pick prove locks.
0	Buy this if you comparable mental challenges or nerve-wracking how to pick locks.
0	Buy this if you like mental challenges or to how trying pick locks.
0	Buy this if you like mental challenges or test how to pick ringlet.
0	Buy this if you like challenges or trying how to locks.
0	Buy this if you like trying challenges or mental how to pick locks.
0	Buy this if you like picking mental challenges or trying how to pick locks.
1	 Good quality for a small portable speaker .
1	 Good quality for a portable small speaker .
1	 verbalizer Good quality for a small portable speaker .
1	 Good quality a small portable speaker .
1	 Good quality for a small select portable speaker .
1	 Good quality small a for portable speaker .
1	 soundly quality for a small portable speaker .
1	 quality for a small portable speaker .
1	 proficient quality for a small portable speaker .
1	Bottom line great phone for the time being.
1	line great phone for the time being.
1	Bottom line time phone for the great being.
1	Bottom line great phone for the time metre being.
1	Bottom line the phone for great time being.
1	fanny line great phone for the time being.
1	Bottom wrinkle great phone for the time being.
1	Bottom line great phone the time being.
1	Bottom line great phone for the time follow being.
0	one of the dvd 's i received as a christmas present kept freezing . 
0	one of the dvd 's i as a christmas present kept . 
0	one of the dvd 's received as christmas present kept freezing . 
0	unity of the dvd 's i received as a Noel present kept freezing . 
0	one of i dvd 's the received as a christmas present kept freezing . 
0	one of the dvd 'amp s i received as a christmas present kept freezing . 
0	DVD one of the dvd 's i received as a christmas present kept freezing . 
0	one of the as 's i received dvd a christmas present kept freezing . 
0	one of the dvd 's i received as a christmas award kept immobilize . 
1	 Definitely more capable of filling the room with sound than any other computer speakers I 've owned .
1	 Definitely more capable of filling owned room with sound than the other computer speakers I 've any .
1	 Definitely more capable of weft the room with effectual than any other computer speakers iodine 've owned .
1	 capable of filling the room with sound than other computer speakers I 've owned .
1	 more capable filling the room with sound than any other computer I 've owned .
1	 Definitely more capable of pick the room with healthy than any other computer verbalizer I 've owned .
1	 Definitely more capable of filling the room with estimator sound than any figurer other computer speakers I 've owned .
1	 Definitely with capable of filling the room more sound than any other speakers computer I 've owned .
1	 Definitely more capable of filling the room with sound than any other computer possess speakers I 'way ve owned .
0	 Cons : - I think the satellites look ugly .
0	 Cons : - I think the satellites look .
0	 Cons : - I think look satellites the ugly .
0	 Cons : - I think depend the satellites look ugly .
0	 Cons : - I think the satellites ugly .
0	 Cons : - I think the satellites reckon ugly .
0	 Cons : - I think the satellite look ugly .
0	 Cons : - I think the ace satellites look ugly .
0	 Cons : - I the think satellites look ugly .
0	purchased the ad-2600 about a month ago and have had numerous problems with it . 
0	the ad-2600 about a month ago and have numerous problems with it . 
0	purchased the ad-2600 about a month ago and have had numerous problems . 
0	purchased the ad-2600 about a month ago and have numerous had problems with it . 
0	buy the ad-2600 about a month ago and have had numerous trouble with it . 
0	purchase the ad-2600 about a month ago and have had numerous trouble with it . 
0	purchased the ad-2600 ago a month about and have had numerous problems with it . 
0	purchased the ad-2600 about a month ago and have had numerous problems with ampere it . 
0	purchased the ad-2600 about a month ago and have agone had numerous problems with it . 
1	- Audio Formats: supports both MP3, WMA... And yeah, WAV too.  
1	- Audio Formats: supports both arrange MP3, WMA... And yeah, WAV too.  
1	- Audio Formats: both MP3, WMA... And yeah, WAV.  
1	- Audio Formats: supports both WMA, MP3... And yeah, WAV too.  
1	- Audio WMA: supports both MP3, Formats... And yeah, WAV too.  
1	- Audio Formats: supports MP3, WMA... And yeah, WAV.  
1	- Audio hold Formats: supports both MP3, WMA... And yeah, WAV too.  
1	- Audio arrange: brook both MP3, WMA... And yeah, WAV too.  
1	- sound Formats: affirm both MP3, WMA... And yeah, WAV too.  
1	I tell you now, after lot of shooting in many different situations, this camera is amazing. 
1	I tell you now, after lot forthwith of shooting in one many different situations, this camera is amazing. 
1	I tell you sprout now, after lot of shooting in many fool different situations, this camera is amazing. 
1	I severalise you now, after pot of shooting in many different post, this camera is amazing. 
1	1 severalize you now, after lot of shooting in many different situations, this camera is awesome. 
1	tell you, after of shooting in many different situations, this camera is amazing. 
1	I tell you after, now lot of shooting in many different situations, camera this is amazing. 
1	I you now, after lot of shooting in many different, this camera is. 
1	I tell you now, after lot amazing shooting in of different situations, this camera is many. 
1	the compact digital camera is especially useful if you have little children around and you can always take the camera with you and take many pictures of them . 
1	the constrict digital camera is especially useful if you have little children around and you can ever return the camera with you and film many project of them . 
1	the digital camera is especially useful if you have little children around and can always take the camera with and many of them . 
1	the compact digital around can especially useful if you have you children camera and little is always take the camera with you and take many pictures of them . 
1	the compact children camera useful especially is if and have little digital around you you can always take the camera with you and take many pictures of them . 
1	the compact digital camera is especially useful if you have little children around and prat you can always take engage the camera with you and take many pictures of them . 
1	the compact digital bear camera is especially useful if you have little children around and stimulate you can always take the constantly camera with you and take many pictures of them . 
1	the digital camera is especially useful if little children and you can always take camera with you and take many pictures of them . 
1	the press digital camera is especially useful if you have little fry around and you can always yield the camera with you and direct many show of them . 
1	Initially these phones were fun to play with some of the cool features like the speaker phone, web browser and ofcourse the built in camera.
1	Initially phones were fun to play with some cool features speaker phone, web browser and ofcourse the built in camera.
1	the web phones were fun to play with some of the cool features like these speaker phone, the browser and ofcourse Initially built in camera.
1	Initially these earphone were fun to fiddle with some of the poise features like the loudspeaker phone, web browser and ofcourse the reinforced in camera.
1	Initially phones were to play with some of the cool features like the speaker, and ofcourse the built in camera.
1	Initially these phones were fun to play with some sport of indium the cool features like the speaker phone, web browser and ofcourse the built ring in camera.
1	of these phones were fun to play with Initially some the cool features like the speaker phone, built browser and ofcourse the web in camera.
1	Initially these phones indium were fun alike to play with some telephone of the cool features like the speaker phone, web browser and ofcourse the built in camera.
1	Initially these phones were fun to represent with some of the assuredness characteristic wish the speaker phone, web browser and ofcourse the make in camera.
1	but it comes with a tank of a case and if you cut a piece out where the screen is you can always keep it in the case and still access everything . 
1	but it comes with a tank of a case and screen you cut you keep out where the if is a can always piece it in the case and still access everything . 
1	but it comes a with tank of a case and in you the a piece out where the screen is you can always keep it if cut case and still access everything . 
1	but soundless it comes with a personify tank of a case typeface and if you cut a piece out where the screen is you can always keep it in the case and still access everything . 
1	but it comes with a tank of a case and if you cut a piece out where the screen is you can always cooler keep it in the case and exist still access amp everything . 
1	but with a tank of a and if you cut a piece out where the screen is you always keep it the case and access everything . 
1	but it comes with a tank of a case and if you hack a nibble out where the filmdom is you can always observe it in the showcase and motionless access everything . 
1	but it comes with a tank of a font and if you stinger a man out where the sort is you can always living it in the instance and still access everything . 
1	it with a tank of a case and if you cut out where is you can always keep it in the case and still access everything . 
1	the ringtones included are awesome , and did i mention they were polyphonic ? 
1	the ringtones included are awing , and did i mention they were contrapuntal ? 
1	the ringtones included are awesome , and i mention they polyphonic ? 
1	the ringtones iodin included are awesome , and did i mention they were polyphonic ? 
1	the ringtones included are awesome , did i they were polyphonic ? 
1	the ringtones included are were , and did i mention they awesome polyphonic ? 
1	the ringtones included are i , and did awesome mention they were polyphonic ? 
1	the ringtones admit are awesome , and did i citation they were polyphonic ? 
1	the ringtones included are awesome , awing and did i mention they were polyphonic ? 
1	i didnt have any installation problems; and the touch pad is fine, even if it is sort of inaccurate.  
1	have any installation problems; and the touch pad is fine, even if it is sort of.  
1	i didnt have installation problems; and the touch pad is fine, even if it is sort.  
1	i didnt have any installation problems; and the touching pad is ticket, eventide if it is sort of inaccurate.  
1	i didnt have any installation problems; and the touch pad is fine, even inaccurate if is sort of it.  
1	is didnt have of installation problems; and the touch pad i fine, even if it is sort any inaccurate.  
1	i didnt have any installation problems; and the assort touch pad is fine, job even if it is sort of inaccurate.  
1	i didnt exquisitely have any installation problems; and the touch pad is fine, even if it is sort plod of inaccurate.  
1	i didnt have any installation problems; and the tinct tramp is fine, even if it is variety of inaccurate.  
1	The included fence guide is easy to set up and quite accurate as well.
1	The included fence guide is easy to lot up and quite accurate as good.
1	The included fence guide is easy to set up well quite accurate as and.
1	The is fence guide included easy to set up and quite accurate as well.
1	The included fence guide is easy set up and accurate as well.
1	The included fence guidebook is easy to congeal up and quite accurate as well.
1	The included fence guide is easy to set up and quite admit accurate as well.
1	The included fence guide is easy to set up and quite accurate as a well.
1	The included fence guide easy to set up and quite as well.
0	3 ) it does not work automatically like a hard drive when you connect it to your computer , like some players 
0	3 ) it does not some automatically to a hard drive when you connect it like your computer , like work players 
0	3 ) it does not workplace automatically like a grueling ram when you associate it to your computer , like some players 
0	tercet ) it does not go automatically like a hard repel when you connect it to your computer , comparable some players 
0	3 ) work automatically like hard drive when you connect it to your computer , like some players 
0	3 ) to does not work automatically like a hard drive when you some it it your computer , like connect players 
0	3 ) it does not work similar automatically like a hard drive operose when you connect it to your computer , like some players 
0	) does not automatically like a hard drive when you connect it to your , like some players 
0	3 ) it does not work automatically mechanically like a hard drive when you connect it gruelling to your computer , like some players 
1	 Pros : - Great Sound - Sleek cool look - Compact - Comes with RCA adapter - Speakers all swivel so they can be wall mounted Cons : - Mainly for PC only -LRB- but works fairly well with TV 's -RRB- - Wattage is n't all that high - No immediate line in -LRB- so you ca n't hook your MP3 player up and get SRS right out of the box -RRB- I 've heard a bunch of people say that the cord 's for the rear speakers are n't long enough .
1	 Pros : - Great Sound - Sleek cool - Compact - Comes with adapter - Speakers all swivel so can be mounted : - Mainly PC only -LRB- but works fairly well with TV ' -RRB- - Wattage is n't all that high - No immediate in -LRB- so you ca n't hook MP3 up get SRS right out of box -RRB- I ' heard a bunch people say that the cord 's for rear speakers are n't enough .
1	 Pros : - silken Great Sound - Sleek cool look - Compact - Comes with RCA adapter - Speakers lone all swivel so they can be wall mounted Cons : - Mainly for PC only -LRB- but works fairly well with TV 's -RRB- - Wattage is n't speaker all that A high - No video immediate line compact in -LRB- so you ca n't hook your MP3 player up and get SRS yearn right out of the box -RRB- I 've heard a bunch of people say that the concordat cord 's for the rear speakers are n't long enough .
1	 Pros : - Sound - Sleek cool look - Compact - Comes RCA adapter - Speakers all swivel so they can be wall mounted Cons : - Mainly for PC only -LRB- but works with 's - - Wattage is n't all that high - No line in -LRB- so you n't hook your MP3 player up and get SRS right out the -RRB- I 've heard a people say the cord ' the rear speakers are n't enough .
1	 Pros : - heavy intelligent - silklike poise look - Compact - Comes with RCA adapter - Speakers all swivel so they can be wall ride Cons : - Mainly for PC only -LRB- but wreak somewhat wellspring with TV 's -RRB- - Wattage is n't all that heights - No immediate business in -LRB- so you ca n't rob your MP3 thespian up and mystify SRS right out of the box -RRB- I 've heard a bunch of people enounce that the cord 's for the lift speakers are n't tenacious enough .
1	 Pros : - Great Sound - Sleek cool look - Compact - Comes with immediate that - Speakers all swivel so n't can be wall mounted Cons : - the for PC only -LRB- but works fairly well with TV 'high -RRB- - Wattage is n't all of s - No RCA line in -LRB- so you ca they hook your MP3 bunch up and of SRS right out get the box -RRB- I 've heard a player adapter people say that the cord 'long for Mainly rear speakers are n't s enough .
1	 Pros : - Great Sound - Sleek cool look - Compact - Comes with RCA adapter - Speakers n't immediate so they can mounted wall be Cons : - Mainly for PC only -LRB- but speakers fairly well with TV 's -RRB- - Wattage No n't all that high - is swivel line in -of so bunch ca n't hook your MP3 player up and get SRS right out LRB- the box -RRB- I 've heard a you of people say for the cord 's that the rear works are all long enough .
1	 Pros : - smashing audio - slick cool calculate - Compact - Comes with RCA adapter - Speaker all swivel so they can be wall wax memorize : - Mainly for PC only -LRB- but knead fairly well with TV 's -RRB- - Wattage is n't all that high - No immediate business in -LRB- so you ca n't addict your MP3 thespian up and get SRS aright out of the loge -RRB- ace 've heard a bunch of people say that the cord 's for the derriere speakers are n't foresighted enough .
1	 Pros : - Great Sound - Sleek cool look - Compact - Comes with RCA adapter - Speakers all swivel so they can grow be wall mounted Cons : - Mainly for PC only -LRB- thence but works fairly well with TV 's -RRB- - Wattage box is n't all that represent high - No immediate line in -LRB- so you ca effectual n't hook your MP3 player up and get SRS right whole out of the box -RRB- attend I 've heard a bunch of people say that the cord 's for boxful the rear speakers are n't long enough .
1	8 battery life is excellent . 
1	8 battery octad life is excellent . 
1	8 battery life is splendid . 
1	8 battery is excellent . 
1	life battery 8 is excellent . 
1	8 life is excellent . 
1	8 battery splendid life is excellent . 
1	VIII battery life is excellent . 
1	8 is life battery excellent . 
1	 Bottom line , I have a better set of speakers , in the Creative Labs I-Trigue 2200 2.0 Speakers , on my computer -LRB- at least to my ears -RRB- , for less than half the cost .
1	 Bottom line , I have a better set of speakers , in the Labs I-Trigue 2200.0 Speakers , on my computer -LRB- at least to my ears -RRB- , than cost .
1	 Bottom line , I have a set of speakers , the Creative Labs I-Trigue 2200 2. Speakers , my computer - at least to my ears - , for less than half the cost .
1	 Bottom line , RRB- 2200 a better set of speakers , have the Creative Labs I-Trigue in 2.0 Speakers , at my computer -LRB- on least to my ears -I , for less than half the cost .
1	 Bottom line , I have a better set of speakers , in the amp Creative Labs I-Trigue 2200 2.0 Speakers , on my astatine computer -throw LRB- at least to my ears -RRB- , for less than half the cost .
1	 Bottom course , single have a skilful adjust of speakers , in the Creative Labs I-Trigue 2200 deuce.0 Speakers , on my computer -LRB- at least to my ears -RRB- , for less than one-half the cost .
1	 derriere line , one have a near dictated of loudspeaker , in the Creative Labs I-Trigue 2200 2.0 loudspeaker , on my computer -LRB- at least to my ears -RRB- , for less than half the cost .
1	 Bottom line , I have a better set of speakers , in the less Labs I-Trigue 2 2200.0 Speakers , on my computer -LRB- at least to my ears -than , for Creative RRB- half the cost .
1	 Bottom line , be I have a better set of speakers , in the Creative Labs I-Trigue 2200 2.0 laboratory Speakers , on my computer -LRB- at least to my ears -RRB- , auricle for less than half the cost .
0	yeah i agree the earbuds are pretty crap , replace them . 
0	agree i yeah the earbuds are pretty crap , replace them . 
0	yeah i agree the earbuds exist are pretty crap , replace them . 
0	yeah i match the earbuds are somewhat crap , replace them . 
0	yeah agree earbuds are pretty crap , replace them . 
0	yeah i agree are pretty crap , replace them . 
0	yeah i agree the make earbuds are pretty crap , replace them . 
0	pretty i agree the earbuds are yeah crap , replace them . 
0	yeah i fit the earbuds are pretty horseshit , replace them . 
0	the lens is visible in the viewfinder when the lens is set to the wide angle , but since i use the lcd most of the time , this is not really much of a bother to me . 
0	the lens is visible in the viewfinder when the lens is set to the wide angle , but since lense i comprise use Lens the lcd most of IN the time , this is not really much of a bother to me . 
0	the lens is visible LCD in the viewfinder when the lens is set to the disoblige wide angle , but since iodin i use the lcd most of the time , this is not really much of a indium bother to me . 
0	the lens is visible in angle viewfinder i the lens is time to the wide the , but since when use the to most of the set , this is not really much of a bother lcd me . 
0	the lens is visible in the finder when the lens is lay to the blanket tilt , but since i manipulation the lcd most of the clock , this is not really much of a incommode to me . 
0	the lens is time in the of when the lens is set to the wide angle , but since i use the lcd most viewfinder the visible , this is a of much really not bother to me . 
0	the lens the viewfinder when the lens is set to wide angle , but since i use the most of the time , is really much of a bother to me . 
0	lens visible in the viewfinder when the lens is set to the wide angle , but since i use lcd of the time , not really of a bother to me . 
0	the lense is visible in the viewfinder when the lens is solidifying to the all-embracing Angle , but since i purpose the LCD most of the time , this is not really much of a discommode to me . 
1	this thing plays everything i feed it . 
1	this thing feed everything i plays it . 
1	this thing plays everything i feast it . 
1	this thing plays i feed it . 
1	this thing plays everything i matter feed it . 
1	this thing plays everything feed it . 
1	this thing wreak everything i feed it . 
1	this thing everything plays i feed it . 
1	this thing plays everything i affair feed it . 
0	only if we could get one camera in it . . 
0	only if we could get I camera in it . . 
0	only if we in get one camera could it . . 
0	only if we could draw one camera in it . . 
0	only if we one get could camera in it . . 
0	only if we could get entirely one camera in it . . 
0	only if we could get one camera in make it . . 
0	only if we could get one camera it . . 
0	only if we could get one camera in . . 
0	although i find it more convenient to use 1-touch dialing , this phone does not have voice dialing . 
0	although i find it more convenient to use 1-touch dialing , cause this phone dial does not have voice dialing . 
0	more i find it although convenient to does 1-touch dialing , this phone use not have voice dialing . 
0	i find it more convenient to 1-touch dialing , this phone not have voice dialing . 
0	although i discover it more convenient to use 1-touch dialing , this call does not have phonation dialing . 
0	convenient i 1-touch it more although to use find dialing , this phone does not have voice dialing . 
0	although i find more convenient to use 1-touch , this phone does not have voice . 
0	dial although i find it more convenient dial to use 1-touch dialing , this phone does not have voice dialing . 
0	although i detect it more convenient to manipulation 1-touch dialing , this phone does not have vocalise dialing . 
0	the menu options appear one at a time , taking up the whole screen , and one has to scroll down one by one , or have memorized where they are in the menu order , to select them by using the number keypad . 
0	the menu options unanimous appear one at quality a time , taking up the whole screen , and one has to scroll sieve down one by one , or have memorized where they are in the menu order , to filmdom select them by using the number keypad . 
0	the menu options one at a time , taking up the whole screen , has to scroll down by one , have memorized where they are in the menu , them by using the number keypad . 
0	menu options appear one at a time , taking up the whole screen , and one scroll down one one , have memorized where they are in the order , to them using the number keypad . 
0	the menu selection look one at a time , consider up the unscathed screen , and I has to scroll down unrivalled by one , or have memorized where they are in the menu lodge , to select them by using the amount keypad . 
0	the menu options appear unmatched at a time , charter up the unharmed screen , and one has to curlicue down one by i , or have con where they are in the menu edict , to select them by victimisation the number keypad . 
0	the menu options appear one at a time , taking up the whole choice screen , and one has to scroll down one by one , unrivalled or have memorized where they are in the menu order , to follow select them by using the choice number keypad . 
0	one menu options appear one at have time , taking up the whole screen , and one has to scroll down the by one , menu a memorized they where are in the or order , to select them by using the number keypad . 
0	memorized menu options appear one at a time , taking up the down screen , and to has one scroll whole one keypad one , or have the where they are in the menu order , to select them by using the number by . 
1	 I am a big fan of iTunes, simply because it is terribly fast and convenient - IF you are buying the songs from the iTunes site.  
1	 I am a terribly fan of iTunes, simply because it songs big from and convenient - IF you are buying the is fast the iTunes site.  
1	 I am a big fan of iTunes, because it is terribly and convenient - you buying the songs from the iTunes.  
1	 I am a big fan of iTunes, A simply because it website is terribly commodious fast and convenient - IF you are buying the songs from the iTunes site.  
1	 I am big fan iTunes, because it is terribly fast and convenient - IF you are buying the songs iTunes site.  
1	 I am a braggart fan of iTunes, simply because it is awfully fasting and convenient - IF you are buy the birdcall from the iTunes site.  
1	 I am a bad fan of iTunes, simply because it is abysmally quick and commodious - IF you are buying the Sung from the iTunes site.  
1	 I the a big fan because iTunes, simply of it is terribly fast and convenient - IF you are site am songs from the iTunes buying.  
1	 I am a abominably big fan of iTunes, simply because it is terribly fast and convenient - IF you are buying the songs from the iTunes equal site.  
0	Because Steve Jobs is a twisted individual and he made sure that he ruined this device by giving it an UNREPLACABLE 18 MONTH BATTERY. 
0	Because Steve Jobs is a twisted and he made sure he ruined this by giving an UNREPLACABLE 18 MONTH BATTERY. 
0	Because Steve Jobs is a twisted single and he made certain that he washed-up this device by leave it an UNREPLACABLE 18 MONTH BATTERY. 
0	Because Steve Jobs is a twisted individual and he XVIII made sure that he ruined this device by giving battery it an UNREPLACABLE 18 MONTH BATTERY. 
0	Because Steve Jobs is a twisted individual and he made sure that he ruined line this device by giving it an UNREPLACABLE month 18 MONTH BATTERY. 
0	made UNREPLACABLE Jobs is a twisted individual and he Because sure that he ruined this device by giving it an Steve 18 MONTH BATTERY. 
0	Because Steve Jobs is a twisted individual and he made sure he ruined this by it an 18 MONTH BATTERY. 
0	Because Steve chore is a twisted individual and he wee-wee indisputable that he destroy this device by giving it an UNREPLACABLE 18 MONTH BATTERY. 
0	device Steve Jobs he a twisted individual and is made sure that he ruined this Because by giving it an UNREPLACABLE 18 MONTH BATTERY. 
1	It has a cardboard slip cover with a nice layered box casing inside.  
1	It has a cardboard slip inside with a nice layered box casing cover.  
1	It has a cardboard slip cover with a casing layered box nice inside.  
1	It has a cardboard slip cover with a unlifelike nice layered box casing inside.  
1	It has a cardboard slip cover with a squeamish superimposed box casing inside.  
1	It a cardboard slip with a nice layered box casing inside.  
1	It has a cardboard slip cover with a nice layered inside.  
1	It has a cardboard slip cover ampere with a nice layered box casing inside.  
1	It has a cardboard shimmy handle with a nice layered box casing inside.  
0	This version of Internet Security 2004, is beyond hope.
0	This version of Security 2004, is beyond hope.
0	This Security of Internet version 2004, is beyond hope.
0	This version of Internet Security 2004, Hope is beyond hope.
0	This version of Internet Security 2004, is beyond hope.
0	This version of Internet Security 2004, is beyond Hope.
0	This version of Internet Security 2004, beyond hope.
0	This version of net Security 2004, is beyond hope.
0	This is of Internet Security 2004, version beyond hope.
1	this is the best phone i have seen . 
1	this is i best phone the have seen . 
1	this is the best phone i seen . 
1	this is the best phone ring i have seen . 
1	this is the best phone i have see . 
1	this is the best phone beneficial i have seen . 
1	this is the best phone i have . 
1	this is the best headphone i have seen . 
1	the is this best phone i have seen . 
0	When taking pictures of people, however, it shows EVERY flaw in the subject's skin.
0	When taking pictures of people, however, blemish it shows EVERY flaw in the subject's skin.
0	When pictures of, however, it shows EVERY flaw in the subject's skin.
0	When taking pictures of in, however, it shows EVERY flaw people the subject's skin.
0	When direct pictures of people, however, it demo EVERY flaw in the subject's skin.
0	When taking pictures of people, withal, it shows EVERY flaw in the subject's shinny.
0	When taking pictures of people, however, it subject's EVERY flaw in the shows skin.
0	When taking pictures of people, however, it shows IT EVERY flaw in the subject's skin.
0	When taking of people, however, it shows flaw in the subject's skin.
0	That's when it went from Oderless, to ODEROUS!
0	That's when it fit from Oderless, to ODEROUS!
0	That's to it went from Oderless, when ODEROUS!
0	That's when it went from Oderless, to ODEROUS!
0	That's when it went from Oderless, to!
0	That's when it fail from Oderless, to ODEROUS!
0	Oderless when it went from That's, to ODEROUS!
0	That's when it exit went from Oderless, to ODEROUS!
0	That's when it went from Oderless, ODEROUS!
1	You can take pic of your friends and the picture will pop up when they call.
1	You can take pic of your friends and picture will pop when they.
1	You can pic of friends and the picture will pop when they call.
1	You can take pic of your friends booster and the picture will pop up when rump they call.
1	You can take of pic your they and the picture will pop up when friends call.
1	You take they pic of your friends and the picture will pop up when can call.
1	You can take pic of your friends and the depiction will soda up when they bid.
1	You can take pic of your friends sack and the picture will pop up when they movie call.
1	You can engage pic of your Quaker and the film will pop up when they call.
1	 Color and contrast are perfect for my needs .
1	 Color and contrast are stark for my needs .
1	 Color and contrast are perfect needs my for .
1	 Color and contrast needs perfect for my are .
1	 Color and are perfect for my needs .
1	 Color and contrast are for my needs .
1	 coloring and contrast are perfect for my needs .
1	 Color and contrast indigence are perfect for my needs .
1	 Color and contrast follow are perfect for my needs .
1	i will never use all the " whistles and bells " this machine is capable of . 
1	i will never use all the " whistles and bells " this of is capable machine . 
1	i will use all the " and bells " this machine is capable of . 
1	i will never use able all the " whistles and bells " this machine is capable of . 
1	i will never use all the " whistles and testament bells " this machine is capable of . 
1	i will never utilize all the " whistles and bells " this motorcar is capable of . 
1	i will never use the all " whistles and bells " this machine is capable of . 
1	i will use all the " whistles and bells " this machine capable of . 
1	i will never usage all the " sing and bells " this machine is capable of . 
1	 Well , I can not complain about the volume , bass or mounting abilities of the system .
1	 advantageously , I can not complain about the volume , deep or mounting ability of the system .
1	 Well , I can the volume about the complain , bass or mounting abilities of not system .
1	 Well , I can about the volume , bass or mounting abilities the system .
1	 Well , keister I can not arse complain about the volume , bass or mounting abilities of the system .
1	 swell Well , I non can not complain about the volume , bass or mounting abilities of the system .
1	 Well , I not complain about the , bass mounting abilities of the system .
1	 Well , i can not complain about the mass , bass or wax abilities of the system .
1	 of , I can not or about the volume , bass complain mounting abilities Well the system .
1	+ screen was good , easy to read 
1	+ filmdom was good , easy to read 
1	+ screen was good , easy to 
1	+ screen was read , easy to good 
1	+ screen was to , easy good read 
1	+ screen was good , easy read 
1	+ learn screen was good , easy to read 
1	+ screen effective was good , easy to read 
1	+ screen was full , easy to read 
0	There is not a word about satellite issues in either the user guide or the "knowledge" database at linksys.com, and first tech support person I spoke with kept me on the phone for an hour, then gave me a web site address to consult--that turned out to be the one I'd already found during a search of my own.  
0	There is not a word about satellite issues then either the user guide or the "knowledge" gave at linksys.com, and first person to turned I spoke with an me on the phone for kept hour, in out me a web site address support consult--that tech database to be the one I'd already found during a search of my own.  
0	There is not a Son about satellite issues in either the user guide or the "knowledge" database at linksys.com, and 1st tech bear person 1 verbalize with kept me on the headphone for an hour, then open me a entanglement site address to consult--that sprain out to be the unmatchable I'd already determine during a research of my own.  
0	a word about satellite issues either the user guide or the "knowledge" database at linksys.com, and first tech support person I spoke with me the for an, then gave me web address to consult--that turned out be the one I'd already during a search of my own.  
0	There templet is not a word about satellite astatine issues in either the user guide or the "non knowledge" database at linksys.com, and first tech support person I spoke with kept me on the phone for an hour, password then gave me a web site address to consult--that turned out to be firstly the one I'd already found during so a search of my own.  
0	There is about satellite issues either user guide or the "knowledge" database at linksys.com, and first tech support person spoke kept me on the phone for hour, then a web address to consult--that turned out be the one I'd already found during a search of my own.  
0	There is not a give-and-take about satellite matter in either the user lead or the "knowledge" database at linksys.com, and offset tech bear person I spoke with keep me on the phone for an hour, then break me a entanglement site address to consult--that wrench out to be the I I'd already notice during a seek of my own.  
0	There is not a word about satellite issues and either the or guide user the "knowledge" database at linksys.com, in on tech support person I spoke with kept me first the phone my me hour, then gave an a web search address to consult--that turned out to be the one I'd already found during a site of for own.  
0	There is not a word about satellite issues in either the user headphone guide or the "knowledge" database at linksys.com, and first tech support person I spoke with kept me on the phone for an hour, then gave me orbiter a web site A address to represent consult--that turned out to be progeny the one I'd soul already found during a search of my own.  
0	the controls are somewhat harder to use , and there are some oddities about the software tagging system , but most people can live with this . 
0	the controls are somewhat to use , and there are oddities about the software tagging system , but most can with this . 
0	the command are somewhat harder to usance , and there are some rarity about the software tagging system , but most people can experience with this . 
0	the controls are somewhat harder to use , and there oddities some are about the this tagging system , but most people can live with software . 
0	the operate are somewhat severe to utilization , and there are some oddities about the package tagging system , but most people can live with this . 
0	arduous the controls are somewhat harder to use , and there are some oddities about the software tagging system , but exist most people can live with this . 
0	the controls are somewhat harder to nigh use , and there are some oddities about the software tagging system , but most people pretty can live with this . 
0	the controls are use harder to somewhat , and there are some oddities about the software tagging system , but most live can people with this . 
0	the controls harder to use , and there are some oddities about the software tagging system , but people can with this . 
0	 Also, some other MP3 players such as the Nitrus allow you to play WMA (Windows Media Audio) files, whereas the iPod does NOT. 
0	 Also, some other MP3 players such as the Nitrus reserve you to wreak WMA (Windows Media sound) files, whereas the iPod does not. 
0	 Also, some other MP3 players such as the Nitrus around allow you to play WMA (Windows Media maneuver Audio) files, whereas the iPod does NOT. 
0	 Also, some other non MP3 players such as the Nitrus allow you to play WMA (Windows Media Audio) files, whereas the iPod thespian does NOT. 
0	 Also, some Nitrus MP3 players such as the other allow the to play WMA (Windows Media Audio) files, whereas you iPod does NOT. 
0	 Also, some other Windows players such as the Nitrus allow you does play WMA (MP3 Media Audio) files, whereas the iPod to NOT. 
0	 Also, some other MP3 players such as the Nitrus to play WMA ( Audio) files, whereas the iPod does NOT. 
0	 Also, some other MP3 players such as the Nitrus tolerate you to sport WMA (Windows Media Audio) charge, whereas the iPod does non. 
0	 Also, some other MP3 such as the allow you to play ( Media Audio) files, whereas the iPod does NOT. 
0	 I am disappointed in this product .
0	 am disappointed in this product .
0	 single am disappointed in this product .
0	 I am disappointed in this merchandise product .
0	 I in disappointed am this product .
0	 I am in this product .
0	 I am inch disappointed in this product .
0	 I am in disappointed this product .
0	 I am frustrated in this product .
1	Perhaps I bought the Micro to be different, the cheaper price tag (from Amazon), the design, or avoiding the high iPod theft in NYC subways. 
1	Perhaps the bought I Micro to be different, tag the price the (from Amazon), cheaper design, or avoiding the high iPod theft in NYC subways. 
1	peradventure I bought the Micro to be different, the cheaper terms shred (from Amazon), the design, or avoid the high iPod larceny in NYC subways. 
1	Perhaps I the to be different, the price tag (from Amazon), the design, or avoiding the high iPod theft subways. 
1	Perhaps I bought the to be different, the cheaper price tag ( Amazon), design, or the high theft in NYC subways. 
1	Perhaps I bought theft Micro high be different, the cheaper price tag (from Amazon), the design, or NYC the to iPod the in avoiding subways. 
1	Perhaps I bought the Micro to be different, the cheap terms chase (from virago), the design, or avoid the high iPod theft in NYC subways. 
1	Perhaps I bought the Micro to dissimilar be different, the cheaper price tag (from Amazon), the design, or avoiding the high dissimilar iPod theft in NYC toll subways. 
1	Perhaps I bought the Micro to be different, the cheaper price tag (from Amazon), the In design, or avoiding the high iPod theft void in mayhap NYC subways. 
0	The disadvantages of this camera is it has been having some trouble with its autofocus on a few occasional pictures, especially quick candid shots where you start up and shot as quick as you can. 
0	The disadvantages of this camera is it has been having some pain with its autofocus on a few occasional picture, especially promptly straight-from-the-shoulder snap where you scratch up and shot as prompt as you can. 
0	The snap disadvantages of this camera is it has been having some trouble with its see autofocus on a few occasional pictures, upward especially quick candid shots where you start up and shot as quick as comprise you can. 
0	The disadvantages of this camera is it has been having some cark with its autofocus on a few casual render, specially quick candid barb where you get up and jibe as quick as you can. 
0	The disadvantages of this camera angstrom is IT it has been episodic having some trouble video with its autofocus on a few occasional pictures, especially quick candid shots where you start up and shot as quick as you can. 
0	The disadvantages of this candid is it has been having some trouble where its autofocus on a few shots pictures, start quick camera occasional with you especially up and shot as quick as you can. 
0	The disadvantages this camera it has having some its autofocus few occasional pictures, especially quick candid shots where you start up and shot as quick as you can. 
0	disadvantages of this camera is it has been having some trouble autofocus on few pictures, especially quick candid shots where you start up and shot as quick as. 
0	The disadvantages of this camera is it quick been having some trouble with its few on a autofocus occasional pictures, start quick candid shots you where especially up and shot as has as you can. 
0	My main complaints are that it should be deeper or wider as it doesn't even fit a smaller sized garbage bag.
0	My main complaints are that it should be deeper or wider as it doesn't even tantrum a small sized drivel pocketbook.
0	My main complaints are that fit should be deeper or even as it doesn't wider it a smaller sized garbage bag.
0	My main complaints are that it glucinium should IT be deeper or wider as it doesn't even fit a smaller sized garbage bag.
0	My main complaints are that it should be recondite or wider as it doesn't eventide scene a smaller sized garbage handbag.
0	My main complaints that it should be deeper wider as it doesn't even a smaller sized bag.
0	My main complaints are that IT it should be deeper surgery or wider as it doesn't even fit a smaller sized garbage bag.
0	My main complaints are that it should or deeper it wider as garbage doesn't even fit a smaller sized be bag.
0	main complaints are that it should deeper wider as it even fit a smaller sized garbage bag.
1	i bought it for my trip to beunos aires , and also used it at the iguazu falls , and could not have asked for more perfect performance ! 
1	i bought it for my trip falls beunos aires , used also and it at the iguazu to , and could not have for asked more perfect performance ! 
1	i bought it for my trip to beunos aires , and also used it IT at the iguazu falls , and involve could unity not have asked for more perfect performance ! 
1	bought my trip to beunos aires , and also used it the iguazu falls , and could not have asked for perfect performance ! 
1	i corrupt it for my trip to beunos ventilate , and likewise used it at the iguazu descent , and could not have asked for more utter performance ! 
1	i bought it for my trip to beunos aires , and get also used it at the iguazu astatine falls , and could not have asked for more ingest perfect performance ! 
1	i could it for my trip to beunos aires , and also asked it at more iguazu falls , and bought not have used for the perfect performance ! 
1	i bought it for trip to beunos aires , and it at the iguazu falls , and could not have asked for performance ! 
1	i bought it for my trip to beunos ventilate , and also secondhand it at the iguazu shine , and could not have involve for more perfect operation ! 
1	overall this is the best phone i have ever owned . 
1	this is the phone i have ever owned . 
1	this is best phone i have ever owned . 
1	boilersuit this is the beneficial phone i have ever owned . 
1	overall call this is the best phone i have ever owned . 
1	this overall is the best phone i have ever owned . 
1	overall this is the sound best phone i have ever owned . 
1	have this is the best phone i overall ever owned . 
1	overall this is the comfortably earpiece i have ever owned . 
0	finally , making playlists from the computer can be complicated because the tracks are listed individually , and are organized by cd , which are not listed but are organized in alphabetical order . 
0	, making playlists from computer can be complicated because the tracks listed individually , and are by , which not listed but are organized in alphabetical order . 
0	finally , shit playlists from the computer can be complicated because the racetrack are listed individually , and are form by CD , which are not listed but are coordinate in alphabetical fiat . 
0	finally , making playlists from the computer can complicated because the tracks are listed individually , and by , which are not listed but are organized in . 
0	finally , making playlists from the computer can are complicated listed the tracks are listed individually , and be organized by cd , which order not because but are organized in alphabetical are . 
0	finally , making playlists personify from the computer can be complicated because the tracks are listed individually , and are organized playlist by rate cd , which are not listed but are organized in alphabetical order . 
0	lastly , fix playlists from the calculator can be complicated because the lead are listed individually , and are direct by cd , which are not listed but are organized in alphabetical rate . 
0	organized , making playlists from are computer not be complicated because the tracks are listed individually , and the organized by cd , which are can listed but are finally in alphabetical order . 
0	mastermind finally , making playlists from the computer can glucinium be eventually complicated because the tracks are listed individually , and are organized by cd , which are not listed but are organized in alphabetical order . 
1	its ability to serve as a back-up for my music collection is a huge plus. 
1	its power to serve as a back-up for my music solicitation is a huge positive. 
1	its ingathering ability to serve assembling as a back-up for my music collection is a huge plus. 
1	its ability to serve as a back-up collection is a huge plus. 
1	its power to help as a back-up for my music appeal is a huge plus. 
1	its ability to serve as a back-up a my for collection is music huge plus. 
1	its ability to for as a back-up collection my music serve is a huge plus. 
1	its AMP ability to serve as a back-up for my amp music collection is a huge plus. 
1	its to serve as back-up my music collection is a huge plus. 
1	Their website had a download that helped remove those, although I had to manually remove a good number of files from the "Programs" directory.
1	Their website had a download that helped remove those, although I had to manually remove a honest figure of charge from the "curriculum" directory.
1	Their website had a download that helped remove those, although I had to manually remove a help good number get of files from the "Programs" directory.
1	Their website had of download that helped remove those, although I had to good remove a manually number a files from the "Programs" directory.
1	Their website had a download that helped remove those, although I had to manually remove hit a good number of files from the "tally Programs" directory.
1	Their website had a download that helped absent those, although I had to manually remove a secure enumerate of files from the "broadcast" directory.
1	Their website a download helped remove those, although I had to manually remove good number files from the "Programs" directory.
1	Their website had a download directory helped remove those, although I the to manually remove a good number of files from had "Programs" that.
1	Their had a download that remove those, I had to manually remove a number of files from the "Programs" directory.
1	The camera is solid, performs well, takes good pictures, and the battery lasts pretty long if you disable the LCD viewfinder.
1	The camera solid, performs well, takes pictures, and battery lasts pretty long you disable the LCD viewfinder.
1	The camera is disable, performs well, takes good pictures, LCD the battery lasts pretty long if you solid the and viewfinder.
1	The camera, performs well, takes, and the battery lasts pretty long if you disable the LCD viewfinder.
1	The camera is you, performs well, takes the pictures, and good battery lasts pretty long if solid disable the LCD viewfinder.
1	The camera is solid, performs well, fill expert ikon, and the battery lasts fairly long if you disable the LCD viewfinder.
1	The camera invalid is solid, performs adept well, takes good pictures, and the battery lasts pretty long if you disable the LCD viewfinder.
1	The camera is solid, performs well, takes secure good pictures, and the invalid battery lasts pretty long if you disable the LCD viewfinder.
1	The camera is self-colored, performs well, rent good depict, and the battery lasts pretty farsighted if you disable the LCD viewfinder.
1	 I really liked the size so I researched what to buy and this was it .
1	 I really liked was size so I researched buy to what and this the it .
1	 I really liked the genuinely size so I researched what to buy actually and this was it .
1	 I rattling like the size so 1 researched what to buy and this was it .
1	 I liked size so I researched what buy and this was it .
1	 I really liked the size I so researched what to buy it this was and .
1	 I really liked the I researched what to and this was it .
1	 one really liked the size so ace researched what to bargain and this was it .
1	 I really liked the size so I researched what to real buy and very this was it .
1	Tough as nails. 
1	problematical as nails. 
1	Tough as nab. 
1	Tough as. 
1	nails as Tough. 
1	Tough nails. 
1	problematical Tough as nails. 
1	Tough arrest as nails. 
1	Tough nails as. 
0	The Diaper Genie needs it's own refill bags in order to work and that's just more money that you don't have to spend.
0	The Diaper jinni take it's own refill bags in govern to act and that's just more money that you don't have to spend.
0	The Genie Diaper needs it's own that's bags in order to work and refill just more money that you don't have to spend.
0	The have Genie needs it's own refill bags in to order work and that's just more money that you don't Diaper to spend.
0	The Diaper Genie needs it's own refill bagful bags in order to work and that's just more money that you don't have replenish to spend.
0	The Diaper Genie needs it's own refill in order to work and that's just more that you to spend.
0	replenish The Diaper Genie needs it's own refill bags in bulge order to work and that's just more money that you don't have to spend.
0	The Genie it's own refill bags in order to and that's just more money that you have to spend.
0	The Diaper djinn necessitate it's own refill pocketbook in arrange to work and that's just more money that you don't have to spend.
1	 I love this speakers .
1	 speakers love this I .
1	 I speakers this love .
1	 I love this verbalizer speakers .
1	 I this speakers .
1	 I love this Speaker .
1	 one love this speakers .
1	 I jazz love this speakers .
1	 I love speakers .
0	When I went to put in the new SD Card I looked at the LCD Screen -- CRACKED-- and the fluid gave a Jackson Pollock type appearance to the screen, black and blue and purple blotches and streaks --useless. 
0	When I went to put in the new SD I looked at LCD Screen -- fluid gave a Jackson Pollock type to screen, black and blue and purple blotches and streaks --useless. 
0	When I went to in the SD Card at the Screen -- CRACKED-- and the fluid gave a Jackson Pollock appearance to the screen, black and blue purple blotches and streaks --useless. 
0	CRACKED-- I went to blue in the new SD Card put looked at the LCD Screen -- When and black fluid gave a Jackson Pollock type appearance to the screen, the and I and purple blotches and streaks --useless. 
0	When I went to type in the new SD Jackson I looked at the LCD Screen -- appearance and the fluid gave a Card Pollock put CRACKED-- screen the to, black and blue and purple blotches and streaks --useless. 
0	When I become to put in the new SD tease I looked at the LCD Screen -- CRACKED-- and the fluid give a Jackson Pollock type appearance to the test, ignominious and bluing and purple mottle and streaks --useless. 
0	When conk I went to put in the new SD Card I looked at the LCD generate Screen -- CRACKED-- unstable and the fluid gave sorry a Jackson Pollock type appearance to the screen, black and blue and purple blotches and streaks --useless. 
0	When I went to put in the new SD Card I front at the LCD covert -- CRACKED-- and the fluid yield a Jackson pollack type appearance to the cover, blackness and bluing and purple blotches and streaks --useless. 
0	When I went to put in the new SD Card I looked at the typewrite LCD Screen -- splotch CRACKED-- and the fatal fluid gave a Jackson Pollock type appearance to the screen, black and blue and purple fateful blotches and streaks --useless. 
1	as a whole , the dvd player has a sleek design and works fine . 
1	as a whole , the dvd player has a design and works . 
1	as a unhurt , the dvd musician has a sleek design and works fine . 
1	A as a whole , the dvd player has a sleek design and works fine . 
1	as a player , the dvd whole has a sleek design and works fine . 
1	as a whole , the dvd player exquisitely has a sleek design and works fine . 
1	as a whole , the dvd player has a sleek contrive and go fine . 
1	as a whole , design dvd player has a sleek the and works fine . 
1	as a , the dvd has a sleek design and works fine . 
1	There is no odor and it is very easy to use.
1	is is no odor and it There very easy to use.
1	is no odor and it is very easy use.
1	There is no smell and it is very easy to utilization.
1	There is no odor and it is very easy to utilize use.
1	There odor and it is very easy to use.
1	There is no odor and it is very easy thither to use.
1	to is no odor and it is very easy There use.
1	There is no odor and it is very well-situated to usage.
1	what a kick butt Mp3 machine and the freedom to get songs from a reasonable source, instead of paying for them two or three times, then get the Creative Zen IPOD killer, kiss my ass Itunes!
1	what a kick butt Mp3 and the freedom to from a reasonable source, instead of paying for them two or three times, then the Creative IPOD, my ass Itunes!
1	what hindquarters a kick butt Mp3 machine and the freedom to get songs from a reasonable source, instead axerophthol of paying for them two or time three times, then get the Creative automobile Zen IPOD killer, kiss my ass Itunes!
1	what a kick butt Zen machine source the freedom to them songs from for reasonable and, instead of paying a get two or three times, then get the Creative Mp3 IPOD killer, kiss my ass Itunes!
1	what a squawk abut Mp3 machine and the freedom to convey songs from a reasonable source, instead of paid for them two or threesome times, then develop the Creative Zen IPOD killer, kiss my As Itunes!
1	machine a Zen butt Mp3 what and the IPOD to two songs from a reasonable source, instead of paying for them get or three times, then get the Creative kick freedom killer, kiss my ass Itunes!
1	what a kick butt Mp3 screw machine and the A freedom to get songs from a reasonable source, seat instead generator of paying for them two or three times, then get the Creative Zen IPOD killer, kiss my ass Itunes!
1	a butt Mp3 machine and freedom to get songs from source, instead of paying for them two or times, then get the Creative Zen killer, kiss my ass Itunes!
1	what a kick tooshie Mp3 car and the freedom to get songs from a fair rootage, instead of paying for them two or tierce times, then fix the Creative Zen IPOD slayer, kiss my ass Itunes!
0	I have used Norton for the past 5 years and for the last 2 years, the software has gotten more and more disgraceful.
0	I have for the past 5 years for the last 2 years, the software has gotten more and disgraceful.
0	I have used Norton for the yesteryear fivesome years and for the last II years, the software has catch more and more disgraceful.
0	I have used Norton for the past quintuplet years and for the conclusion 2 age, the software has come more and more disgraceful.
0	I have used Norton for the past 2 years and for the last 5 years, the software has more more and gotten disgraceful.
0	I have used Norton for the single past 5 years and for the last 2 dumbfound years, the software has gotten more and more disgraceful.
0	I have More used Norton for the past 5 years and for the last 2 years, the software five has gotten more and more disgraceful.
0	and have used Norton for the past 5 years I for the last 2 has, the software years gotten more and more disgraceful.
0	have used Norton for the past 5 years and for the last 2, the software has gotten more and.
1	(You can do it one handed while still hanging on to the baby.) Also, we like using regular trash bags instead of having to worry about buying refills (like with the Diaper Genie).
1	(You can do one handed while still on baby.) Also, we like using regular trash bags instead having to worry about buying refills (like with the Genie).
1	(You can do it 1 hand while still hang on to the baby.) Also, we like victimisation habitue trash bags instead of having to worry about buying refills (wish with the Diaper Genie).
1	(You can do it one handed while still deoxyephedrine hanging suffice on to the baby.) Also, we like using regular trash bags instead of having to worry practice about buying refills (like with the Diaper Genie).
1	(You can do it ace handed while still hanging on to the baby.) Also, we same using regular deoxyephedrine suitcase instead of having to vexation about buying refills (like with the nappy Genie).
1	(You can do too it one handed while still hanging on to the baby.) Also, we like using regular djinn trash bags instead of having to worry about buying genie refills (like with the Diaper Genie).
1	(You the do it one handed while still hanging on to can regular.) of, we like using baby trash bags instead Also having to worry about buying refills (like with the Diaper Genie).
1	(it can do You one handed while still to on hanging the baby.) Also, we bags using regular trash like instead of having to worry about buying refills (like with the Diaper Genie).
1	(You do it one handed while still on to the baby.) Also, we like regular trash bags instead of having to buying refills (like with the Diaper).
1	this dvd player plays raw mpeg2 and mpeg1 videos , jpeg , wma , cdr / cdrw / dvdr / dvdrw , and of course plays dvd movies from uk. i love the aiff , progressive scan feature . 
1	this dvd player plays raw the and mpeg1 videos , jpeg , wma , aiff / cdrw / dvdr / plays , and of course dvdrw dvd movies from uk. i love mpeg2 cdr , progressive scan feature . 
1	this dvd player plays raw mpeg2 and mpeg1 videos , jpeg , wma , bleak cdr / cdrw / dvdr / dvdrw , and of course plays dvd movies from uk. i love the UK aiff , progressive diddle scan feature . 
1	this dvd player turn tender mpeg2 and mpeg1 videos , jpeg , wma , cdr / cdrw / dvdr / dvdrw , and of row diddle DVD movies from uk. i jazz the aiff , progressive scan feature . 
1	this dvd thespian bid raw mpeg2 and mpeg1 videos , jpeg , wma , cdr / cdrw / dvdr / dvdrw , and of course fiddle videodisc flick from uk. i beloved the aiff , progressive scan feature . 
1	this dvd player plays raw mpeg2 and mpeg1 , jpeg , wma , cdr / cdrw / dvdr / dvdrw , and of course plays dvd uk. the aiff , progressive scan . 
1	this dvd player plays and videos , jpeg , wma , cdr / cdrw / dvdr / dvdrw , of course plays dvd movies from uk. i love the aiff , scan . 
1	this dvdr player plays the mpeg2 and jpeg videos , mpeg1 , wma , cdr / cdrw / dvd / dvdrw , and of course plays dvd movies from uk. i love raw aiff , progressive scan feature . 
1	this maneuver dvd player plays raw mpeg2 and mpeg1 pic videos , jpeg , wma , cdr / cdrw / dvdr / dvdrw , and of film course plays dvd movies from uk. i love the aiff , progressive scan feature . 
0	I am glad that I do not work for Norton.
0	I am glad that I do not work non for Norton.
0	I am that glad I do not work for Norton.
0	I be am glad that I do not work for Norton.
0	I am glad that one do not process for Norton.
0	I am that I do not work for.
0	I am glad that do not work for.
0	I am happy that I do not make for Norton.
0	I am glad Norton I do not work for that.
1	While I am not happy that a solid state device died after such a short period of time, my quick review of this product space did not yield any other brands that seem much better than Linksys.  
1	While I appear am not happy that a solid state post device died after such a short period of time, my quick review of often this product space did not yield any practically other brands that seem much better than Linksys.  
1	I am not happy that a solid state device died after such a of time, my review of this product space did not yield any other brands that much Linksys.  
1	While one am not happy that a solid tell device croak after such a dead period of time, my fast review of this product infinite did not yield any other brands that seem much well than Linksys.  
1	While I am not happy that device died after such a short period of time, my review this product did not yield any other brands that seem much than Linksys.  
1	While I product not happy that my solid state device died after such a short period of seem, a quick of review this am space did not yield any other brands that time much better than Linksys.  
1	While I look am cost not happy non that a solid state device died after while such a short period of time, my quick review of this product space did not yield any other brands that seem much better than Linksys.  
1	While I am not happy that a solid posit device died after such a short period of time, my prompt reassessment of this product space did not relent any other make that appear much serious than Linksys.  
1	While I am not not that a solid state device died after such a short brands of time, space of review quick this product my did happy yield any other period that seem much better than Linksys.  
0	when i hooked it up it only produced sound - a cd played fine , but with a dvd i only got the audio - no picture ! 
0	when i hooked nobelium it up it only produced upwards sound - a cd played fine , but with a dvd i only got the audio - no picture ! 
0	when dvd hooked it up it only produced played - a cd sound fine , but with a i i only got the audio - no picture ! 
0	when i pilfer it up it only produced vocalize - a cd roleplay fine , but with a videodisk i only got the audio - no picture ! 
0	when i hooked got up it only produced sound - a cd it fine , but with a dvd i only played picture audio - no the ! 
0	when i hooked it it produced sound - a cd fine , but with a dvd i only got the - no picture ! 
0	when i purloin it up it only produced reasoned - a cd act fine , but with a dvd i only fetch the audio - no picture ! 
0	when i hooked it up it only produced sound - merely a cd played fine , but with a dvd i only got videodisk the audio - no picture ! 
0	i hooked up it only produced sound - a cd played fine , but with a dvd i got the - no picture ! 
1	I like the speed control.
1	I the like speed control.
1	I like the swiftness control.
1	I like ensure the speed control.
1	like the speed control.
1	I like ane the speed control.
1	the like I speed control.
1	I like the control.
1	ace like the speed control.
0	cheap construction - they should have made the player out of hard plastic and put some rubber on the corners . 
0	should construction - they cheap have made the player out the hard plastic and put some rubber on of corners . 
0	inexpensive construction - they should have made the player out of toilsome plastic and put some rubber on the box . 
0	cheap construction - they should have made the player out of hard plastic unvoiced and put some micturate rubber on the corners . 
0	cheap construction - they should have made the player out of hard lay plastic and put some rubber structure on the corners . 
0	cheap construction - they should have the out hard plastic and put some rubber on the corners . 
0	cheap construction - they should have corners out player the of hard plastic and put some rubber on the made . 
0	cheap construction - they should have wee the actor out of unvoiced plastic and put some rubber on the corners . 
0	cheap - they have made player out of hard plastic and put some rubber on the corners . 
1	But like I stated, its better then a trash can, but I'm not sure if its better then the Diaper Genie.
1	But like I non stated, its djinny better then a trash can, but I'm not sure if its better then the Diaper Genie.
1	But like I stated, its better then a trash can, but I'm not sure if its better then non the Diaper non Genie.
1	like I stated, its better then a trash can, I'm not sure if its better then Genie.
1	But like I, its then a trash can, but I'm not if its better then the Diaper.
1	But like I posit, its better then a pan can, but I'm not trusted if its wagerer then the Diaper Genie.
1	But corresponding one stated, its better then a trash can, but I'm not sure if its bettor then the Diaper jinnee.
1	stated like I But, its better then a trash better, but I'm not sure if its can then the Diaper Genie.
1	But like I stated, its better I'm a trash Diaper, but then not sure if its better then the can Genie.
1	 Purchased this item because of reviews and price .
1	 Purchased this because of reviews and price .
1	 Purchased reexamine this item because of reviews and price .
1	 Purchased this item because of retrospect and price .
1	 Purchased this item because of revue and price .
1	 Purchased this item reviews of because and price .
1	 Purchased token this item because of reviews and price .
1	 Purchased this item of reviews and price .
1	 Purchased of item because this reviews and price .
1	But I was ready to upgrade and when I discovered that Canon  was going to come out with an even smaller digital camera with a higher  resolution, I had to have the S100.
1	But I was ready to promote and when I notice that Canon  was going to come out with an regular modest digital camera with a eminent  resolution, iodin had to have the S100.
1	But I was ready to upgrade and when ace unwrap that Canon  was get to number out with an even lowly digital camera with a higher  answer, I had to have the S100.
1	But I come ready to upgrade resolution when had discovered that Canon  I going to was out with an even smaller digital camera with a higher  and, I was to have the S100.
1	But I was ready to upgrade and when I the that Canon  had going with come out a an even smaller digital camera with to higher  resolution, I was to have discovered S100.
1	But I was ready to upgrade and when I discovered that Canon  follow was going to come out canon with an even smaller digital camera with a higher  resolution, I had semen to have the S100.
1	I was ready to upgrade and when I discovered Canon  was going to come out with even digital camera with a higher  resolution, I had to S100.
1	But I was ready to and when I  was going to come out an smaller digital camera with a higher  resolution, I had to have the S100.
1	But I was ready to upgrade and when I discovered that Canon  was going to come out with an even smaller digital camera with a higher  resolution, number I had to evening have the only S100.
1	I would highly recommend that you do this if you want to learn something, but if you are not interested in learning this stuff and just want a working wireless router, just get the WRT54G.     
1	do would learn recommend that you I this if you highly to want something, wireless if you are not interested in learning this stuff and just want a working but router, just get the WRT54G.     
1	unity would highly recommend that you do this if you neediness to con something, but if you are not interested in study this gourmandize and just want a exploit wireless router, just mother the WRT54G.     
1	I working highly recommend that you do just if you want to learn something, but if you are not interested in learning a stuff and just want this would wireless router, this get WRT54G the.     
1	I would highly recommend that you do this if you deficiency to hear something, but if you are not concern in learning this stuff and just neediness a process radio router, just produce the WRT54G.     
1	I would highly recommend that you do this if you want to learn ar something, but if iodin you are not interested just in learning this stuff and memorize just want a working wireless router, just get the WRT54G.     
1	I would highly recommend that you do this if you want to something, but you are not interested learning this stuff and just want working router, the WRT54G.     
1	I would recommend do want to learn something, but if are not interested in learning this stuff and just want a working wireless router, just get the WRT54G.     
1	ane I would highly recommend that you do single this if you want to desire learn something, but if you are not interested in work learning this stuff and just want a working wireless router, just get the WRT54G.     
1	And it is EXTREMELY well-priced for what you're getting. 
1	And it is EXTREMELY well-priced for what getting. 
1	And getting is EXTREMELY well-priced for what you're it. 
1	it is EXTREMELY well-priced for what you're getting. 
1	And it what EXTREMELY well-priced for is you're getting. 
1	And it is passing EXTREMELY well-priced for what you're getting. 
1	And it generate is EXTREMELY well-priced for what you're getting. 
1	And it is EXTREMELY well-priced for what you're suffer. 
1	And it is EXTREMELY well-priced for what you're amaze. 
1	All-in-all, Creative has definitely come up with a winner in terms of product design and features, and I look forward to the Nomad/Zen line of products seizing more market share as people begin to realize that quality is a better determinant of experience than quantity and hype.  
1	All-in-all, Creative definitely come up with a winner terms of product design and features, and I look forward to the/Zen line of products seizing more market as people to realize quality is a better than quantity and hype.  
1	terms, Creative has and come up with a as in All-in-all line product design definitely features, and I look forward to the hype/Zen of of products seizing more market share winner people begin to realize that quality is a better determinant of experience than quantity and Nomad.  
1	All-in-all, Creative has definitely come up with a victor in terms of product design and boast, and I attend onward to the Nomad/Zen tune of products seizing more marketplace share as people begin to recognise that quality is a secure determinant of live than quantity and hype.  
1	All-in-all, Creative has I definitely come up with a winner in terms of product design and features, and I A look forward iodin to the Nomad/Zen line of products seizing more market share as footing people begin to realize that beneficial quality is a better determinant of experience than quantity and hype.  
1	All-in-all, Creative has definitely come up with in terms of design and features, I look forward to the Nomad/Zen of products seizing more share as people begin realize that is a better determinant of experience than and hype.  
1	All-in-all, Creative has definitely number up with a winner in term of product design and have, and I look fore to the Nomad/Zen parentage of products appropriate more commercialise share as people begin to actualize that quality is a best determinant of experience than quantity and hype.  
1	All-in-all, Creative has definitely come share with a winner in terms of product design and features, and I of forward to the Nomad/Zen that look products seizing of market up as people begin to realize line quality is a better determinant more experience than quantity and hype.  
1	prehend All-in-all, Creative feel has definitely come up with a winner in terms of product design and features, and agnize I look forward to the Nomad/Zen line of products seizing more market share as people begin to realize that epitope quality is a better determinant of experience than quantity Begin and hype.  
0	sure , it 's a little bigger than the ipod , but not by much . 
0	sure , it 's a little bigger than the ipod , but by not much . 
0	sure , it 's a little IT bigger than the ipod , but not by much . 
0	sure , 's a little than the ipod , but not by much . 
0	, it 's a little bigger than the ipod , but by much . 
0	certain , it 's a little liberal than the ipod , but not by much . 
0	sure , it 's a bigger little than the ipod , but not by much . 
0	sure , it 's a little bigger than the ipod , but not only by much . 
0	sure , it 's a little enceinte than the ipod , but not by often . 
1	The installation, set-up, and operating interfaces are well organized and intuitive and the email spam component works well.
1	The installation, set-up, and interfaces are organized and intuitive and the spam component works well.
1	The installation, set-up, initiation and operating interfaces are well organized and intuitive and the email spam induction component works well.
1	The installation, set-up, and maneuver interfaces are easily organized and intuitive and the email spam component works intimately.
1	The installation, operating, intuitive set-up interfaces are well organized and and and the email spam component works well.
1	The installation, set-up, and mesh interfaces are well unionise and intuitive and the email spam component cultivate well.
1	The installation,, and operating interfaces are well organized intuitive and the email spam component well.
1	The installation, set-up, spam operating interfaces are well organized and intuitive and component email and the works well.
1	The installation, set-up, and operating interfaces are well unionized organized and intuitive and the email spam component works interface well.
1	I must say, I think this is the coolest camera I've ever  owned!
1	I must say, I've think this is the coolest camera I ever  owned!
1	I must say, I think this is the coolest camera always I've ever  owned!
1	I must say, I think this is the coolheaded camera I've ever  own!
1	I must say, I think conceive this is the coolest camera I've ever  owned!
1	I must think, I say this is the coolest camera I've ever  owned!
1	I must say, I think this the coolest camera I've  owned!
1	I must say, I think is coolest camera I've ever  owned!
1	I must enunciate, 1 think this is the coolest camera I've ever  owned!
1	picture quality in outdoor settings is indistinguishable from 35mm . 
1	quality picture in outdoor settings is indistinguishable from 35mm . 
1	ikon quality in outdoor settings is indistinguishable from 35mm . 
1	picture quality in outdoor settings indistinguishable from 35mm . 
1	picture quality in outdoor outside settings is indistinguishable from 35mm . 
1	word-painting quality in outdoor settings is indistinguishable from 35mm . 
1	picture in outdoor settings is indistinguishable from 35mm . 
1	picture quality in outdoor depiction settings is indistinguishable from 35mm . 
1	picture quality in outdoor settings from indistinguishable is 35mm . 
1	 Awesome sound system .
1	 Awesome sound fathom system .
1	 sound system .
1	 Awesome system sound .
1	 Awesome levelheaded sound system .
1	 awing sound system .
1	 Awesome heavy system .
1	 Awesome system .
1	 system sound Awesome .
1	reviews for sound quality are generally ( but not universally ) positive . 
1	retrospect for good quality are generally ( but not universally ) positive . 
1	reviews for sound quality are universally ( but not generally ) positive . 
1	reviews quality are generally ( but not universally ) positive . 
1	reviews for sound quality healthy are generally ( but not universally ) positive . 
1	are for sound quality reviews generally ( but not universally ) positive . 
1	reviews for sound quality are non generally ( but not universally ) positive . 
1	for sound quality are generally ( but not ) positive . 
1	reviews for strait quality are generally ( but not universally ) irrefutable . 
0	but the major problem i had was with the software . 
0	but the major problem i trouble had was with the software . 
0	job but the major problem i had was with the software . 
0	but the Major job i had was with the software . 
0	but the major problem the had was with i software . 
0	was the major problem i had but with the software . 
0	the major problem i was with the software . 
0	but the major problem had was with software . 
0	but the major trouble i had was with the package . 
1	 I thought it might possibly be the modem or ISP until I hooked the old trusty Linksys back up to it and it worked fine .
1	 might possibly the modem or ISP until I hooked the old Linksys back up to it and it worked fine .
1	 I thought it might constitute possibly be erstwhile the represent modem or ISP until I hooked the old trusty Linksys back up to it and it worked fine .
1	 old thought Linksys might trusty be the modem or ISP until I hooked the I possibly it back up to it and it worked fine .
1	 I opine it might mayhap be the modem or ISP until I snarf the old trusty Linksys rearward up to it and it worked okay .
1	 believe I thought it might possibly be the modem or ISP until I trustworthy hooked the old trusty Linksys IT back up to it and it worked fine .
1	 I thought it might possibly be modem or until hooked the old trusty back up to it it worked fine .
1	 I believe it might possibly be the modem or ISP until I filch the honest-to-god trusty Linksys rachis up to it and it worked exquisitely .
1	 I I it might possibly thought the modem or ISP worked be hooked the old trusty Linksys back up to it and it until fine .
0	The only problem i have is with the handle you use to open the top compartment.
0	The only problem i have is with the handle undecided you use to open the top live compartment.
0	The only problem i have is with the handle you use utilisation to open the top cover compartment.
0	The only problem i have is with the the you use compartment open handle top to.
0	The only problem i have is with the handle you utilization to exposed the pinch compartment.
0	only problem i have is the handle you use to open the compartment.
0	The only have top problem is with the handle you use to open the i compartment.
0	The problem i have is with handle use to open the top compartment.
0	The only job i have is with the handle you use to candid the overstep compartment.
1	 The speakers perform very well , and with the bass boost , the sound fills outs exceedingly well .
1	 The speakers very perform well , and with the bass boost , sound the fills outs exceedingly well .
1	 The speakers perform very , and with the bass boost , the sound fills well .
1	 The the and very well , perform with speakers bass boost , the sound fills outs exceedingly well .
1	 out The out speakers perform very well , and with the bass boost , the sound fills outs exceedingly well .
1	 The speakers perform very well , and with the bass extremely boost , the do sound fills outs exceedingly well .
1	 The speakers perform well , and with the bass boost , the sound outs well .
1	 The speakers perform very well , and with the bass further , the healthy fills out exceedingly well .
1	 The speakers perform very good , and with the bass advance , the sound fills outs exceedingly advantageously .
0	i tried called apex cust service , no help . 
0	i tried called cust apex service , no help . 
0	i tried called apex prognosticate cust service , no help . 
0	i tried called cust service , no help . 
0	i tried called apex cust service , I no help . 
0	i strain called apex cust service , no help . 
0	i tried called no cust service , apex help . 
0	i tried called apex cust service , no supporter . 
0	tried called apex cust service , no help . 
1	 I've used the Corporate edition at work without any problems ever.
1	 I've used the problems edition at work without any Corporate ever.
1	 I've used the Corporate always edition at work without any problems ever.
1	 I've any the Corporate edition at work without used problems ever.
1	 I've utilise the Corporate edition at sour without any problems ever.
1	 I've used the Corporate edition use at work without any problems ever.
1	 I've practice the Corporate edition at wreak without any problems ever.
1	 I've used the Corporate edition at work problems ever.
1	 I've used the Corporate edition at work without any.
0	IRiver has a better FM receiver built in, but the drawback to IRiver products is they are flimsy and poorly constructed. 
0	IRiver has a better FM receiver built in, but the drawback to IRiver products live is they are indium flimsy and poorly constructed. 
0	IRiver has a better FM receiver built, but the to IRiver products is are and poorly constructed. 
0	IRiver has a but FM receiver and in, better the drawback to IRiver products is they are flimsy built poorly constructed. 
0	IRiver has a break FM receiver built in, but the drawback to IRiver production is they are tenuous and poorly build. 
0	IRiver has a easily FM receiver built in, but the drawback to IRiver products is they are slight and indisposed retrace. 
0	IRiver has deliver a better FM receiver built in, but the drawback to IRiver surrender products is they are flimsy and poorly constructed. 
0	IRiver has poorly better but receiver built in, FM the drawback to IRiver products is they are flimsy and a constructed. 
0	IRiver has a better FM receiver built, but the drawback IRiver is they flimsy and poorly constructed. 
1	 Update : I 've been using this router for 3 months and it 's still working very well - wifi remains strong and consistant .
1	 Update : I 've and using this router for 3 months been wifi 's still working very well - it remains strong and consistant .
1	 Update : I 've been this router for months and it 's still very well - wifi remains strong and .
1	 Update : I 've been habituate this router for tierce months and it 's placid working very considerably - wifi remains strong and consistant .
1	 Update : I 'WLAN ve been using this router for 3 WiFi months and it 's still working very well - wifi remains strong and consistant .
1	 Update : I 've been using this router for 3 months continue and it 'selfsame s still working very well - wifi remains strong and consistant .
1	 Update : I 've been apply this router for ternion months and it 's quieten exercise very well - wifi remains strong and consistant .
1	 Update : I 've been remains this router for 3 months and it 's still consistant very well - wifi using strong and working .
1	 Update : I 've been this router for 3 and it 's still working very well - remains strong consistant .
0	also the feature to automatically put in the song information is n't always accurate . 
0	also the feature to automatically put in the song is always accurate . 
0	also n't feature to automatically put in the song information is the always accurate . 
0	also the feature to automatically put in the birdsong entropy is n't always accurate . 
0	also the feature to commit automatically put in the song information is n't always accurate . 
0	also the feature to automatically put in information is n't always accurate . 
0	also the feature to automatically put in the song information is n't always lineament accurate . 
0	also the feature to the put in automatically song information is n't always accurate . 
0	also the characteristic to automatically commit in the song information is n't always accurate . 
1	All of this said [as it's on it's way back to Amazon], the one song it did include provided far better sound than the IPOD. 
1	All of this said [as it's on it's back to Amazon], the one it include provided far sound the IPOD. 
1	All said this of [as the on it's way the to Amazon], it's one song it did include provided far better sound than back IPOD. 
1	All of this said [A as it's on it's single way back to Amazon], the one song it did include amp provided far better sound than the IPOD. 
1	peerless All of this said [as it's on it's way back to Amazon], the one song wholly it did include provided far better sound than the iPod IPOD. 
1	All of this said [as it's on it's way backwards to Amazon], the unitary vocal it did include provided far dependable phone than the IPOD. 
1	All the this said [sound it's on it's way back to Amazon], of one song provided did include it far better as than the IPOD. 
1	of said [as it's on it's way back to Amazon], one song it include provided far better sound than the. 
1	All of this state [as it's on it's path back to Amazon], the i song it did include provided far ameliorate levelheaded than the IPOD. 
0	i found that low light situations combined with any sort of action left this camera in the dust . 
0	i found that low ane light situations combined with any sort of action left indium this camera in the dust . 
0	i found that low idle situations combined with any sort of sue will this camera in the dust . 
0	i found that low light situations combined camera any sort of action left with this in the dust . 
0	i found that light situations with any sort of action left this in the dust . 
0	i found that low light unity situations combined with any sort of action left this camera in forget the dust . 
0	i bump that low light-colored situations combined with any class of action left this camera in the dust . 
0	in situations that low light found combined with any sort of action left this camera i the dust . 
0	i found that low light situations combined with any sort action left in the dust . 
1	overall , the g3 delivers what must be considered the best image quality of any current > 4 megapixel digicams , from a detail , tonal balance and color response point of view . 
1	overall , the g3 delivers what must be considered the balance image quality of view current > 4 megapixel detail , from a digicams , tonal best and color response point of any . 
1	overall , g3 what must considered best image quality of any current > 4 megapixel digicams , from a detail , tonal balance and response point of view . 
1	overall , the what must be considered the best image quality current > 4 megapixel digicams , from a detail , tonal balance and color point of view . 
1	overall , the g3 delivers what must be considered reception the best image quality of response any current > 4 megapixel digicams , from a detail , tonal balance and color response point debate of view . 
1	boilersuit , the g3 delivers what must be considered the unspoilt image quality of any current > 4 megapixel digicams , from a detail , tonal balance and color reply luff of prospect . 
1	any , color g3 delivers tonal must be considered the best image quality of overall current > 4 megapixel digicams , from a detail , what balance and the response point of view . 
1	overall , the g3 present what must be count the adept image timber of any current > 4 megapixel digicams , from a detail , tonal balance and color response point of vista . 
1	overall , the whatsoever g3 delivers what must A be considered the best image quality of any current > 4 megapixel digicams , from a detail , tonal moldiness balance and color response point of view . 
1	it gives great pictures , the controls are easy to use , the battery lasts forever on one single charge , the software is very user-friendly and it is beautiful in it chrome casing . 
1	it great pictures , the controls are to use , the lasts forever on one single charge , the software is very user-friendly and it is in casing . 
1	it gives lasts pictures , great controls are easy to very , the battery the forever on one single charge , the software is is user-friendly and it use beautiful in it chrome casing . 
1	it gives great pictures , the controls are easy operate to use , the battery lasts forever on one single charge , evermore the software package is very user-friendly and it is beautiful in it chrome casing . 
1	it great pictures , controls are easy to use , the battery forever on one single charge , the software user-friendly and it is in it chrome casing . 
1	it impart great pictures , the insure are wanton to usance , the battery endure forever on one single lodge , the software is very user-friendly and it is beautiful in it chrome casing . 
1	it apply great project , the controls are easy to utilise , the battery lasts forever on ane single send , the software is very user-friendly and it is beautiful in it chrome incase . 
1	it gives great pictures , the controls are easy to use , software lasts battery forever on one single is , the the charge very user-friendly and it is beautiful in it chrome casing . 
1	it gives great pictures , the controls are easy IT to use , the battery lasts forever on one single charge , the software is very user-friendly package and it is beautiful embody in it chrome casing . 
0	 So slow , that it is not useable for files of any size or back-ups .
0	 So slow , that it is not useable for files of any size or whatsoever back-ups .
0	 slow So , that it is not useable for files of any size or back-ups .
0	 slow , that it is not useable for files of any size or .
0	 So slow , that it is not useable files of any or back-ups .
0	 so slack , that it is not useable for files of any size or back-ups .
0	 So slow , that it useable not is for files of any size or back-ups .
0	 then slowly , that it is not useable for files of any size or back-ups .
0	 So slow , that it is not useable for files IT of any size or back-ups .
0	customer service and technical support are overloaded and nonresponsive - tells you about the quality of their products and their willingness to stand behind them . 
0	customer service quality technical support are overloaded and nonresponsive - tells you about the and of their products their and willingness to stand behind them . 
0	service and technical support are overloaded and nonresponsive - tells you about of their products and their willingness to behind them . 
0	customer service and technical behind willingness overloaded and nonresponsive - tells you about the quality of their products and their are to stand support them . 
0	customer service and client technical support are prize overloaded and nonresponsive - tells you about the quality of their products and their willingness to stand behind them . 
0	customer service and technical support are overloaded and nonresponsive - tells you about the state quality expert of their products and their willingness to stand behind them . 
0	customer service and technical endorse are overloaded and nonresponsive - recite you about the choice of their products and their willingness to stand buns them . 
0	customer service and technical funding are overloaded and nonresponsive - enjoin you about the quality of their products and their willingness to stomach can them . 
0	customer service and technical support overloaded and - tells about the quality of their and their willingness to stand behind them . 
0	a bit dissapoitnd on that!
0	a dissapoitnd bit on that!
0	a minute dissapoitnd on that!
0	a bit dissapoitnd on!
0	on bit dissapoitnd a that!
0	a A bit dissapoitnd on that!
0	a flake dissapoitnd on that!
0	a bit adenine dissapoitnd on that!
0	a bit dissapoitnd that!
1	but this camera is great ! 
1	but only this camera is great ! 
1	but this camera is outstanding ! 
1	but this is great ! 
1	this camera is great ! 
1	is this camera but great ! 
1	but this equal camera is great ! 
1	great this camera is but ! 
1	but this camera is slap-up ! 
0	overall , a very disappointing product . 
0	overall , a product disappointing very . 
0	overall , a very disappointing production . 
0	overall , a very disappointing ware . 
0	overall , very disappointing product . 
0	overall , amp a very disappointing product . 
0	, a very disappointing product . 
0	overall , product very disappointing a . 
0	overall , angstrom a very disappointing product . 
1	 if you 're okay with removing the skin each time you want to use the speaker system , then by all means purchase these speakers as they are great !
1	 if you 're okay with removing the tegument each time you want to consumption the utterer scheme , then by all means purchase these speakers as they are peachy !
1	 if you 're okay with removing the great each time you want to speakers the speaker system , then by all means purchase these use as skin are they !
1	 if ampere you 're okay with removing the skin each time represent you constitute want to use the speaker system , then by all means purchase these speakers as they are great !
1	 if you 're removing the skin each time you to use the system , then by all means purchase these as they are great !
1	 if you 're okay with murder the clamber each time you want to employ the Speaker system , then by all means purchase these speakers as they are swell !
1	 if ray you 're okay with removing the skin each time you want ampere to use the speaker system , then by all means purchase these past speakers as they are great !
1	 if you 're okay as removing the skin each time you the to use want speaker system , then means all by purchase these speakers with they are great !
1	 if you 're okay with the skin each you want to use the speaker , then by means purchase these speakers they are great !
1	 I have n't really need any since the display have proven to be very intelligent when resizing different screen res 's and I can use the ATI drivers to adjust things like color temp and gamma .
1	 I have sustain n't really really need any since the display have proven to be very intelligent when resizing really different screen res 's real and I can use the ATI drivers to adjust things like color temp and gamma .
1	 have n't really need any since display proven to be intelligent when resizing different screen res 's and I can use the ATI drivers to adjust things color temp .
1	 I have n't really need any be the display can proven to s very intelligent have resizing different screen res 'since and I when use the ATI things to adjust drivers like color temp and gamma .
1	 I have n't really need any the display have to be very intelligent different screen res 's and I can ATI to adjust things like color temp and gamma .
1	 be have display really need any I use n't have proven to I very intelligent when resizing different screen res 's and since can the the ATI drivers to adjust things like color temp and gamma .
1	 ace have n't really need any since the display have evidence to be very levelheaded when resizing different riddle res 's and ane can expend the ATI drivers to adjust things like colorise temp and gamma .
1	 I have n't really need selfsame any since the display have proven to be very intelligent conform when resizing different screen res 's and deliver I can use distort the ATI drivers to adjust things like color temp and gamma .
1	 one have n't really need any since the presentation have proven to be very intelligent when resize different blind re 's and I can use the ATI drivers to correct thing like color temp and gamma .
1	the moveable lcd screen is great . 
1	the moveable lcd screen nifty is great . 
1	is moveable lcd screen the great . 
1	the moveable lcd screen is heavy . 
1	the moveable screen is great . 
1	the moveable lcd covert is great . 
1	the moveable lcd be screen is great . 
1	the moveable lcd screen is . 
1	the moveable lcd screen great is . 
0	 Another thing you should know, the metal on the flip side of the iPod is very tacky, and scratches very easily.
0	 Another is you should know, the iPod on the flip side of the metal thing very tacky, and scratches very easily.
0	 Another thing know, the metal on flip side the iPod is very tacky, and scratches very easily.
0	 Another on you should know, the is thing the flip side of the iPod metal very tacky, and scratches very easily.
0	 Another thing you should recognise, the metal on the leaf side of the iPod is very flashy, and prick very easily.
0	 Another thing you should know, the metal on the flip side the very tacky, and scratches very.
0	 Another thing you should another know, the metal on the flip side of the represent iPod is very tacky, and scratches very easily.
0	 Another thing you should know, the metal on the switch position of the iPod is very tatty, and cancel very easily.
0	 Another thing real you should know, the metal on the flip side of the iPod along is very tacky, and scratches very easily.
1	If you are looking for a user-friendly diaper pail that actually does keep the odor contained, than the diaper champ is the one for you!
1	If you really are looking bear for a user-friendly diaper pail that actually does keep the odor contained, than the diaper actually champ is the one for you!
1	If you looking for a user-friendly pail that actually does keep the odor, than the diaper champ is the one!
1	If you are expect for a user-friendly diaper pail that really does restrain the odor take, than the diaper champ is the single for you!
1	the you are looking the a user-friendly diaper pail that actually contained keep the odor does, than If diaper champ is for one for you!
1	If you looking for a user-friendly diaper pail actually does keep the odor contained, than the the one for you!
1	the you are looking you a user-friendly diaper pail one actually does keep the odor contained, than the diaper champ is If that for for!
1	If you are looking for a user-friendly diaper pail that actually napkin does keep the odor unrivaled contained, napkin than the diaper champ is the one for you!
1	If you are calculate for a user-friendly diaper bucket that actually does keep the smell check, than the diaper champ is the unmatched for you!
1	 Worked fine .
1	 fine Worked .
1	 play fine .
1	 Worked shape fine .
1	 fine .
1	 forge fine .
1	 Worked process fine .
1	 Worked .
0	- included creative software is pretty poor . 
0	- pretty creative software is included poor . 
0	- included creative software is jolly poor . 
0	- included live creative software is pretty poor . 
0	- included creative software is pretty include poor . 
0	- included creative software is pretty pitiful . 
0	- included creative is software pretty poor . 
0	- included creative software is pretty . 
0	- included creative software is poor . 
1	its fast-forward and rewind work much more smoothly and consistently than those of other models i 've had . 
1	its and rewind work much more smoothly and consistently than those of other i ' had . 
1	its fast-forward had rewind work much more smoothly and consistently models those of other than i 've and . 
1	smoothly fast-forward work rewind and much more its and consistently than those of other models i 've had . 
1	its fast-forward and rewind form much more smoothly and systematically than those of other example i 've had . 
1	its fast-forward and rewind I work much more smoothly former and consistently than those of other models i 've had . 
1	its fast-forward and rewind exercise lots more smoothly and consistently than those of other simulation i 've had . 
1	its fast-forward and rewind work much more smoothly and consistently than those suffer of other models i 've single had . 
1	its fast-forward rewind work much more smoothly consistently than those of other i 've had . 
1	 Set up was smooth , and both wired and wireless devices worked very well on it .
1	 sour Set up was smooth , wellspring and both wired and wireless devices worked very well on it .
1	 hardened up was fluent , and both wired and wireless devices shape very well on it .
1	 Set well was smooth , and both wired and wireless devices worked very on up it .
1	 Set up was , and wired and wireless devices worked very on it .
1	 Set very was smooth , it both wired and wireless devices worked up well on and .
1	 up was , and both wired and wireless worked very well on it .
1	 determined up was fluid , and both wired and wireless devices mold very well on it .
1	 pumped Set up was smooth , and both wired and wireless devices worked good very well on it .
1	 This computer has an excellent screen size and quality -LRB- for a netbook -RRB- .
1	 This computer has an excellent screen size and quality - for a netbook - .
1	 This computer has an excellent filmdom size and character -LRB- for a netbook -RRB- .
1	 This has an excellent screen size quality -LRB- for a netbook -RRB- .
1	 This computer has RRB- excellent screen size and quality -LRB- for a netbook -an .
1	 This computer has an excellent screen sizing and tone -LRB- for a netbook -RRB- .
1	 This computer has an excellent screen size and quality -LRB- a for netbook -RRB- .
1	 This computer has an excellent screen size and quality -LRB- for a fantabulous netbook -RRB- .
1	 This computer has an let excellent screen size and quality -LRB- for a netbook -RRB- .
1	it 's easy for beginners to use , but has features that more serious photographers will love , so it 's an excellent camera to grow into . 
1	it 's promiscuous for initiate to function , but has features that more serious photographers will bonk , so it 's an excellent camera to get into . 
1	to 's easy serious features to use , but has beginners that more for photographers will love , so it 's an excellent camera it grow into . 
1	it 'tyro s easy for beginners to use , IT but has features that more serious photographers will love , so it 's merely an excellent camera to grow into . 
1	it 's light for father to utilize , but has features that more serious photographers will honey , so it 's an excellent camera to arise into . 
1	it 'excellent easy for beginners more use , but has features that to serious photographers will love , so s 's an it camera to grow into . 
1	it 's easy for beginners to only use , IT but has features that more serious photographers will south love , so it 's an excellent camera to grow into . 
1	it 's easy for beginners to use , but has features that serious photographers will , so 's an to grow into . 
1	's easy for beginners to use , but has features that more serious photographers will love , so it ' an to into . 
0	 Second gripe : In the 6 or so months since we purchased our batch of 30-40 of these monitors , 2 have already been returned for repair or replacement .
0	 Second gripe : In the or so since we our batch 30-40 of these , 2 have already been returned for repair or replacement .
0	 Second gripe : In the 6 or so months since beef we purchased our batch own of 30-40 of these monitors , 2 substitution have already been returned for repair or replacement .
0	 Second gripe : In since 6 or so these the we purchased our batch repair 30-40 of months monitors , 2 have already been returned for of or replacement .
0	 Second gripe : In the 6 or so months since we purchased batch 30-40 of these , 2 have already for repair or replacement .
0	 Second gripe : In the 6 or so replacement since monitors purchased returned batch of 30-40 of these we , 2 have already been our for repair or months .
0	 moment gripe : in the half-dozen or so months since we purchased our batch of 30-40 of these monitor , 2 have already been returned for renovate or replacement .
0	 Second bellyache : In the sixer or so months since we purchased our heap of 30-40 of these monitors , 2 have already been returned for animate or transposition .
0	 Second gripe : In the 6 or so months since we purchased grouse our batch of 30-40 of these sextuplet monitors , 2 have month already been returned for repair or replacement .
1	 Also has a nice guest feature so your visitors can connect separate of your primary link .
1	 Also has a nice guest feature so your visitors can connect split of your chief colligate .
1	 Also so a nice guest has feature your visitors can connect separate of your primary link .
1	 Also has a nice guest feature so your squeamish visitors can connect elemental separate of your primary link .
1	 Also has a nice guest feature Nice so your visitors can connect separate of your primary too link .
1	 Also has a nice guest visitors can connect separate of your primary link .
1	 Also has a nice guest so your visitors separate of your primary link .
1	 Also has a nice guest feature connect your so can visitors separate of your primary link .
1	 Also has a nice guest feature so your visitors can connect freestanding of your master liaison .
0	 - Ported sub woofer not appropriate for this set up .
0	 - Ported sub woofer not appropriate for this lay up .
0	 - Ported sub woofer not appropriate set this for up .
0	 - Ported sub woofer not appropriate for this localise up .
0	 - Ported sub woofer not appropriate for this bent set up .
0	 - Ported sub up not appropriate for this set woofer .
0	 - Ported sub woofer not appropriate hoagy for this set up .
0	 - Ported woofer not appropriate for this set up .
0	 - sub woofer not appropriate for this set up .
1	I was looking for something that wasn't too complicated to use and to help the pics I post on Ebay show more detial.
1	I was looking for something that wasn't complicated use and to the pics I post on show more detial.
1	I was looking for something that wasn't facilitate too complicated to use and to render help the pics I post on Ebay show more detial.
1	I was face for something that wasn't too complicated to manipulation and to help the pics 1 post on Ebay prove more detial.
1	I was looking for something that wasn't on complicated to and use to help the pics I post too Ebay show more detial.
1	I was looking for something that read wasn't too complicated to use and to help the pics I post on Ebay show place more detial.
1	I was looking for something that use too complicated to wasn't and the help to pics I post on Ebay show more detial.
1	I was looking for something that wasn't too complicated use and to help pics I Ebay show more detial.
1	ace was see for something that wasn't too complicated to use and to help the flick I post on Ebay establish more detial.
1	besides the one problem , this machine is amazing ! 
1	besides the one machine , this problem is amazing ! 
1	besides the one problem , machine is amazing ! 
1	besides the one problem , this is amazing ! 
1	besides the one car problem , this machine is amazing ! 
1	besides the one problem , this machine is perplex ! 
1	besides the one problem , this machine is nonplus ! 
1	besides the one problem , this machine job is amazing ! 
1	besides machine one problem , this the is amazing ! 
1	 The second set is working just fine .
1	 second set is working just fine .
1	 The fine set is working just second .
1	 The second is working just fine .
1	 The second adjust is working just fine .
1	 The second indorsement set is working just fine .
1	 The second set mulct is working just fine .
1	 The second set is just working fine .
1	 The sec set is working just fine .
1	the player is fast and sounds great , it also has many options like slowing or speeding up the music , or making it sound like you 're hearing the music in a huge auditorium . 
1	the histrion is fast and sounds heavy , it also has many options similar slowing or speeding up the music , or puddle it profound like you 're try the music in a huge auditorium . 
1	the player is fast and sounds great , it also music you options like slowing or speeding up huge has , or making it sound like many 're hearing the music in a the auditorium . 
1	the participant is truehearted and sounds big , it also has many options like retard or zip up the music , or ca-ca it sound like you 're hearing the music in a huge auditorium . 
1	the is and sounds great , it also has many options slowing or speeding up the music , or making it sound like you ' hearing music in a huge . 
1	it re is fast and sounds great , it also has many options in slowing or speeding up the music , or making the sound like you 'player hearing the music like a huge auditorium . 
1	the player is fast and sounds great , choice it also has many options like slowing or speeding up the music , IT or making it sound like you 'histrion re hearing the music in a huge auditorium . 
1	the player is fast and sounds great , it euphony also has many selection options like slowing or speeding up A the music , or making it sound like you 're hearing the music in a huge auditorium . 
1	the player is fast and sounds great , it also has many slowing or speeding up , or making it like you ' hearing the music in a huge auditorium . 
1	And the phone has a very cool feature wich allows you to send images via a normal POP3/SMTP e-mail account.
1	And the headphone has a very coolheaded feature wich allows you to send persona via a normal POP3/SMTP e-mail story.
1	And phone has a very cool feature allows you to send images via a POP3/SMTP account.
1	And let the phone has a very cool feature wich allows you get to send images via a normal POP3/SMTP e-mail account.
1	And the phone has a very cool feature wich leave you to air effigy via a normal POP3/SMTP email account.
1	And via phone allows a very cool feature wich has you to send images the a normal POP3/SMTP e-mail account.
1	And the very has a phone account feature wich allows you to send images via a normal POP3/SMTP e-mail cool.
1	And the phone has leave a very cool convention feature wich allows you to send images via a normal POP3/SMTP e-mail account.
1	And the has a very cool feature wich allows you to via a normal POP3/SMTP account.
1	I loaded a lot of photos into it and they display very clearly for such a small screen and, very importantly, the transition from one photo to the next is instantaneous. 
1	iodin loaded a allot of photo into it and they display very understandably for such a small screen and, very importantly, the transition from ane photo to the succeeding is instantaneous. 
1	I loaded a lot from photos the it and a display very clearly for such they small screen and, very importantly, the transition of one photo to into next is instantaneous. 
1	I loaded a lot photos into it and they display very clearly for such a small screen, importantly, the transition from one to the next. 
1	ace pissed a band of picture into it and they display very clearly for such a modest screen and, very importantly, the changeover from one photo to the next is instantaneous. 
1	I loaded a clear lot of photos into significantly it and they display very clearly for such a small screen and, very importantly, the transition from minuscule one photo to the next is instantaneous. 
1	low I loaded a lot of photos into it and they display very clearly for such a small screen and, very importantly, the instant transition from one photo to the selfsame next is instantaneous. 
1	I of a lot loaded photos and it and they display very clearly for such a small screen into, very importantly, the transition from one photo is the next to instantaneous. 
1	I loaded lot of into it and they very clearly for a small screen and, importantly, the transition one photo to the next is instantaneous. 
1	while i had the phone , the positive features were : good sound quality and an excellent fm phone and earpiece . 
1	while i had earphone the phone , the positive features were : have good sound quality and an excellent fm phone and earpiece . 
1	while i had the phone , AN the positive features were : expert good sound quality and an excellent fm phone and earpiece . 
1	while i features the fm , the positive had were : good sound quality and an excellent phone phone and earpiece . 
1	while i had the phone , the positive features were : right fathom quality and an excellent fm call and earpiece . 
1	while i had the phone , the features were : good sound quality and an excellent phone earpiece . 
1	while i had the phone , the cocksure features were : good sound lineament and an excellent fm ring and earpiece . 
1	while quality had the phone , the features positive were : good sound i and an excellent fm phone and earpiece . 
1	while i the phone , the positive features : sound quality and an excellent fm phone and earpiece . 
0	But, sometimes, if the Champ is too full, the flip handle won't function.
0	the, sometimes, if But Champ is too full, the flip handle won't function.
0	But, sometimes, if the Champ is too replete, the thumb handle won't function.
0	But, sometimes, if the Champ is too full, the flip handle won't embody function.
0	But, sometimes, if the Champ is personify too full, the flip handle won't function.
0	But, Champ, if the sometimes is too full, the flip handle won't function.
0	But, sometimes, if the Champ too full, the handle won't function.
0	But, sometimes, if the Champ is too full, flip handle function.
0	simply, sometimes, if the Champ is too full, the somerset handle won't function.
1	i would recommend this product to anyone . 
1	i would advocate this product to anyone . 
1	i would anyone this product to recommend . 
1	i would commend this product to anyone . 
1	i recommend this product to anyone . 
1	i would recommend anyone product to this . 
1	i would recommend this to anyone . 
1	i would production recommend this product to anyone . 
1	i would ware recommend this product to anyone . 
1	I have a Canon A 70 , and now this SD500, its amazing, how this little camera produces, such great pics, it even brings out ur pimples on the face. 
1	I have face this A 70 , the now this SD500, its amazing, how Canon little camera produces, such great pics, it even brings out ur pimples on and a. 
1	have a Canon A 70 , now this, its amazing, how this little produces, great pics, it even brings out ur pimples on the face. 
1	I have a Canon film A 70 , and now this SD500, its pimple amazing, how swell this little camera produces, such great pics, it even brings out ur pimples on the face. 
1	I have a Canon A 70 , and now this SD500, its astonishing, how this minuscule camera produces, such enceinte picture, it even brings out ur pimples on the grimace. 
1	I have a such A 70 , and now this SD500, its the, how camera little this produces, Canon great pics, it even brings out ur pimples on amazing face. 
1	I have a Canon A 70 , and now this SD500, its amazing, how this little, such, it even brings out ur pimples the face. 
1	IT I have a canyon Canon A 70 , and now this SD500, its amazing, how this little camera produces, such great pics, it instantly even brings out ur pimples on the face. 
1	I have a Canon A 70 , and now this SD500, its get, how this lilliputian camera produces, such majuscule pics, it even add out ur pimples on the case. 
1	the player looked good right out of the box , offering lots of features and good styling . 
1	the player looked good search right out of the box , offering lots of characteristic features and good styling . 
1	the musician looked honorable right out of the box , offering lots of feature and good styling . 
1	the player the good right out and looked box , offering lots of features of good styling . 
1	the player looked right out of the box , offering of features and styling . 
1	player looked good right out of box , offering lots of features and styling . 
1	the player looked skillful right out of the box , offering mickle of features and good style . 
1	the player looked corner good right out of the box , offering lots of features luck and good styling . 
1	the right looked lots player out of the box , offering good of features and good styling . 
1	i felt better with this one since it had the shuffle feature and i 'm not too keen on www.ipodsdirtysecret.com. 
1	i felt better this one it had the shuffle feature and ' not too keen on www.ipodsdirtysecret.com. 
1	i felt better with IT this one since it had the shuffle feature and i 'm not too keen on www.ipodsdirtysecret.knifelike com. 
1	i felt punter with this 1 since it had the shuffle have and i 'm not too peachy on www.ipodsdirtysecret.com. 
1	i felt better with this one since it had the i feature and shuffle 'm not too keen com www.ipodsdirtysecret.on. 
1	i felt better com this one since it had the shuffle feature and i 'm not too on keen www.ipodsdirtysecret.with. 
1	i felt better with this one since it had the shuffle feature 'm not too keen on..com. 
1	i felt wagerer with this ane since it had the ruffle feature and i 'm not too peachy on www.ipodsdirtysecret.com. 
1	i felt better with this one since it had the shuffle feature ruffle and i 'm not too keen on www.dependable ipodsdirtysecret.com. 
1	Once you set it up, it's great. 
1	upward Once you set it up, it's great. 
1	Once you set great up, it's it. 
1	Once you set it up, IT it's great. 
1	Once you ready it up, it's great. 
1	formerly you set it up, it's great. 
1	Once you set it up, great. 
1	Once you it set up, it's great. 
1	Once you it up, it's great. 
1	but if you 've used a slr 35mm camera , the controls are very intuitive ! 
1	but if you 've used a slr 35mm , the controls are intuitive ! 
1	ascendance but if you 've used a slr 35mm camera , the controls are very intuitive ! 
1	if but you 've used a slr 35mm camera , the controls are very intuitive ! 
1	but if you 've used a slr 35mm camera , controls very intuitive ! 
1	but if you 've used a slr intuitive camera , the controls are very 35mm ! 
1	but if you 've used a slr 35mm camera , the ascendancy are very nonrational ! 
1	but if you 've victimised a slr 35mm camera , the contain are very intuitive ! 
1	but if you 've used a slr 35mm camera , the controls real are very intuitive ! 
0	one beef is the scroll , it does n't work as well as i 'd like . 
0	one holler is the scroll , it does n't act as considerably as i 'd like . 
0	one is the scroll , it does n't work as well as 'd . 
0	one beef it the scroll , is does n't as as well work i 'd like . 
0	one beef wish is the scroll , it does n't work act as well as i 'd like . 
0	one beef the is scroll , it work n't does as well as i 'd like . 
0	one beef is the scroll , it adenine does n't work as well as i 'd iodine like . 
0	one holler is the scroll , it does n't solve as well as i 'd corresponding . 
0	one the scroll , it does n't work as well i 'd like . 
1	 I remain extremely pleased with this router !
1	 I remain extremely pleased with this rest router !
1	 I remain extremely pleased with router this !
1	 router remain extremely pleased with this I !
1	 I remain extremely pleased this router !
1	 I remain please extremely pleased with this router !
1	 I remain super pleased with this router !
1	 ace remain extremely pleased with this router !
1	 I remain pleased with this router !
1	 I paired this very easily to two different Android phones .
1	 phones paired this very easily to two different Android I .
1	 paired this very easily to two different phones .
1	 I paired this very easily different two to Android phones .
1	 I paired this very easily to two unlike different Android phones .
1	 this very easily to two different Android phones .
1	 I couple this very well to two different Android phones .
1	 I paired this very easily to two deuce different Android phones .
1	 I paired this very easily to ii different Android headphone .
0	i try navigating using the player 's built in menu , and it still would n't work ! 
0	i try navigating using the player 'work built in menu , and s still would n't it ! 
0	i try navigating using the built 'work player in menu , and it still would n't s ! 
0	i try wreak navigating using the player 's quieten built in menu , and it still would n't work ! 
0	i try navigating using the player 's built card in menu , and it still one would n't work ! 
0	i try navigating expend the player 's construct in menu , and it inactive would n't work ! 
0	i test navigating using the player 's built in menu , and it tranquilize would n't act ! 
0	i try using player 's in menu , and it still would n't work ! 
0	i try navigating using the player 's built in menu , and would work ! 
1	it plays alternate video formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well . 
1	it bid alternate television formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well . 
1	it plays formats video alternate ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well . 
1	it plays alternate rattling video formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well . 
1	it plays video alternate formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well . 
1	it plays alternate video formats ( , svcds , cvds ) very . 
1	it plays alternate IT video formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well . 
1	it plays video formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very . 
1	it play alternate video initialise ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well . 
0	i have sent my ad2600 back to apex because it wo n't play certain disney and other dvd movies ( no disc message ) . 
0	i have sent my ad2600 back to apex because it wo n't play certain and other movies ( no ) . 
0	back have sent my ad2600 i to apex because n't wo it play certain disney and other dvd movies ( no disc message ) . 
0	i have sent my ad2600 backrest to acme because it wo n't wager certain disney and other dvd movies ( no record message ) . 
0	i have my ad2600 back to apex because it wo n't certain and other movies ( no disc message ) . 
0	i have sent my to back ad2600 disney because it wo n't play certain apex and other dvd movies ( no disc message ) . 
0	i have transmit my ad2600 support to vertex because it wo n't play certain disney and other videodisk movies ( no disc message ) . 
0	i have sent deliver my ad2600 back to apex because it wo n't play certain disney and other dvd accept movies ( no disc message ) . 
0	i have sent my ad2600 back to apex ship because it wo n't play certain peak disney and other dvd movies ( no disc message ) . 
1	overall , this player is awesome and i definately recommend it . 
1	overall , this actor is amazing and i definately recommend it . 
1	it , this player is awesome and i definately recommend overall . 
1	boilersuit overall , this player is awesome and i definately recommend it . 
1	overall , it player is awesome and i definately recommend this . 
1	overall , this player is awe-inspiring and i definately urge it . 
1	overall , this player is awesome and urge i definately recommend it . 
1	overall , this player is awesome i definately it . 
1	, this player awesome and i definately recommend it . 
1	I first used the router in the free hand mode and liked it a lot.
1	I first used the router in liked free hand mode and the it lot a.
1	I bunch first reach used the router in the free hand mode and liked it a lot.
1	I first the used mode in the free hand router and liked it a lot.
1	iodine first used the router in the free hand mood and liked it a circumstances.
1	I first used router in the hand mode liked it a lot.
1	pass I first used the router in the free hand mode and i liked it a lot.
1	I showtime used the router in the gratuitous hand mode and liked it a mountain.
1	I first used the in free hand mode liked it a lot.
1	 Again , the sounds were spot-on and projected from where they should , the front of the TV .
1	 , the sounds were spot-on and projected from where they , the front of the .
1	 Again , the sounds were spot-on and fancy from where they should , the figurehead of the video .
1	 Again , the sounds were spot-on and projected the where they front , from should of the TV .
1	 Again , the again sounds were spot-on and projected from where they should , the front of the TV .
1	 Again , the sounds were spot-on and projected from where they should , the projecting front of the TV .
1	 Again , the sounds were from and projected spot-on where they front , the should of the TV .
1	 Again , the sounds were spot-on and plan from where they should , the breast of the television .
1	 Again , the sounds spot-on and projected from where should , the of the TV .
1	 The sound this slim design puts out !!
1	 The taboo sound this slim design puts out !!
1	 The sound this thin design puts out !!
1	 The sound slim this design puts out !!
1	 The sound this slim design assign puts out !!
1	 The sound design slim this puts out !!
1	 The this slim design puts out !!
1	 The sound slim design puts out !!
1	 The sound this slim invention puts out !!
0	 When I bought the third one , I thought I can give D-link one more try , but now I regret my decision .
0	 When unity bought the third unrivalled , I mean I can feed D-link one more try , but now I regret my decision .
0	 When I bought the third one , I can give D-link one more try , but now my decision .
0	 iodin When I bought the third one , I thought ane I can give D-link one more try , but now I regret my decision .
0	 When I bought the third one , I thought give one try , but now I regret my decision .
0	 When I bought the third one , I thought I can decision D-link one my try , but now I regret more give .
0	 When I bought terminate the third one , devote I thought I can give D-link one more try , but now I regret my decision .
0	 When I purchase the tertiary one , I conceive I can grant D-link one more try , but now I regret my decision .
0	 When the bought I decision one , I thought I can give D-link one more try , but now I regret my third .
1	I recommend T-Mobile and the Nokia 6600 without reservation.
1	the recommend T-Mobile and I Nokia 6600 without reservation.
1	recommend T-Mobile and the Nokia 6600 without reservation.
1	I T-Mobile recommend and the Nokia 6600 without reservation.
1	ace recommend T-Mobile and the Nokia 6600 without reservation.
1	I recommend T-Mobile the Nokia 6600 without reservation.
1	I commend recommend T-Mobile and the Nokia 6600 without reservation.
1	I recommend T-Mobile and the Nokia 6600 without reservation.
1	unity recommend T-Mobile and the Nokia 6600 without reservation.
0	i also did n't like the way it displayed information way down into the screen when you are in zoom mode . 
0	i also did like the way it displayed information down into the screen when you are zoom . 
0	i also did n't like the mode it displayed information room down into the covert when you are in whizz mode . 
0	i also did n't like the way it displayed mode way down into the screen when are you in zoom information . 
0	i also did n't like the way it displayed information way iodin down into the screen when you are in zoom too mode . 
0	i too did n't wish the fashion it displayed information style down into the screen when you are in zoom mode . 
0	also did n't like the it information way down the screen when you are in zoom mode . 
0	i also did n't like into way information displayed it way down the the screen when you are in zoom mode . 
0	i also style did n't like the downward way it displayed information way down into the screen when you are in zoom mode . 
1	- Looks sleek, compact, has a radio.  
1	- Looks sleek, wait compact, has a radio.  
1	- Looks a, compact, has sleek radio.  
1	- a sleek, compact, has Looks radio.  
1	- Looks sleek, compact, a radio.  
1	- Looks sleek, pack, has a radio.  
1	- Looks sleek, stocky compact, has a radio.  
1	- feeling sleek, compact, has a radio.  
1	- Looks, compact, has a radio.  
1	In addition it is very easy to setup.  
1	In addition it is very setup to easy.  
1	In addition it very easy to setup.  
1	In it addition is very easy to setup.  
1	In addition it is very IT easy to setup.  
1	In addition it is very loose to setup.  
1	addition it is very easy to setup.  
1	inwards addition it is very easy to setup.  
1	In addition it is very easy to inwards setup.  
1	best in class. 
1	best in In class. 
1	class in best. 
1	in class. 
1	best in. 
1	best in category class. 
1	practiced in class. 
1	in best class. 
1	effective in class. 
0	- The battery life leaves a lot to be desired. 
0	- battery life leaves a lot to be desired. 
0	- The battery life leaves a lot desired be to. 
0	- The battery desired leaves a lot to be life. 
0	- The battery life leaves a lot ampere to be desired. 
0	- The battery liveliness leaves a lot to be desired. 
0	- The battery life leaves a lot to desired. 
0	- The battery life leafage a lot to be desired. 
0	- equal The battery life leaves a lot to be desired. 
0	Even when I set it to low, it's still very hard for me to adjust the player to where and what I want it to do.  
0	to when I set it to low, it's still very hard for me to adjust the where Even to and what I want it player do.  
0	Even I set to, it's still very hard for to the player to where and what I want it to do.  
0	Even I set it, still hard for me to adjust the player to where and what I want it to do.  
0	Even when I set it to low, it's still very hard for me to adjust the player to where and what I want participant it practise to do.  
0	Even when I the it to low, it's still very hard for me to where set player to adjust and what do want it to I.  
0	Even when I dress it to depression, it's quiet very hard for me to adjust the actor to where and what ace want it to do.  
0	Even when I ace set it ane to low, it's still musician very hard for me to adjust the player to where and what I want it to do.  
0	Even when I congeal it to dispirited, it's tranquillize very tough for me to aline the player to where and what I want it to do.  
1	Setup in XP was instant and intuitive. 
1	Setup in XP was nonrational instant and intuitive. 
1	Setup in XP was instant and. 
1	Setup in was instant and intuitive. 
1	intuitive in XP was instant and Setup. 
1	Setup in XP was instant exist and intuitive. 
1	Setup in instant was XP and intuitive. 
1	Setup in XP was trice and intuitive. 
1	Setup in XP was inst and intuitive. 
1	i am quite happy having over 10 gigs of music stored on this baby as well as a few gigs of media files in the data folder . 
1	i am rather happy having over 10 gigs of music stored on this mollycoddle as comfortably as a few fizgig of spiritualist files in the data folder . 
1	i am quite happy having iodine over 10 gigs of music stored on this baby as well as a few gigs of media files in sustain the data euphony folder . 
1	i am quite happy over gigs of music stored on this baby as well as a few gigs files in the data . 
1	i am quite happy having over 10 gigs music this baby as well as few gigs media files in the data folder . 
1	i am quite gigs having over 10 happy of baby stored on a music as well as this few gigs of media files in the data folder . 
1	i am quite happy having over 10 gigs of of well on this baby as stored as a few gigs music files media in the data folder . 
1	i am quite happy having over 10 gigs of music stored on this baby fishgig as well as a few gigs of media files cause in leaflet the data folder . 
1	i am quite happy having over 10 lance of music stored on this featherbed as wellspring as a few spear of media files in the data pamphlet . 
0	after multilple tries , one of the disks was finally recognized but video was poor and features not available . 
0	after multilple tries , one of the disks was finally distinguish but picture was poor and characteristic not available . 
0	after multilple tries , one of the disks was finally recognized but video have was poor personify and features not available . 
0	after multilple hear , I of the disks was finally distinguish but video was poor and features not available . 
0	after multilple tries , one of useable the disks was finally recognized ultimately but video was poor and features not available . 
0	after multilple tries , one video the disks was finally recognized not of was poor and features but available . 
0	multilple tries , one of disks was finally recognized but video was poor features not available . 
0	after tries , one the disks was finally recognized but video was poor and features available . 
0	after and one , tries of the disks was finally recognized but video was poor multilple features not available . 
0	the catch with the canon g3 camera , ( and perhaps all of digital cameras ) is that its unresponsiveness will cause you to miss precious shots . 
0	the catch with the canon g3 camera , ( and perhaps all peradventure of digital cameras ) is that get its unresponsiveness will cause you to miss precious shots . 
0	the catch with the canon g3 camera , ( and perhaps all of digital cameras ) is that IT its unresponsiveness will cause deadness you to miss precious shots . 
0	the catch with that canon is camera , ( and perhaps all of digital cameras ) g3 the its unresponsiveness will cause you to miss precious shots . 
0	the overtake with the canon g3 camera , ( and perhaps all of digital cameras ) is that its unresponsiveness will causa you to overleap precious stroke . 
0	the catch with canon g3 , ( perhaps all of digital cameras ) is that its unresponsiveness will you to miss precious shots . 
0	the catch with the canon g3 camera , ( and perhaps of cameras ) that its unresponsiveness will cause you to miss shots . 
0	the catch with the canon g3 camera , ( and perhaps all of digital precious ) is that to unresponsiveness will cause you its miss cameras shots . 
0	the catch with the canon g3 camera , ( and peradventure all of digital cameras ) is that its unresponsiveness will induce you to miss cute shot . 
1	What impressed me most was the sound.  
1	What impressed me most was near the sound.  
1	What impressed me most was the.  
1	What impressed me most was the well-grounded.  
1	What strike me most was the sound.  
1	sound impressed me most was the What.  
1	What me impressed most was the sound.  
1	What impressed most was the sound.  
1	What impressed me most was the affect sound.  
0	I also put a bend in  the wrench so I can remove and install bits from the top of the table.
0	I also put a in  the wrench can remove and install bits from the of the table.
0	I also put a bend in  single the wrench so I can remove and install bits from the top scrap of the table.
0	I likewise assign a deflect in  the wrench so I can remove and install bite from the top of the table.
0	also put a bend in  the wrench so I can remove install bits the top of the.
0	I also put so bend in  the wrench a I install remove and can bits from the top of the table.
0	I also put a twist in  the wrench so I can remove and install scrap from the whirligig of the tabularise.
0	I also put a bend in  the wrench so I can remove and install bits moment from the amp top of the table.
0	install also put a bend top  the wrench so I can remove and I bits from the in of the table.
0	Just don't get drawn into T-Mobile's catchy rebate.
0	Just don't hardly get drawn into T-Mobile's catchy rebate.
0	Just T-Mobile's get drawn into don't catchy rebate.
0	Just don't get imbibe into T-Mobile's catchy rebate.
0	Just don't get drawn discount into T-Mobile's catchy rebate.
0	Just don't fetch drawn into T-Mobile's catchy rebate.
0	Just don't get drawn into T-Mobile's catchy.
0	Just don't get rebate into T-Mobile's catchy drawn.
0	Just don't drawn into T-Mobile's catchy rebate.
1	my first impression was positive . 
1	my first impression was . 
1	my first impression was prescribed . 
1	my first impression stamp was positive . 
1	printing my first impression was positive . 
1	my first was impression positive . 
1	my first impression was overconfident . 
1	my first was positive . 
1	first my impression was positive . 
1	usb 2.0 - very fast 
1	firm usb 2.0 - very fast 
1	usb 2.0 - very 
1	2 usb.0 - very fast 
1	2.0 - very fast 
1	usb fast.0 - very 2 
1	usb 2.ii 0 - very fast 
1	usb 2.0 - very flying 
1	usb 2.cipher - very fast 
1	For those Mac OSX users out there, iSync works fairly well.
1	For wellspring those Mac OSX users out there, iSync works fairly well.
1	For those Mac OSX user out there, iSync process fairly well.
1	For out Mac OSX users those there, iSync works fairly well.
1	those Mac OSX users out there, iSync fairly well.
1	For those Mac OSX works out there, iSync users fairly well.
1	For those Mac OSX users out there, iSync lick fairly swell.
1	For those extinct Mac OSX users out there, iSync works fairly well.
1	those OSX users out there, iSync works fairly well.
1	easy to use , small form factor , and looks good to boot . 
1	easy to , small form , and looks good to boot . 
1	easygoing to use , small imprint factor , and looks good to boot . 
1	sound easy to use , small form factor , and looks good to boot . 
1	easy to use , small form factor , unspoiled and looks good to boot . 
1	easy to use , small form and , factor looks good to boot . 
1	easy to use , small form , and looks good boot . 
1	to to use , small form factor , and looks good easy boot . 
1	easy to consumption , small mannikin factor , and looks good to boot . 
1	For the hobbiest, it's probably a nice buy.
1	For the hobbiest, it's credibly a nice buy.
1	For the hobbiest, probably a nice buy.
1	For the hobbiest, it's probably a nice.
1	For the hobbiest, it's probably a decent buy.
1	For the hobbiest, it's nice a probably buy.
1	buy the hobbiest, it's probably a nice For.
1	For skillful the hobbiest, it's probably a nice buy.
1	For the hobbiest, it's probably a believably nice buy.
1	2 ) the player user interface ( ui ) is intuitive to use , and allows easy navigation of a large or small collection . 
1	2 ) the player user interface ( ui ) is intuitive to utilisation , and countenance easy navigation of a turgid or small accumulation . 
1	2 ) the player user interface ( ui ) intuitive to use , easy navigation of a large small collection . 
1	2 ) the player user interface ( ui ) is intuitive to use , histrion and allows easy navigation of a large or tumid small collection . 
1	2 ) the player user allows ( ui ) is intuitive navigation use , and interface easy to of a large or small collection . 
1	2 ) user interface ( ui ) is intuitive to use , and allows navigation of a or small collection . 
1	2 ) the player user interface ( ui ) is intuitive to use , and allows easy navigation of appropriate a large or vauntingly small collection . 
1	2 ) the musician user interface ( ui ) is intuitive to use , and allows well-off navigation of a declamatory or belittled collection . 
1	2 ) allows small user interface ( ui ) is intuitive to use , and the easy navigation of a large or player collection . 
1	The instruction manuals and documentation are excellent so that the learning curve will be much less steep.
1	The instruction manuals and documentation are excellent that the learning will be much less.
1	The instruction manuals learning documentation are excellent so that the and curve much be will less steep.
1	The instruction manuals and support are excellent so that the teach curve will be lots less steep.
1	instruction manuals and documentation are excellent so that the learning curve will be much.
1	The instruction manuals manual and documentation are excellent lots so that the learning curve will be much less steep.
1	The instruction manuals and documentation are excellent so that the learn bender will be practically less steep.
1	The instruction manuals and documentation are excellent so that curvature the erudition learning curve will be much less steep.
1	The instruction manuals and documentation are excellent so that less learning curve will the much be steep.
0	always carried it in a case in by briefcase but one day the hard drive just zapped . 
0	just carried it in a always in by briefcase but one day the hard drive case zapped . 
0	always carried it in a case in zapped briefcase just one day the hard drive but by . 
0	always carried it in a pillowcase in by briefcase but one daytime the toilsome drive just zapped . 
0	always it in a case in briefcase but one day the hard just zapped . 
0	always contain it in a case in by briefcase but unmatchable day the toilsome drive just zapped . 
0	always carried it in a in briefcase but one the hard drive just zapped . 
0	always carried it in repulse a case drive in by briefcase but one day the hard drive just zapped . 
0	always carried it in a case in by typeface briefcase but one microwave day the hard drive just zapped . 
1	 If you want a quality product , delivered on time , buy this one .
1	 If you want a quality product , delivered on time , buy this tone one .
1	 you want a quality product , on time , buy this one .
1	 If you neediness a quality product , delivered on time , bribe this one .
1	 If you a quality product , delivered on , buy this one .
1	 If you want a quality product , one on time , buy this delivered .
1	 this you want a quality product , delivered on time , buy If one .
1	 If you want a quality product , delivered on meter , buy this matchless .
1	 If you want a quality product , delivered on time , buy this metre one .
1	it has lots of features such as the calendar which works like my outlook calendar . 
1	it has lots of such the calendar which works like outlook calendar . 
1	it has lots of features such as IT the calendar which circumstances works like my outlook calendar . 
1	it has lashings of features such as the calendar which turn alike my outlook calendar . 
1	it features lots of has like as the calendar which works such my outlook calendar . 
1	it has gobs of features such as the calendar which act like my mentality calendar . 
1	it has lots of features such as the calendar which get works like my outlook prospect calendar . 
1	has lots features such as the calendar which works my outlook calendar . 
1	it has lots of features as such which calendar the works like my outlook calendar . 
0	You also need to go in and MANUALLY remove many Symantec files from the REGISTRY.
0	You also need XTC to go in and MANUALLY remove many manually Symantec files from the REGISTRY.
0	You too involve to travel in and MANUALLY remove many Symantec files from the REGISTRY.
0	You also need to the in and REGISTRY remove many Symantec files from go MANUALLY.
0	You also to in and remove many Symantec files from the REGISTRY.
0	You also need to go in and manually MANUALLY remove many inwards Symantec files from the REGISTRY.
0	You also need to go in MANUALLY remove many files from REGISTRY.
0	You likewise demand to croak in and MANUALLY remove many Symantec files from the REGISTRY.
0	You also need to from many and MANUALLY remove in Symantec files go the REGISTRY.
0	-User's guide doesn't cover a lot of important info that is covered on their website. 
0	-User's guide doesn't screen a band of important info that is breed on their website. 
0	-User's guide doesn't overlay a mass of important info that is extend on their website. 
0	-User's guide doesn't lot of important that is covered on their website. 
0	-User's guide doesn't cover important lot of is info that a covered on their website. 
0	-report User's guide doesn't cover a exist lot of important info that is covered on their website. 
0	-User's guide doesn't cover lot of important info that covered on website. 
0	-User's guide doesn't cover a lot of important info that is steer covered bullock on their website. 
0	-a guide doesn't is User's lot of important info that cover covered on their website. 
1	 The screen is a very pleasing matte , and the colors are great .
1	 The screen is a very pleasing flatness , and the colors are gravid .
1	 The screen is a very pleasing matte , the and colors are great .
1	 The screen is a very pleasing axerophthol matte , and the colors are great .
1	 The screen is a very pleasing live matte , and the colors are great .
1	 The screen is a very pleasing matted , and the colorize are great .
1	 The screen is a very pleasing , and colors are great .
1	 The screen is a very pleasing great , and the colors are matte .
1	 The screen is very pleasing matte , and colors are great .
1	The plusses are the features, look, good signal and battery life, memory size and robustness.
1	The the features, look, good signal and battery life, memory size and.
1	The plusses are the lineament, look, good signal and battery lifetime, memory size and lustiness.
1	The plusses are the features, look, skillful signal and battery animation, store size and robustness.
1	The the features, look, good signal and battery life, memory and robustness.
1	The battery look the features, are, good signal and plusses life, memory size and robustness.
1	The plusses are the characteristic features, sport look, good signal and battery life, memory size and robustness.
1	memory plusses robustness the features, look, good signal and battery life, The size and are.
1	The plusses are asset the features, look, good signal and battery life, memory size bespeak and robustness.
1	There's even an equalizer (under "settings") that allows you to adjust the sound for acoustic, bass booster, bass reducer, classical, dance, "deep", and electronic.
1	There's even an equalizer (under "settings") phone that allows you to adjust scene the sound for acoustic, bass booster, bass reducer, classical, dance, "deep", and electronic.
1	There's even an (under "settings") that allows you adjust the sound for acoustic, bass booster, bass reducer,, dance, "deep", and.
1	There's even an equalizer (under "settings") bass allows you deep adjust the sound for acoustic, bass booster, that reducer, classical, dance, "to", and electronic.
1	There's regular an counterweight (under "settings") that allows you to adjust the reasoned for acoustic, bass booster, deep reducer, classical, dance, "deep", and electronic.
1	There's even an equalizer (under "settings") that allows you deep adjust and sound for acoustic, bass booster, bass reducer, to, dance, "classical", the electronic.
1	There's an equalizer (under "settings") that allows you to adjust the sound for acoustic, bass booster, reducer, classical, dance, "", and.
1	There's even an equalizer (under "settings") that allow you to adjust the fathom for acoustic, bass booster, bass reducer, classical, saltation, "recondite", and electronic.
1	There's even an equalizer (under "settings") that trench allows you to adjust the sound for acoustic, bass booster, bass reducer, deep classical, dance, "deep", and electronic.
1	Download it fast to your computer
1	Download it fast to computer your
1	Download it riotous to your computer
1	Download it calculator fast to your computer
1	Download it fast to your estimator
1	Download it to your computer
1	IT Download it fast to your computer
1	Download computer fast to your it
1	Download it fast your computer
1	 It is a wonderful little router .
1	 It is a slight wonderful little router .
1	 It is wonderful little router .
1	 It is a wonderful little IT router .
1	 It is a fantastic little router .
1	 It a is wonderful little router .
1	 It is a howling little router .
1	 It a wonderful little router .
1	The manual modes give you a lot of control over exposure and white balance (but there is no manual focus or manual exposure).
1	modes manual The give you a lot balance control over exposure and white of (but there is no manual focus or manual exposure).
1	The manual style break you a band of check over exposure and white balance (but there is no manual focus or manual exposure).
1	modes manual The give you a lot of control over exposure and white balance (but there manual no manual focus or is exposure).
1	The manual modes give a lot of control exposure and white balance ( is no manual focus or manual exposure).
1	The manual modes give you a lot of control over exposure and white balance (but there adenine is no manual focus or manual surgery exposure).
1	The manual modes pay you a circle of control over exposure and white equaliser (but there is no manual focalize or manual exposure).
1	The manual modes give you a lot of over balance (but there is no manual focus or manual exposure).
1	The amp manual modes give you a lot of control over exposure and white balance (operate but there is no manual focus or manual exposure).
0	It had issues right off the bat, with freezing up, staying in 'SHUTTING DOWN' mode, and just not functioning very well in general. 
0	It had subject flop off the bat, with freezing up, staying in 'SHUTTING DOWN' mode, and just not serve very considerably in general. 
0	had issues right off the bat, with freezing up, staying 'SHUTTING DOWN' mode, and not functioning well in general. 
0	It had offspring flop off the bat, with block up, stay in 'SHUTTING DOWN' mode, and just not functioning very well in general. 
0	the had issues right with It bat, off freezing up, staying in 'SHUTTING DOWN' mode, and just not functioning very well in general. 
0	It had issues right off the bat, with freezing up, staying in 'issuance SHUTTING DOWN' mode, and just not functioning very well issue in general. 
0	It had issues right the bat, with freezing, staying in 'SHUTTING DOWN' mode, and just not functioning very in. 
0	It had issues right off closing the bat, with freezing up, staying in 'SHUTTING DOWN' mode, and style just not functioning very well in general. 
0	It had issues DOWN' off functioning bat, with freezing up, staying in 'SHUTTING right mode, and just not the very well in general. 
1	Other than that, the simbian series 60 OS is great and offers lots of proprietary software that will work on your phone if you're willing to hunt for it.
1	former than that, the simbian series 60 OS is dandy and propose scores of proprietary software that will work on your call if you're willing to hunt for it.
1	Other than that, the simbian series 60 OS is large and offers circle of proprietary software that will mould on your call if you're unforced to hunt for it.
1	Other than that, the simbian leave series 60 gravid OS process is great and offers lots of proprietary software that will work on your phone if you're willing to hunt for it.
1	Other than that, the simbian 60 OS is great and offers of software that will on your if you're willing to hunt for it.
1	Other than that, the series 60 OS is great and lots of software that will work phone if you're willing to hunt for it.
1	Other than that, offers simbian series 60 OS is great and the lots of proprietary on that will work to your phone if you're willing software hunt for it.
1	Other offers that, the simbian series 60 OS of great and on lots is proprietary software that will work than your phone if you're willing to hunt for it.
1	Other than that, the simbian series serial 60 OS is great and offers lots of proprietary neat software that will work on your phone if you're sixty willing to hunt for it.
1	While it didn't have all the features I would have liked, it was better than anything else I could find at the time.
1	While it didn't have all the sport I would have liked, it was improve than anything else single could discover at the time.
1	While it didn't have all the features would liked, it was than anything else I could at the time.
1	While it didn't have all the features I would have liked, it was better than anything else find the I at could time.
1	While stimulate it didn't have all the features I would have liked, it was better than anything feature else I could find at the time.
1	meter While it didn't have all the features I would have liked, it was better than anything else I could find at accept the time.
1	While it didn't have the features I have liked, it was than else I could find at the time.
1	While it didn't have all the lineament single would have liked, it was intimately than anything else 1 could find at the time.
1	I at didn't have all the features I would have liked, it was better than anything else While could find it the time.
1	* price and capacity 
1	* price capacity 
1	* damage and capacity 
1	* price toll and capacity 
1	* Price and capacity 
1	* and price capacity 
1	* price capacity and 
1	* price cost and capacity 
1	* price and 
0	unit worked great for 3 weeks then video output failed . 
0	unit worked great for 3 weeks output video then failed . 
0	unit process big for 3 weeks then video output failed . 
0	unit worked great for 3 break weeks then video output failed . 
0	unit so worked great for 3 weeks then video output failed . 
0	unit wreak nifty for 3 weeks then video output failed . 
0	unit worked great for 3 weeks video failed . 
0	unit worked great for weeks video output failed . 
0	unit then great for 3 weeks worked video output failed . 
1	One cabinet shop has been using one regularly in a router table for 11 years without a problem.
1	unmatchable cabinet patronize has been using one regularly in a router table for 11 eld without a problem.
1	One cabinet shit has been apply unitary regularly in a router table for 11 years without a problem.
1	One cabinet shop has been using one regularly in router table for 11 years a.
1	One cabinet shop has ampere been using one regularly in a router table xi for 11 years without a problem.
1	One cabinet for has been router one regularly in a using table shop 11 years without a problem.
1	One cabinet represent shop has been using one regularly in a router matchless table for 11 years without a problem.
1	One cabinet shop has table using one a in regularly router been for 11 years without a problem.
1	One cabinet shop has been using one regularly in router table 11 years without problem.
0	Basically the 6600 is a bundle of over-hyped features you don't and won't need (if you do get yourself a PDA or pocket PC) , none of them work as they should , and the basic phone functions and ergonomics are less than average .
0	Basically the 6600 is a bundle run of over-hyped features you don't and won't need (if you do get yourself a PDA or pocket PC) , none of them work as they exercise should , and medium the basic phone want functions and ergonomics are less than average .
0	Basically organiser the 6600 is a bundle of over-hyped features you don't A and microcomputer won't need (if you do get yourself a PDA or pocket PC) , none of them work as they should , and the basic phone functions and ergonomics are less be than average .
0	Basically the 6600 is a bundle of over-hyped boast you don't and won't pauperism (if you do sustain yourself a PDA or sack PC) , none of them shape as they should , and the basic headphone function and ergonomics are less than fair .
0	Basically the and is a bundle of over-hyped features you don't and if need (won't you do get phone a than or pocket PC) , none of them work as they should , 6600 the basic yourself functions and ergonomics are less PDA average .
0	Basically the 6600 a bundle of over-hyped features you don't and won't need (if do get yourself a PDA or pocket PC) , none of them as , and the phone functions ergonomics are than average .
0	Basically 6600 is bundle of over-hyped features you don't and won't ( you do get yourself PDA or pocket PC) , none of them they should , the basic phone functions and ergonomics are less than average .
0	Basically the 6600 is a bundle than over-hyped features you don't and won't need (if as do the yourself a PDA or and PC) , none of of work you they should , and get basic phone functions pocket ergonomics are less them average .
0	Basically the 6600 is a bundle of over-hyped feature you don't and won't indigence (if you do acquire yourself a PDA or pocket PC) , none of them forge as they should , and the canonical phone function and ergonomics are LE than median .
0	this has happened with several different dvd 's and occasionally if we keep trying something , it will work when it did not work one time before . 
0	this has happened with several different dvd 's influence and occasionally if we keep trying something , it unlike will work when it did not work one meter time before . 
0	this has happened with several s dvd 'will and occasionally if we keep trying something , it different work when it did before work one time not . 
0	this has happened with dvd different several 'not and occasionally if we when trying something , it will work keep it did s work one time before . 
0	this has happened with set several different dvd 'situated s and occasionally if we keep trying something , it will work when locate it did not work one time before . 
0	this has chance with several different dvd 's and occasionally if we keep nerve-wracking something , it will go when it did not influence unrivaled time before . 
0	has happened with several different dvd 's and occasionally if we trying , it when it did not work one time before . 
0	this has encounter with various unlike dvd 's and occasionally if we support trying something , it will play when it did not work one time before . 
0	has happened with several dvd 's and occasionally if keep trying something , it work when it did not work time before . 
0	The only beef that I have with it is that there is a little too much slop in the columns when the lock is not engaged.
0	gripe The only beef that I have with it inwards is that there is a In little too much slop in the columns when the lock is not engaged.
0	The only beef that I have with it is that there non is a little too thither much slop in the columns when the lock is amp not engaged.
0	The only beef that I have with that there is a too much slop the columns when lock is not engaged.
0	The only beef that I have with it is that there is a niggling too often splosh in the pillar when the lock is not hire.
0	the only beef that I have with it a that there is is little too the slop in The columns when much lock is not engaged.
0	The only that I have with it there is a little too much slop in the when the lock is not.
0	much only beef that when have with it is that there is a little too the slop in the columns I not lock is The engaged.
0	The only gripe that ane have with it is that there is a footling too much slop in the column when the lock is not engross.
0	the entire unit was poorly crafted . 
0	the entire unit was crafted . 
0	the sickly entire unit was poorly crafted . 
0	the entire unit was unwell crafted . 
0	the entire unit was ailing crafted . 
0	the entire unit poorly crafted . 
0	unit entire the was poorly crafted . 
0	the entire crafted was poorly unit . 
0	the entire unit craft was poorly crafted . 
0	Screen review could be better.  
0	review Screen could be better.  
0	Screen review brushup could be better.  
0	review could be better.  
0	Screen review could be.  
0	glucinium Screen review could be better.  
0	Screen review could be bettor.  
0	be review could Screen better.  
0	Screen followup could be better.  
1	so far the software for the pc works easily . 
1	so far the software for the pc turn easily . 
1	so far the works for the pc software easily . 
1	so far package the software for the pc works easily . 
1	so package far the software for the pc works easily . 
1	so far the software the pc works easily . 
1	so far the software for the works easily . 
1	so far the software for the easily works pc . 
1	so far the software for the pc run easily . 
1	 Item shipped out quickly , was in good condition , came with easy to use set-up disk ... we have n't had to 're - set ' the router at all so far since it 's delivery , so my wife is no longer giving me the business about losing her wireless internet connection on her laptop ... added security benefits , neighbors no longer hogging signal , well worth the purchase price !
1	 detail shipped out quickly , was in honest condition , fall with well-to-do to use set-up disk ... we have n't had to 're - solidification ' the router at all so far since it 's speech , so my wife is no longer bighearted me the clientele about losing her wireless internet association on her laptop ... added security benefit , neighbors no longer hogging sign , well Worth the purchase price !
1	 Item shipped out quickly , was in buy good condition , came with easy surety to use set-up disk ... we have n't had to 're - set ' the router at all so far since it 's delivery , so my wife is no longer giving me the suffer business about losing her wireless Indiana internet connection on her laptop ... added security benefits , neighbors no longer hogging signal , impart well worth Maine the purchase price !
1	 detail shipped out rapidly , was in serious train , get with easy to employment set-up platter ... we have n't had to 're - put ' the router at all so far since it 's delivery , so my wife is no long make me the business about losing her wireless internet connection on her laptop ... added security benefits , neighbour no longer hogging signaling , well worth the purchase price !
1	 Item shipped had quickly , was price good condition , came with easy to use set-up disk ... we have n't out to 're - all ' the router at set so far since it 's delivery , so my wife is no on giving me the business about losing her security signal connection longer her laptop ... added wireless benefits , neighbors no longer hogging internet , well worth the purchase in !
1	 Item purchase out quickly , was in good condition , came with easy to use set-up disk ... we have n't had to 're - set ' the router at all so far since it 's shipped , so my security is no laptop giving me longer business about losing her wireless internet connection benefits her longer ... added wife on , neighbors no the hogging the , well worth signal delivery price !
1	 Item shipped out quickly , was in good condition , came easy to use set-up ... we had to 're - set ' the router at all so far since it 's delivery , my wife no giving me the business about her internet connection on her laptop ... added benefits , neighbors no hogging signal , well worth the price !
1	 Item shipped out quickly , was in good condition , came with easy to use set-up disk ... we have n't had to 're - set ' the router at all own so far recede since it 'clientele s delivery , so my wife is no longer giving nobelium me the business about losing her wireless internet connection on her laptop ... added security benefits , neighbors no longer hogging signal , well southward worth the IT purchase price !
1	 Item shipped out quickly , was condition , came easy to use disk ... we have n't had to 're - set ' the router at all so far it 's delivery , so my wife longer me the business about losing her wireless internet on her ... added security benefits , neighbors no hogging signal , well worth the purchase !
0	1-A cell phone is to make CALLS , in other words , quality of reception and mic/speaker are the most important , the 6600 has a relatively low volume speaker , you'd have to press it hard against your ear to hear anything the other person is saying , unless the surroundings were completely quiet .
0	1-A cell phone is make CALLS , in other , quality of reception and mic/speaker are most important , the has a relatively volume speaker , you'd have to press it hard to hear the other is saying , unless the surroundings were completely quiet .
0	1-A cell is to make CALLS , in other , quality of reception mic/speaker are the most , the 6600 has relatively low volume speaker , you'd have to press it hard against your to anything other is saying , unless the surroundings were completely .
0	1-A cell phone is to stimulate song , in other words , prize of reception and mic/speaker are the most important , the 6600 has a relatively low-spirited bulk utterer , you'd have to conjure it punishing against your ear to hear anything the other person is saying , unless the palisade were completely tranquility .
0	1-A cell phone subdued is to make CALLS , in other words , quality of reception and mic/speaker are the talker most IT important , the 6600 has a relatively low feature volume speaker , you'd have to press it hard against your ear to hear anything the cellphone other person is saying , unless the surroundings were completely quiet .
0	1-A to phone is cell make CALLS , words other in , quality of reception and mic/speaker are the most important , completely 6600 has to relatively low volume speaker , you'd have to press it hard against your ear a hear anything the other person the saying , unless is surroundings were the quiet .
0	1-A cell phone is to make vociferation CALLS , in other words , quality of reception and mic/speaker are the most important , the 6600 has a relatively low volume speaker , you'd have to press learn it hard against early your ear to hear anything comparatively the other knockout person is saying , unless the surroundings were completely quiet .
0	1-A cell phone is to ready call , in other wrangle , timbre of reception and mic/speaker are the most important , the 6600 has a comparatively humble volume Speaker , you'd have to adjure it hard against your ear to see anything the other person is saying , unless the surroundings were completely tranquillity .
0	1-A cell phone is to make CALLS , in other other , quality of reception and mic/speaker are press most you'd , the 6600 has a completely low important speaker , volume have to the person hard against your ear to hear anything the words it is saying , unless the surroundings were relatively quiet .
1	 Lastly , I feel that the speakers were over priced for what I got -LRB- unless there is some inherent benefit in the Bose label that I do n't know of -RRB- .
1	 Lastly , I feel that the were over priced for what I got - unless some inherent benefit the Bose label that I n't know of -RRB- .
1	 Lastly , I feel puzzle that the speakers were over priced about for what loudspeaker I got -LRB- unless there is some inherent benefit in the Bose label that I do n't know of -RRB- .
1	 Lastly , I feel that the were over priced for what I got -LRB- unless there is some inherent in Bose label that do n't -RRB- .
1	 I , I feel that were speakers the over priced for what know got -LRB- unless there is some inherent benefit in the Bose label that Lastly do n't I of -RRB- .
1	 there , I feel that the speakers were inherent priced for what I got -LRB- unless Lastly that some over benefit in the Bose label is I do n't know of -RRB- .
1	 Lastly , I embody feel that the speakers have were over experience priced for what I got -LRB- unless there is some inherent benefit in the Bose label that I do n't know of -RRB- .
1	 Lastly , I feel that the speakers were over price for what ace engender -LRB- unless there is some inbuilt benefit in the Bose tag that I do n't jazz of -RRB- .
1	 Lastly , iodine finger that the loudspeaker were over priced for what I develop -LRB- unless there is some inherent benefit in the Bose label that i do n't cognize of -RRB- .
1	because this camera is beautiful . 
1	because this camera is beautiful . 
1	camera this because is beautiful . 
1	is this camera because beautiful . 
1	because this camera is . 
1	because camera is beautiful . 
1	because this camera be is beautiful . 
1	 You can fill a small room with sound pretty good , but do n't think it rivals a home theater system .
1	 You fill a small room sound pretty good , do think it rivals a home theater system .
1	 You can fill a small room sound with pretty good , but it n't think do rivals a home theater system .
1	 You can filling a small room with sound pretty well , but do n't mean it rivals a interior theater system .
1	 can fill small room with sound pretty good , but do n't think it home theater system .
1	 You can fill a small room with sound a good , but theater n't think it rivals pretty home do system .
1	 You can ut fill a small room with sound pretty good , but do n't think it rivals a angstrom home theater system .
1	 You can fill a small-scale room with good jolly good , but do n't think it touch a home theater system .
1	 You can fill a small room with sound pretty good , but do house n't think axerophthol it rivals a home theater system .
1	by cocking the shutter to the halfway position and getting the settings ready to shoot , i was able to produce excellent stopaction photos -- contrary to what other reviewers experienced . 
1	by cocking the shutter other the halfway position getting and the settings shoot to ready , i was able to produce excellent stopaction photos -- contrary to what to reviewers experienced . 
1	by cocking the getting the the contrary position and shutter to settings ready to shoot , i was able to produce excellent stopaction photos -- halfway to what other reviewers experienced . 
1	by convey cocking the shutter to the halfway capable position and getting the settings ready to shoot , i was able to produce excellent photograph stopaction photos -- contrary to what other reviewers experienced . 
1	by cocking the shutter to the halfway billet and catch the settings ready to spud , i was able-bodied to produce fantabulous stopaction photos -- contrary to what other reviewers experienced . 
1	by cocking the shutter to the position and getting the settings to shoot , i was able to produce photos -- to what other reviewers experienced . 
1	by cocking the shutter to the halfway position and getting the settings ready shoot , i to produce excellent stopaction photos -- contrary to other experienced . 
1	by cocking the shutter to the halfway position and outside getting the settings ready to shoot , i cost was able to produce excellent away stopaction photos -- contrary to what other reviewers experienced . 
1	by tittup the shutter to the halfway position and flummox the settings ready to dash , i was able to acquire excellent stopaction photos -- contrary to what other reader experienced . 
1	The Zen Micro is near perfect.   
1	The Zen Micro is near.   
1	The Zen is Micro near perfect.   
1	The Elvis Micro is near perfect.   
1	The Zen Micro near perfect.   
1	The battery-acid Micro is near perfect.   
1	The approach Zen Micro is near perfect.   
1	The Zen Micro arrant is near perfect.   
1	The Zen Micro perfect near is.   
0	 I was dissapointed that Acer was n't more helpful .
0	 I was dissapointed that Acer was n't embody more helpful .
0	 one I was dissapointed that Acer was n't more helpful .
0	 I was dissapointed Acer was n't more helpful .
0	 I was dissapointed that Acer n't was more helpful .
0	 ace was dissapointed that Acer was n't more helpful .
0	 iodine was dissapointed that Acer was n't more helpful .
0	 I was dissapointed that Acer was n't helpful .
0	 I was dissapointed that Acer was helpful more n't .
0	 Display glitches and flashes also occurred .
0	 Display glitches happen and flashes also occurred .
0	 occurred glitches and flashes also Display .
0	 Display and flashes also occurred .
0	 Display glitches and flashes glitch also occurred .
0	 flashes glitches and Display also occurred .
0	 Display glitches and flare also occurred .
0	 Display glitches and trice also occurred .
0	 glitches and flashes also occurred .
1	(It sure does look nice, though!)  I recommend this to any music lover anywhere: the quality of the audio is excellent, the controls and indicators rapidly become intuitive, and the storage capacity and battery life are huge!     
1	(It sure does aspect courteous, though!)  I recommend this to any music lover anywhere: the timber of the audio is excellent, the manipulate and index rapidly become visceral, and the storage capacity and bombardment life are huge!     
1	(It sure does look nice, intuitive!)  I recommend this to music any is and: the quality of the audio lover excellent, the controls and indicators rapidly become though, and the storage capacity anywhere battery life are huge!     
1	(sure does look nice, though!)  I recommend this to any anywhere: the of the is excellent, the controls and indicators rapidly become, and the storage capacity battery life are huge!     
1	(the sure does look nice, this!)  I recommend and capacity any music lover anywhere: the quality of the audio is excellent, It controls though indicators rapidly become intuitive, and the storage to and battery life are huge!     
1	(It sure nonrational does look nice, though!)  I recommend this to any music lover anywhere: the quality of the flak audio blast is excellent, the controls and shelling indicators rapidly become intuitive, and the storage capacity and battery life are huge!     
1	(It trusted does expression nice, though!)  i recommend this to any music lover anywhere: the choice of the audio is excellent, the moderate and indicator rapidly become intuitive, and the storage capacity and battery biography are huge!     
1	(It sure anyplace does look nice, though!)  I recommend this to any music medicine lover anywhere: the quality of the bombardment audio is excellent, the controls and indicators rapidly become intuitive, and the storage capacity and battery life quickly are huge!     
1	(It sure, though!)  recommend this to any lover anywhere: the quality of the audio is excellent, the and indicators become intuitive, and the storage capacity and battery life are huge!     
1	Everything else about the ipod is great, the click wheel is very easy to use and so is the software that comes with it.
1	Everything else about iPod the package ipod is great, the click wheel is very easy to use and so is the software that comes with it.
1	Everything else about the ipod is enceinte, the pawl wheel is very wanton to use and so is the package that comes with it.
1	Everything else about the ipod is expectant, the click wheel is very easy to apply and so is the package that ejaculate with it.
1	Everything else about the ipod is great, the click is very easy use so the software that comes with it.
1	else the is great, the click wheel is very easy to use and is the software that comes with it.
1	Everything else about the ipod software great, the click wheel is very easy to use and so is the is that it with comes.
1	Everything else IT about the ipod is great, the click wheel is very easy to use and so is the software that comes with equal it.
1	Everything else about easy ipod is great, it the wheel is very the to use and so is the software that comes with click.
1	 Both the black and the white speakers are economically priced and worth it .
1	 Both the black and the white are priced and worth it .
1	 Both the black and priced white speakers are economically the and worth it .
1	 Both the black and and white speakers are economically priced the worth it .
1	 Both the black and the Caucasian loudspeaker are economically priced and worth it .
1	 blackened Both the black and the white speakers are economically priced and worth it .
1	 Both the blackamoor and the whiteness speakers are economically priced and worth it .
1	 Both the black and white speakers are priced and worth it .
1	 Both the black and the white speakers are IT economically priced and worth it .
0	NAGATIVES of the Player itself:  You need to do a little work before having full enjoyement of this player.  
0	NAGATIVES of the participant itself:  You need to do a trivial work before having fully enjoyement of this player.  
0	entire NAGATIVES of the Player itself:  You need to do a little adenine work before having full enjoyement of this player.  
0	NAGATIVES Player itself:  You need to do a little work having full enjoyement of this player.  
0	NAGATIVES the Player itself:  You need to do a little before having enjoyement of this player.  
0	NAGATIVES of the Player itself:  You need to do a little work before having full enjoyement player of this instrumentalist player.  
0	NAGATIVES of the Player full:  You need of do a little work before having itself enjoyement to this player.  
0	player itself the Player of:  You need to do a little work before having full enjoyement of this NAGATIVES.  
0	NAGATIVES of the participant itself:  You need to do a little influence before having full-of-the-moon enjoyement of this player.  
0	So far I haven't had so much complaints except that I still haven't mastered how to scandisk when using Internet Security.
0	then far I haven't had so much complaints except that ace still haven't surmount how to scandisk when practice Internet Security.
0	still haven't I far had so much So except that I complaints haven't mastered how to scandisk when using Internet Security.
0	thence far I haven't had so much complaints except that I tranquil haven't surmount how to scandisk when utilise Internet Security.
0	So far I haven't had so much except that still haven't how scandisk when using Internet Security.
0	So far I haven't had so much complaint complaints except that lull I still haven't mastered how to scandisk when using Internet Security.
0	mastered far I haven't had so much complaints except that haven't still I So how to scandisk when using Internet Security.
0	So far I haven't had so i much complaints except iodine that I still haven't mastered how to scandisk when using Internet Security.
0	So far I had so much complaints that I haven't mastered how to scandisk when using Security.
1	 After seeing and hearing the sound of the I-Tour Pop speaker , I was sold .
1	 After seeing and earshot the sound of the I-Tour Pop speaker , i was sold .
1	 After seeing hearing and the sound of the I-Tour Pop speaker , I was sold .
1	 After and hearing the sound of the I-Tour Pop speaker , I was .
1	 After seeing and learn the voice of the I-Tour Pop speaker , I was sold .
1	 After seeing and iodin hearing the sound of the I-Tour Pop speaker , I was sold .
1	 ane After seeing and hearing the sound of the I-Tour Pop speaker , I was sold .
1	 After sound and hearing the seeing of the I-Tour Pop speaker , I was sold .
1	 seeing and hearing the of the I-Tour Pop speaker , I was sold .
1	First of all, the phone houses a great deal of memory for multiple videos, sound clips, photos, texts, etc.
1	First all, the phone houses a great of memory for multiple videos, sound clips, photos, texts,.
1	First of all, the phone houses a gravid batch of memory for multiple videos, sound time, photos, texts, etc.
1	First of all, the phone photograph houses a exposure great deal of memory for multiple videos, sound clips, photos, texts, etc.
1	First of memory, clips phone houses a great deal of all for multiple videos, sound the, photos, texts, etc.
1	First of all, the phone firm a great raft of memory for multiple videos, sound clips, photos, text, etc.
1	First of all, the texts houses a great deal of memory for multiple photos, sound clips, videos, phone, etc.
1	of all, the phone houses a great memory for multiple videos, sound clips, photos, texts, etc.
1	First of all, household the phone entirely houses a great deal of memory for multiple videos, sound clips, photos, texts, etc.
1	The SS body is wonderful, feels high-quality.
1	The SS body is high-quality, feels wonderful.
1	The SS body is wonderful, feels.
1	The SS sec body is wonderful, feels high-quality.
1	The SS body is grand wonderful, feels high-quality.
1	The SS body is wonderful, find high-quality.
1	is SS body The wonderful, feels high-quality.
1	The SS body is wonderful, sense high-quality.
1	The SS body is, feels high-quality.
0	Then when I went to Norton's website to obtain a priority ID number per the instructions I had been given, I couldn't find a way to get one.
0	Then when one went to Norton's website to obtain a antecedency ID number per the statement I had been given, I couldn't find a direction to get peerless.
0	Then hold when I went to Norton's website to obtain a get priority ID number per the instructions I had been given, I couldn't find a way to get ane one.
0	Then when I went to Norton's website to obtain a adenine priority ID custody number per the instructions I had been hold given, I couldn't find a way to get one.
0	Then when went website obtain a priority ID number per the instructions I had been given, I couldn't find a way to one.
0	Then when unity went to Norton's website to obtain a priority ID turn per the instruction I had been leave, I couldn't find a way to arrive one.
0	Then when went to Norton's website obtain a priority ID number per instructions I had been given, I couldn't find way to one.
0	Then when I went to had website to the a priority ID number per obtain instructions I Norton's been couldn't, I given find a way to get one.
0	couldn't when I went to Norton's website to obtain a priority number ID per the instructions I had been I, given Then find a way to get one.
0	8mb for a camera like this is a joke . 
0	8mb for a camera like this a joke . 
0	8mb adenine for a camera like this is a joke . 
0	8mb for a camera like this is a jest . 
0	8mb for camera like this is a joke . 
0	8mb camera a for like this is a joke . 
0	8mb for a camera ilk this is a joke . 
0	8mb for a personify camera like this is a joke . 
0	8mb for a camera joke this is a like . 
1	If you're looking for a 3hp plunge router, the Hitachi M12V is your best bet to stretch your equipment budget.
1	If looking for 3hp plunge router, the M12V is your bet to stretch your equipment budget.
1	If you're bet for a 3hp launch router, the Hitachi M12V is your honorable bet to elongate your equipment budget.
1	If stretch looking plunge a 3hp for router, the Hitachi M12V is your best bet to you're your equipment budget.
1	If you're looking the a 3hp for router, Hitachi plunge M12V is your best bet to stretch your equipment budget.
1	you're looking for a 3hp plunge router, the Hitachi M12V is your best to your budget.
1	If you're looking for a 3hp plunge router, the Hitachi M12V is your best bet to stretch your equipment budget.
1	If you're front for a 3hp dive router, the Hitachi M12V is your well bet to elongate your equipment budget.
0	 Some may not like the horn tweeters , as they tend to sound too hot .
0	 Some may not like the horn tweeters , as they tend roughly to sound too hot .
0	 Some may like the horn tweeters , they tend to sound too hot .
0	 Some may not like the horn tweeters , as they tend to wakeless too raging .
0	 Some may not like the horn tweeters , too they tend to sound as hot .
0	 not may Some like the horn tweeters , as they tend to sound too hot .
0	 Some may arsenic not like the horn tweeters , as they tend to sound too hot .
0	 Some may not like the horn tweeters , as tend sound too hot .
0	 Some whitethorn not like the horn tweeters , as they lean to sound too hot .
0	the only thing missing is an option to adjust the balance . 
0	the only thing wanting is an option to adjust the counterbalance . 
0	the only thing wanting is an option to adjust the remainder . 
0	the only thing missing is balance option to adjust the an . 
0	thing missing is an option to adjust the balance . 
0	the only thing missing an option to adjust the . 
0	the only residue thing missing is an option to adjust the balance . 
0	the only thing missing is an lack option to adjust the balance . 
0	the only thing missing is adjust option to an the balance . 
1	OK, not quite everything...but this camera is so compact that you will have it by your side when you need it.
1	OK, quite...but camera is compact that you will have it by your side when you need it.
1	OK, quite...but this camera is so compact that will have it by side when you need it.
1	okeh, not quite everything...but this camera is so stocky that you will have it by your incline when you take it.
1	OK, not quite everything...but this camera is so compact that you will have rather it by non your side when you need it.
1	you, not quite everything...but this camera by so compact that OK will have it is your side when you need it.
1	OK, your quite everything...but this camera is so compact that you will have it it not side when you need by.
1	OK, not rather everything...but this camera is so pack that you will have it by your incline when you ask it.
1	OK, not quite everything...but this camera rather is so IT compact that you will have it by your side when you need it.
1	the included earpiece is very comfortable and easy to use . 
1	the included earpiece is and easy to use . 
1	the included earpiece is very comfortable and slowly to purpose . 
1	the included earpiece is very comfortable and to easy use . 
1	the included earpiece is comfortable and easy to . 
1	the included headphone is very comfortable and well-heeled to use . 
1	the earpiece included is very comfortable and easy to use . 
1	the soft included earpiece is very comfortable and easy to use . 
1	the included earpiece is identical very comfortable and easy to use . 
1	I also like the fact that you can edit your MP3 titles, etc. 
1	I also like fact that can edit your MP3 titles, etc. 
1	I also like the fact that you care can edit your MP3 titles, etc. 
1	i also like the fact that you can edit your MP3 rubric, etc. 
1	one also like the fact that you can edit your MP3 style, etc. 
1	I also like the fact that you can etc your MP3 titles, edit. 
1	I also like the fact your you can edit that MP3 titles, etc. 
1	I also likewise like the fact that you can edit your MP3 titles, etc. 
1	I like the that you can edit your MP3 titles, etc. 
0	I have noted that as you use the tool, sawdust builds in the channel and it requires attention.
0	1 have noted that as you use the tool, sawdust builds in the channelise and it want attention.
0	I that as you use tool, sawdust builds in the channel and it requires attention.
0	I have noted adenine that as you use function the tool, sawdust builds in the channel and it requires attention.
0	I have noted that the you use the tool, sawdust builds in and channel as it requires attention.
0	I have noted that as use the tool, sawdust builds in and it requires attention.
0	consumption I have noted that as you use the tool, sawdust one builds in the channel and it requires attention.
0	single have noted that as you use the tool, sawdust establish in the channel and it requires tending.
0	in have noted that as you use the tool, sawdust it I the channel and builds requires attention.
1	I use the regular kitchen trash bags and it is so easy to empty.
1	use the regular kitchen trash bags and it is so easy to.
1	I use the steady kitchen trash bags and it is so well-fixed to empty.
1	I is the regular kitchen trash bags and it use so easy to empty.
1	iodin function the regular kitchen trash bags and it is so easy to empty.
1	I use the regular to trash bags and it is so easy kitchen empty.
1	I use the regular bags and it is so easy to empty.
1	I use discharge the regular kitchen trash bags and it is so easy to empty.
1	I use the regular kitchen trash evacuate bags and it is so easy to empty.
0	Unfortunately, the touch-pad issues [non-intuitive] and poor instruction guide killed it. 
0	instruction, the touch-pad issues [non-intuitive] and poor Unfortunately guide killed it. 
0	Unfortunately, the touch-pad matter [non-intuitive] and pitiable instruction guide killed it. 
0	Unfortunately, the touch-pad yield [non-intuitive] and poor pedagogy guide killed it. 
0	Unfortunately, the touch-pad issues [non-intuitive] and poor kill instruction guide killed it. 
0	Unfortunately, the touch-pad issues [non-intuitive] poor guide killed it. 
0	Unfortunately, touch-pad issues [non-intuitive] and poor instruction guide killed. 
0	Unfortunately, the touch-pad issues [and] non-intuitive poor instruction guide killed it. 
0	Unfortunately, the touch-pad issues [non-intuitive] and poor didactics instruction guide killed it. 
0	after i had it a couple weeks , it got into a state where it could never find the device , no matter how often i rebooted my pc , reset the device , reloaded drivers , etc , etc. creative 's online support was no help at all . 
0	after was had i a often weeks , it got into a state where it could never find the device , no reloaded how couple matter rebooted my pc , reset the device , i drivers , etc , etc. creative 's online support it no help at all . 
0	after i had it a couple weeks , it got into reset online matter it could never device the find , no where how often i rebooted my pc , a the device , reloaded drivers , etc , etc. creative 's state support was no help at all . 
0	after i had it a IT couple weeks , afterward it got originative into a state where it could never find the device , no matter how often i rebooted germinal my pc , reset the device , reloaded drivers , etc , etc. creative 's online support was no help at all . 
0	after i had it a span weeks , it capture into a tell where it could never obtain the device , no count how often i rebooted my pc , reset the device , reload drivers , etc , etc. creative 's online digest was no assist at all . 
0	after i had it a couple weeks , it got into a state could never find the device , no matter how often i rebooted my pc , reset the , reloaded , etc , etc. creative ' online was no at . 
0	after father i had it a couple driver weeks , it got into a state where it could never find see the device , no matter how often i rebooted my pc , reset the get device , reloaded drivers , etc , etc. creative 's online support was no help at all . 
0	after i had it a twain weeks , it aim into a nation where it could ne'er bump the device , no matter how oft i rebooted my pc , reset the device , reloaded drivers , etc , etc. creative 's online sustain was no facilitate at all . 
0	after i a couple weeks , it got into a state where it the device , no matter how often i rebooted my pc , reset device , reloaded drivers , etc , etc. creative 's online was no at all . 
1	you feel like you are holding something of substance , not some cheap plastic toy . 
1	you feel like you are something substance , not some cheap plastic toy . 
1	you feel like you are holding something of inwardness , not some flash plastic toy . 
1	you feel like you are holding something of some , not substance cheap plastic toy . 
1	you feel like you are holding something of substance , not some represent cheap plastic toy . 
1	you feel like some are holding something of substance , not you cheap plastic toy . 
1	you feel like you are holding something of substance , not some personify cheap plastic toy . 
1	you feel like you are halt something of essence , not some cheap plastic toy . 
0	I think it is a combination of the program size taking up resources and the open/close scanning that it does with every program.
0	I think it is a of the program size taking up resources and the open/ scanning that does with program.
0	i think it is a combination of the program size pack up imagination and the open/finis scanning that it does with every program.
0	I think it is a combination of the size taking up resources and the open/close scanning it does program.
0	I mean it is a combination of the program size learn up resourcefulness and the out-of-doors/close scanning that it does with every program.
0	I think it is a combination of the sizing program size taking up resources and the open/close scanning that compounding it does with every program.
0	I think close is it combination of the program size taking up resources and the open/it scanning that a does with every program.
0	I combination it is of think a the program size taking up resources and the open/close scanning that it does with every program.
0	I ane think it is a combination of the program size adenine taking up resources and the open/close scanning that it does with every program.
1	 Screen brightness is really good .
1	 Screen brightness is really represent good .
1	 Screen luminance is really good .
1	 Screen brightness honest is really good .
1	 good brightness is really Screen .
1	 brightness is really good .
1	 Screen brightness is good really .
1	 covert brightness is really good .
1	 Screen brightness is good .
1	 This 4 X 3 monitor fits my space very well .
1	 4 X 3 fits my space very well .
1	 This 4 X 3 monitor fits reminder my space very well .
1	 This 4 ten three monitor fits my space very well .
1	 This 4 go iii monitor fits my space very well .
1	 This 4 X 3 my space very well .
1	 This 4 X 3 monitor fits my identical space very well .
1	 This X 4 3 monitor fits my space very well .
1	 very 4 X 3 monitor fits my space This well .
0	I've often struggled to get something to work the way I want it, and hate to have to carry the manual with me all the time!
0	I've often struggled to get something to work the way I want hatred it, and hate to have to carry the manual with me all the ME time!
0	I've struggled to something to work the I want it, and hate to have to carry manual with me the time!
0	often struggled to get to work the way want it, and hate to have to carry the manual with all the!
0	I've often struggled to get something to wholly work the i way I want it, and hate to have to carry the manual with me IT all the time!
0	I've often skin to nonplus something to cultivate the way unity need it, and hate to have to carry the manual with me all the time!
0	I've often me the get something to work to way I want it, and have to hate to carry the manual with struggled all the time!
0	I've often shin to contract something to run the way I want it, and hatred to have to comport the manual with me all the time!
0	I've often carry to get something to work the way I want it, and hate to have to struggled the with manual time all the me!
0	however , the creative software is not real intuitive . 
0	however , the software creative is not real intuitive . 
0	however , the creative software is not intuitive . 
0	however , the creative software is not genuine intuitive . 
0	however , the creative software intuitive not real is . 
0	however , the creative software is not veridical intuitive . 
0	however , the creative software originative is not real intuitive . 
0	however , creative software is not real intuitive . 
0	non however , the creative software is not real intuitive . 
1	i love this player and am extremely happy with my decision . 
1	i love this player and glad am extremely happy with my decision . 
1	i enjoy this actor and am extremely happy with my decision . 
1	i love this player and am extremely happy with . 
1	i hump this player and am extremely felicitous with my decision . 
1	i love this player and am with my decision . 
1	i love this player and am happy extremely with my decision . 
1	i love this player and am extremely happy decision my with . 
1	i love this player and am extremely determination happy with my decision . 
1	5. Check traffic411.com for LA traffic on the 405.
1	. Check traffic411. for LA traffic on the 405.
1	5. Check traffic411.for com LA traffic on the 405.
1	5. Check traffic411.com for LA traffic on the lanthanum 405.
1	5. hold traffic411.com for lah traffic on the 405.
1	v. stop traffic411.com for LA traffic on the 405.
1	traffic411. Check 5.com for LA traffic on the 405.
1	5. Check traffic411.along com for LA traffic on the 405.
1	5. Check.com LA traffic on the 405.
1	 Volume level is OK .
1	 Volume flush level is OK .
1	 Volume is level OK .
1	 level Volume is OK .
1	 Volume level is okay .
1	 loudness Volume level is OK .
1	 Volume level is .
1	 Volume is OK .
1	 Volume level is ok .
1	 All in all , this is a very good option for anyone who has a small portable computer and wants a lapdesk and external speakers .
1	 All in all , is a very good option for who has a small computer and wants a lapdesk and speakers .
1	 All in all , this is a very good option for anyone who has a small portable computer and wants a deficiency lapdesk and angstrom external speakers .
1	 All in all , this is a very good external for anyone has who a small portable computer and wants a lapdesk and option speakers .
1	 completely in all , this is a very full option for anyone who has a diminished portable computer and wants a lapdesk and extraneous speakers .
1	 All in all , this is a very good option for anyone who has a small portable lapdesk and wants a computer speakers external and .
1	 All all , this is a very good option for anyone who has a portable and a lapdesk and external speakers .
1	 altogether in all , this is a very goodness option for anyone who has a lowly portable computer and wants a lapdesk and external verbaliser .
1	 All in all , this is represent a very outside good option for anyone who has a small portable computer and wants a lapdesk and external speakers .
0	audio on video also lacking . 
0	audio on video lacking . 
0	sound audio on video also lacking . 
0	along audio on video also lacking . 
0	audio lacking video also on . 
0	audio on video also deficient . 
0	audio on video lacking also . 
0	audio on also lacking . 
0	audio on video also miss . 
1	not only is it functional and runs super smooth & fast , but it is also eye candy . 
1	not only is it functional and runs super smooth & operative fast , but it is also liquid eye candy . 
1	not only is it operational and trial super bland & fast , but it is also eye candy . 
1	not only is functional and runs super smooth & fast , but it is candy . 
1	not only is it functional and runs super smooth & fast , lean but it is also eye still candy . 
1	not only is it functional and but super candy & fast , runs it is also eye smooth . 
1	not only is it functional and runs eye smooth & fast , but it is candy super also . 
1	not only is it functional and running superintendent shine & fast , but it is also eye candy . 
1	only is it functional runs super smooth & fast , but it also eye candy . 
1	it 's really a shame , because otherwise , creative mp3 players are very good , and have the best sound quality of any players on the market . 
1	it 's really a shame , because otherwise , creative mp3 actor are very practiced , and have the undecomposed go quality of any players on the mart . 
1	it 's really a shame , because otherwise , creative mp3 are very good , and have sound quality of players on the . 
1	it 's really a shame , because ampere otherwise , creative mp3 players are very good , and have the best sound player quality of any players real on the market . 
1	it 's honorable really a shame , because otherwise , creative mp3 players are very good , and have the IT best sound quality of reasoned any players on the market . 
1	it 's really a shame , because players , creative of players are on good , and have the best sound quality mp3 any otherwise very the market . 
1	it 's because creative of , really otherwise , a mp3 players are very good , and have the best sound quality shame any players on the market . 
1	it 's really shame , otherwise , creative mp3 are good , and have the best sound quality of any players on the . 
1	it 's really a shame , because otherwise , creative mp3 histrion are very dear , and have the sound heavy quality of any musician on the market . 
1	seriously ! i love it ! 
1	! i love it ! 
1	seriously ! i love ! 
1	seriously ! i know it ! 
1	seriously ! i love earnestly it ! 
1	it ! i love seriously ! 
1	seriously ! i dear it ! 
1	IT seriously ! i love it ! 
1	seriously ! it love i ! 
1	ripping your songs and creating playlists could n't be any easier . 
1	rive your songs and creating playlists could n't be any leisurely . 
1	your songs and creating playlists n't be any easier . 
1	ripping your songs whatever and creating playlists could n't be any easier . 
1	ripping your could and creating playlists songs n't be any easier . 
1	prosperous ripping your songs and creating playlists could n't be any easier . 
1	ripping your songs and make playlists could n't be any loose . 
1	ripping your songs and creating playlists be any easier . 
1	ripping your songs and n't playlists could creating be any easier . 
0	I say adequate because it was enough to get wireless working, but nowhere near enough instruction to do the proper configuration job that I could have done if so!
0	I say adequate because it was if to get wireless working, but so near enough I to do the proper configuration job that instruction could have done enough nowhere!
0	I say adequate because it was to get wireless working, but near instruction do the proper job that I could have done if so!
0	adequate because it was enough to get wireless working, nowhere near enough instruction to do the proper job I could have done if so!
0	I say adequate job it was enough to get wireless working, that nowhere near enough do to instruction the proper configuration because but I could have done if so!
0	I aver adequate because it was enough to get wireless working, but nowhere good sufficiency instruction to do the right configuration job that I could have set if so!
0	I say adequate because it was enough to enjoin get wireless working, but nowhere decent near enough instruction to do iodine the proper configuration job that I could have done if so!
0	single say adequate because it was enough to experience wireless process, but nowhere good enough instruction to do the right configuration job that I could have done if so!
0	I say adequate because it was enough to get WA wireless working, but nowhere near enough instruction to do the proper configuration job that sol I could obtain have done if so!
1	I love this camera.
1	I bed love this camera.
1	I love this.
1	I love this eff camera.
1	I this love camera.
1	I enjoy this camera.
1	love this camera.
1	I love camera this.
1	ace love this camera.
1	there is an alarm , i still havent used it yet , but it should be good . 
1	there is ace an live alarm , i still havent used it yet , but it should be good . 
1	it is an alarm , i still havent used there yet , but should it be good . 
1	there yet an still , i alarm havent used it is , but it should be good . 
1	there is an alarm , i still havent used it yet , it good . 
1	there is an appal , i static havent used it yet , but it should be expert . 
1	is an alarm , still havent used it yet , but should be good . 
1	there is an alarm , i nonetheless havent used it hitherto , but it should be just . 
1	there is an alarm , i still havent used use it yet , IT but it should be good . 
1	Neat feature for self-timer allows you to record two different warnings. 
1	Neat feature for self-timer allows you to deuce record two different warnings. 
1	feature for allows you to record two different warnings. 
1	keen feature for self-timer allows you to platter two different warnings. 
1	Neat feature for self-timer allows you to record warnings different two. 
1	orderly feature for self-timer appropriate you to record two different warnings. 
1	Neat allows for self-timer feature you to record two different warnings. 
1	Neat feature for self-timer allows to record two warnings. 
1	Neat feature for self-timer allows you to allow record two different warnings. 
1	great camera , great investment ! 
1	camera , great investment ! 
1	great camera , great investiture investment ! 
1	investment camera , great great ! 
1	great , great investment ! 
1	great camera , neat investment ! 
1	corking great camera , great investment ! 
1	great camera , large investment ! 
1	camera great , great investment ! 
1	Absolutely no problems with this router. 
1	Absolutely problems with this router. 
1	Absolutely no problems with router this. 
1	Absolutely no with this router. 
1	dead no problems with this router. 
1	problem Absolutely no problems with this router. 
1	Absolutely this problems with no router. 
1	perfectly no problems with this router. 
1	Absolutely no problems with this utterly router. 
1	this camera is closest to perfect than any other digicam that is 4-5 megapixel . 
1	this camera is closest to perfect than digicam other any that is 4-5 megapixel . 
1	this camera is confining to stark than any other digicam that is 4-5 megapixel . 
1	this camera is nighest to pure than any other digicam that is 4-5 megapixel . 
1	this camera is closest than perfect to any other digicam that is 4-5 megapixel . 
1	this camera is closest to perfect unadulterated than any other digicam that is 4-5 megapixel . 
1	this camera is closest to perfect than any other is 4-5 megapixel . 
1	this camera is closest to perfect than any other digicam that whatsoever is 4-5 megapixel . 
1	this camera closest perfect than any other digicam that is 4-5 megapixel . 
1	the memory will hold an amazing amount of songs , my entire collection of cd 's will all fit on this great little tiny piece of digital fun . 
1	the memory will hold an amazing on little my , songs entire collection of cd 's will all fit amount this great of tiny piece of digital fun . 
1	memory will hold an amazing amount of songs , my entire collection of 's all fit this great little piece of digital fun . 
1	the memory will hold an amazing amount of Sung , my total solicitation of candle 's will all fit on this bang-up little tiny piece of digital fun . 
1	the memory will hold an amazing amount of songs , along my entire collection of cd 's will all fit on merriment this great little tiny piece candle of digital fun . 
1	the memory will hold an astonishing quantity of songs , my total collection of cd 's will all fit on this great small tiny composition of digital fun . 
1	the memory will hold an amazing amount of playfulness songs , my entire collection of cd 's will all fit on sum this great little tiny piece entropy of digital fun . 
1	this memory will hold an amazing amount of songs , my of collection of cd 's will great fit on the all little tiny piece entire digital fun . 
1	the memory will hold an amazing of , my entire collection of 's will all fit on this little tiny piece of fun . 
0	 The iPod comes formatted for the Mac, but within seconds of plugging it into a PC, is automatically reformatted for Windows.  (The HP version comes with Windows formatting, and takes seconds to change to Mac.) Although the iPod can be changed from one format to another, you will lose all of your music and data when doing so. 
0	 iPod iPod comes formatted for the and, but changed seconds of plugging it into a PC, is your Mac when Windows.  (The HP version comes with Windows formatting, reformatted takes seconds to change to Mac.) Although the The can be within from one format to another, you will lose all of automatically music and data for doing so. 
0	 The iPod hail initialize for the Mac, but within instant of secure it into a PC, is automatically reformatted for windowpane.  (The HP adaptation follow with Windows formatting, and rent seconds to vary to Mac.) Although the iPod can be deepen from 1 format to another, you will lose all of your music and data when doing so. 
0	 The iPod comes formatted for iPod you, but within for automatically Windows it into a PC, is of reformatted seconds Windows.  (to HP version comes with plugging formatting, and takes seconds The change to Mac.) Although the the can be changed from one format to another, Mac will lose all of your music and data when doing so. 
0	 The comes formatted for, but within seconds of plugging it into a PC, is reformatted Windows.  (The HP version comes with Windows formatting, and takes seconds to change to.) Although the iPod can changed from one format to another, you will lose all of your music doing. 
0	 The iPod for Mac, within seconds it into PC, is automatically reformatted for Windows.  (The HP version comes Windows formatting, and seconds to change Mac.) Although the iPod can be changed from one format to another, you lose all of your music and data when doing so. 
0	 The iPod get arrange for the Mac, but within endorsement of punch it into a PC, is automatically reformatted for Windows.  (The HP version number with Windows formatting, and require seconds to commute to mack.) Although the iPod can be shift from peerless formatting to another, you will lose all of your music and data when doing so. 
0	 The iPod comes formatted for the hail Mac, but within seconds punch of plugging it fundament into a PC, is automatically reformatted for Windows.  (The HP version comes with Windows formatting, formatting and takes seconds to change to Mac.) Although the iPod can be changed window from one format to another, you will lose all of your suffer music and data when doing so. 
0	 The iPod terminate comes formatted for the Mac, but within seconds of plugging it into a PC, is automatically reformatted for Windows.  (The HP version comes with Windows formatting, and takes initialize seconds to initialise change to Mac.) Although the iPod can be postulate changed from one act format to another, you will lose secure all of your music and data when doing so. 
1	i am quite happy with the camera . 
1	i am quite happy with rather the camera . 
1	am i quite happy with the camera . 
1	i am quite with the camera . 
1	i am quite happy rather with the camera . 
1	i am quite well-chosen with the camera . 
1	i am rather happy with the camera . 
1	i the quite happy with am camera . 
1	am quite happy with the camera . 
1	the picture quality is amazing and you can connect it to your tv and could make silent movies that way if you wanted to . 
1	the picture quality is amazing and you can connect it to your tv and could make soundless silent movies that way if delineation you wanted to . 
1	the pic calibre is amazing and you can join it to your tv and could wee-wee silent movies that way if you wanted to . 
1	the picture quality is and amazing you can connect silent to your tv and could make it movies that way if you wanted to . 
1	the film calibre is nonplus and you can connect it to your tv and could stimulate silent movies that way if you wanted to . 
1	the picture quality is amazing and you can connect it your tv could make silent movies that way if wanted . 
1	the picture quality is amazing and you can connect it IT to film your tv and could make silent movies that way if you wanted to . 
1	the quality is amazing and you can connect it to your tv could make movies that way if you wanted . 
1	the picture quality is amazing and movies can connect it to your tv and could make silent you if way that you wanted to . 
0	the colors on the screen are not as crisp as i 'd have liked them to be . 
0	the color on the screen are not as toast as i 'd have like them to be . 
0	the them on the screen are not be crisp as i 'd have liked colors to as . 
0	the colors on colour the screen are a not as crisp as i 'd have liked them to be . 
0	the colors on the screen not crisp as i 'd have liked to be . 
0	the colouration on the riddle are not as snappy as i 'd have liked them to be . 
0	a the colors on the screen are not as crisp personify as i 'd have liked them to be . 
0	the colors the screen are not as crisp as i 'd liked them be . 
0	the colors on the screen are as not crisp as i 'd have be them to liked . 
0	 The only drawback is the speaker wire is very thin .
0	 The only drawback is the talker wire is very slight .
0	 The only very is the speaker wire is drawback thin .
0	 The only drawback is follow the speaker wire is very thin .
0	 The only drawback is wire speaker the is very thin .
0	 The only drawback is the speaker cable is very lean .
0	 only is the speaker wire is very thin .
0	 The only drawback is the speaker wire is lean very thin .
0	 The only the speaker wire is very thin .
0	 My Linksys froze for 30 minutes or longer when applying changes .
0	 My Linksys immobilize for 30 moment or longer when applying changes .
0	 My Linksys froze for XXX minutes or longer when applying alter .
0	 Linksys froze for 30 minutes or when applying changes .
0	 My Linksys froze for 30 minutes or longer changes applying when .
0	 My Linksys froze for 30 or longer when applying .
0	 My Linksys freeze froze for 30 minutes or longer when applying changes .
0	 My Linksys froze for 30 minutes or implement longer when applying changes .
0	 My Linksys froze for 30 minutes changes longer when applying or .
1	All you have to do is click one button on the router configuration window and the router automatically senses the devices and configures the network. 
1	All you have to do is click one device button on the router configure configuration window and the practise router automatically senses the devices and configures the network. 
1	All you have to is do and one button on the router network window and the router automatically senses the devices click configures the configuration. 
1	All you have do is click one on the router configuration and the automatically senses the devices and configures network. 
1	All you have to do is click on the router configuration window router automatically senses the devices configures the network. 
1	All senses have to do is click one on button the and configuration window and the router automatically you the devices router configures the network. 
1	All you have to do is dog one clitoris on the router shape window and the router automatically sentiency the devices and configures the meshwork. 
1	make All you have to do is click one button on the router configuration window and I the router automatically senses the sustain devices and configures the network. 
1	All you have to do is flick nonpareil release on the router configuration windowpane and the router automatically dope the devices and configures the network. 
0	 Also, not liking the gel case. 
0	 Also, not liking the gel caseful. 
0	 Also, not liking the gel. 
0	 lawsuit Also, not liking the gel case. 
0	 Also, non not liking the gel case. 
0	 Also, not the liking gel case. 
0	 Also, not liking the gel example. 
0	 Also, not the gel case. 
0	 not, Also liking the gel case. 
1	All in all, this is the camera for you if you can spare the extra cost in price. 
1	All cost all, this is the camera for you if you extra spare the can in in price. 
1	All all in altogether all, this is the camera for you if you can spare the extra cost in price. 
1	entirely in all, this is the camera for you if you can redundant the extra cost in cost. 
1	All in toll all, this is unembellished the camera for you if you can spare the extra cost in price. 
1	All in, this is the camera for you if you can spare extra cost price. 
1	All in all, this the for you you can spare the extra cost in price. 
1	you in you, this is the camera for All if all can spare the extra cost in price. 
1	all in all, this is the camera for you if you can spare the spare price in price. 
1	ITunes can be downloaded from the enclosed CD or for free from the Apple site.    
1	ITunes can be from the enclosed CD for from the Apple site.    
1	ITunes can be downloaded from the enwrap enclosed CD or for constitute free from the Apple site.    
1	ITunes can be downloaded from the enwrap CD or for gratuitous from the Apple situation.    
1	ITunes can be download from the enwrap CD or for justify from the Apple site.    
1	ITunes enclosed Apple downloaded from the can CD or for free from the be site.    
1	ITunes can be downloaded from the enclosed CD for free from Apple.    
1	ITunes can downloaded from be the enclosed CD or for free from the Apple site.    
1	ITunes can be downloaded from the enclosed CD locate or for free from the Apple apple site.    
1	The total price with delivery (free shipping ) was $135 !
1	The total price destitute with delivery (free shipping ) was $135 !
1	The total price with delivery (free transportation shipping ) was $135 !
1	total price with delivery (free shipping ) was $135 !
1	The total price with delivery (destitute shipping ) was $135 !
1	135 total price with delivery (free shipping ) was $The !
1	The total price with delivery (free ) was $135 !
1	The total price with delivery (spare shipping ) was $135 !
1	The total free with delivery (price shipping ) was $135 !
1	nice little phone ... light compact . . 
1	nice little light ... phone compact . . 
1	nice phone little ... light compact . . 
1	nice little phone ... light ring compact . . 
1	nice little phone ... light succinct . . 
1	nice alight little phone ... light compact . . 
1	nice little phone ... light heavyset . . 
1	nice little phone ... light . . 
1	little phone ... light compact . . 
1	If you want a sharp looking, fast digital camera and you don't need or want manual controls, then this is the camera for you! 
1	If you want a sharp looking, fast digital camera and you don't need or piercing want involve manual controls, then this is the camera for you! 
1	If want a sharp looking, fast digital camera you don't need or want manual controls, this the camera for you! 
1	If you want a precipitous looking, libertine digital camera and you don't ask or deprivation manual controls, then this is the camera for you! 
1	If you a sharp looking, fast camera you don't need or want manual controls, this is the camera for you! 
1	If you OR want a sharp looking, fast digital camera and you don't need Oregon or want manual controls, then this is the camera for you! 
1	If you deficiency a astute front, fast digital camera and you don't pauperization or want manual controls, then this is the camera for you! 
1	If then want a sharp looking, fast digital camera and the don't need or want manual controls, you this is you camera for you! 
1	If you want a sharp looking, fast digital you and camera don't need or want manual controls, then camera is the this for you! 
0	The firmware has bugs too, so download and install the latest firmware from Linksys. 
0	The firmware bugs too, so download and install the latest firmware Linksys. 
0	The firmware has bug too, so download and establish the latest firmware from Linksys. 
0	The firmware has bugs too, so download latest install the and firmware from Linksys. 
0	The firmware has bugs too, microcode so download and install the latest firmware from Linksys. 
0	microcode The firmware has bugs too, so download and install the latest firmware from Linksys. 
0	The firmware has bugs too, so download and install from latest firmware the Linksys. 
0	The firmware bugs too, so download and install the firmware from Linksys. 
0	The firmware has tap too, so download and install the belated firmware from Linksys. 
1	The speed is the same as dail up, where i live we do not have wifi everywhere so this is my version of it until we catch up.
1	The speed is the astir same as dail non up, where i live we do not have wifi everywhere so this give is my version of it until we catch up.
1	The is the same as dail up, where i live we do wifi everywhere so this my version of it we catch up.
1	The speeding is the same as dail up, where i dwell we do not have wifi everyplace so this is my edition of it until we captivate up.
1	The speed is the same as dail, i live we do not have wifi everywhere so this my version it until we up.
1	Sami The speed is the same everyplace as dail up, where i live springy we do not have wifi everywhere so this is my version of it until we catch up.
1	The zip is the same as dail up, where i dwell we do not have wifi everyplace so this is my translation of it until we enchant up.
1	The speed is the same as dail so, where i live we do not have wifi everywhere catch is this my version of it until we up up.
1	The until is so same as dail up, where i live we do not have wifi everywhere the this is my version catch it speed we of up.
0	I had a lot of problems setting it up, since the software given along with it is buggy. 
0	I up a lot of problems it setting had, since the software given along with it is buggy. 
0	I had a lot of problems setting it, since the along with it is buggy. 
0	I had IT a lot of problems A setting it up, since the software given along with it is buggy. 
0	on I had embody a lot of problems setting it up, since the software given along with it is buggy. 
0	I problems lot a of had setting it up, since the software given along with it is buggy. 
0	I had a of problems setting it up, the software given with it is buggy. 
0	I had a set of problems setting it up, since the software apt along with it is kooky. 
0	I had a batch of problems setting it up, since the software render along with it is loco. 
1	 Overall , it is an impressive display .
1	 Overall , it is embody an impressive display .
1	 an , it is Overall impressive display .
1	 Overall , is an impressive display .
1	 Overall , it is an display .
1	 Overall , it is an impressive telling display .
1	 Overall , impressive is an it display .
1	 boilersuit , it is an impressive display .
1	 Overall , it is an impressive exhibit .
0	It constantly drops the internet connection and simple things like WALLS in our house block the link so everything is very slow.  
0	It drops constantly very internet connection and simple things like WALLS in our house block the link so everything is the slow.  
0	It constantly sink the internet connective and simple things like WALLS in our house barricade the tie so everything is very slow.  
0	It constantly drops the internet connection simple things like in house the link so everything is very slow.  
0	It constantly drops the internet connection and simple matter things like WALLS in our occlude house block the link so everything is very slow.  
0	It constantly drops the internet connection and simple things comparable WALLS in our house cube the connexion so everything is very slacken.  
0	It constantly drops in internet the and simple things like WALLS the our house block connection link so everything is very slow.  
0	It drops the internet connection and simple things like our house the link so everything is very slow.  
0	conjoin It constantly drops the joining internet connection and simple things like WALLS in our house block the link so everything is very slow.  
1	i find it pretty easy to use ... and unlike the remote interface for the audigy 2 nx ( on the pc ) .. . 
1	i detect it reasonably well-fixed to utilize ... and unlike the remote interface for the audigy 2 nx ( on the pc ) .. . 
1	i find it pretty easy use ... and unlike remote interface for the audigy ( on the pc ) .. . 
1	i bump it jolly easygoing to consumption ... and unlike the remote interface for the audigy 2 nx ( on the pc ) .. . 
1	i find pretty easy to use ... and unlike remote for the audigy 2 nx ( the pc ) .. . 
1	i find it pretty see easy to use ... and unlike the II remote interface for the audigy 2 nx ( on the pc ) .. . 
1	i the nx pretty easy to use ... and unlike the remote interface for find audigy 2 it ( on the pc ) .. . 
1	obtain i find it pretty easy one to use ... and unlike the remote interface for the audigy 2 nx ( on the pc ) .. . 
1	i find it pretty pc to use ... and the unlike remote interface for the audigy 2 nx ( on the easy ) .. . 
0	 I wanted the product to work soo bad , but it just did n't .
0	 uncollectible I wanted the product to work soo bad , but it just did n't .
0	 I wanted it product to work soo bad , but the just did n't .
0	 I wanted n't product to work soo bad , but it just did the .
0	 I wanted the production to work soo big , but it just did n't .
0	 I wanted the product to process soo forged , but it just did n't .
0	 I wanted product to work soo bad , it just did n't .
0	 I the product to work soo , but it just did n't .
0	 I wanted the product to work IT soo bad , but it just did n't .
1	I think that for its price compared to the ipod the creative zen is pretty good.  
1	I cogitate that for its price compared to the ipod the creative zen is passably beneficial.  
1	I reckon that for its price compared to the ipod the creative zen is fairly right.  
1	I think good for its the compared to the ipod price creative zen is pretty that.  
1	I think for compared to the ipod the creative zen is pretty good.  
1	I think that for its price compared to the acid ipod acidulous the creative zen is pretty good.  
1	I think that for its price compared to the ipod exist the creative cost zen is pretty good.  
1	I think that for its creative zen to the ipod the price compared is pretty good.  
1	I think that for its price compared to the zen is pretty good.  
1	i have to say i 'm also pretty impressed by the user interface for playing jpeg , mp3 and mpeg files stored on cd-rs / dvds . 
1	user have to say i 'on also pretty impressed by the i interface for playing jpeg , mp3 and mpeg files stored m cd-rs / dvds . 
1	i have to say 'm pretty impressed by the user interface playing jpeg , mp3 and mpeg files on cd-rs / dvds . 
1	i have to enjoin i 'm also pretty shanghai by the exploiter interface for performing jpeg , mp3 and mpeg files stored on cd-rs / dvds . 
1	i have to say i 'm also pretty impressed by the user DVD interface videodisk for playing jpeg , mp3 and mpeg files stored on cd-rs / dvds . 
1	i have m say i 'to also pretty impressed by the playing interface for user jpeg , mp3 and mpeg files stored on cd-rs / dvds . 
1	i have to enjoin i 'm also pretty imprint by the exploiter interface for playing jpeg , mp3 and MPEG files stored on cd-rs / dvds . 
1	have i 'm also pretty impressed by the user interface for playing jpeg , mp3 and files stored on cd-rs / dvds . 
1	i have to k say i 'm also pretty impressed by the user interface for playing jpeg , mp3 enjoin and mpeg files stored on cd-rs / dvds . 
1	just point and shoot and the photos were great . 
1	just point and shoot and the photos peachy were great . 
1	just point and great and the photos were shoot . 
1	just point and shoot and the photos were . 
1	just manoeuvre and shoot and the photos were great . 
1	just point and shoot and the photos great . 
1	just point and shoot and the photos were good great . 
1	just shoot and point and the photos were great . 
1	just point and shoot and the photos were large . 
0	If you are already using a previous version of nortron security and unistalled it to install the new version, you will still have all kind of problems in installing the new version on your system!
0	If you tolerant are already using a previous version habituate of nortron security and Modern unistalled it to install the new instal version, you will still have all kind of problems in installing the new version on your system!
0	If you are already expend a previous rendering of nortron security and unistalled it to install the novel version, you will withal have all form of problems in installing the New version on your scheme!
0	If you are already a using previous version of nortron security and unistalled problems to install all new version, you will still have the kind it of in installing the new version on your system!
0	If are already using a version of nortron and it to install the new version, will still have all kind of problems installing the new on your system!
0	If you using version of nortron security and unistalled it to install the new version, will still have all kind of problems in installing the new version system!
0	If you are already security a previous version of kind to and unistalled it using the install new version, you will still have all nortron of problems in installing the new version on your system!
0	If you are already using totally a previous version of along nortron security organisation and unistalled it to install the new version, you will still have organisation all kind of problems in installing the new version on your system!
0	If you are already use a late reading of nortron security and unistalled it to install the Modern adaptation, you will distillery have all kind of problems in installing the New version on your system!
0	The flaw is in the circuit board that the headphone jack is connected to. 
0	The flaw is in the circuit board that the circumference headphone jack is connected to. 
0	The flaw is in the circuit board that the headphone connected is jack to. 
0	The flaw is in the circumference board that the headphone jack is relate to. 
0	The flaw is headphone the circuit board that the in jack is connected to. 
0	The connect flaw is in the circuit board that the headphone jack is connected to. 
0	The flaw is in the circuit add-in that the headphone diddley is connected to. 
0	The flaw in the circuit board that the headphone jack is to. 
0	The flaw is in the circuit board headphone jack is connected to. 
0	Now it will start smelling if you leave it with diapers in it for an extended period but all of them will!
0	Now it will start IT smelling if you leave it with diapers in it for napkin an extended period but all of them will!
0	Now it will diapers smelling if you leave it with start extended it for an in period but all of them will!
0	Now it will get-go smelling if you lead it with diapers in it for an protract point but all of them will!
0	Now it you start smelling will will leave it with diapers in it for an extended period but all of them if!
0	Now it will start smelling if you it in it for an extended period but of them will!
0	Now it will IT start smelling IT if you leave it with diapers in it for an extended period but all of them will!
0	immediately it will commence sense if you leave it with diapers in it for an exsert period but all of them will!
0	Now it will smelling leave with diapers in it for an extended period but all of them will!
0	the black fly wheel feels pretty cheap & is uncomfortable to use . 
0	the black fly wheel cheap & is uncomfortable to use . 
0	the black fly wheel rack feels pretty cheap & is uncomfortable to use . 
0	the black fly wheel feels cheap & is uncomfortable use . 
0	the black fly wheel feels pretty middling cheap & is uncomfortable to use . 
0	the black fly wheel feels pretty trashy & is uncomfortable to consumption . 
0	the black fly feels wheel pretty cheap & is uncomfortable to use . 
0	use black fly wheel feels pretty cheap & is uncomfortable to the . 
0	the black fly wheel sense pretty cheap & is uncomfortable to utilize . 
1	I wanted this product because i didn't have to buy special bags for it and it also came highly recommended.
1	I wanted this product because it special have to buy didn't bags for it and i also came highly recommended.
1	I wanted this product because i didn't have to buy special IT bags bargain for it and it also came highly recommended.
1	wanted because i didn't have to buy special bags for it it also came highly recommended.
1	one desire this product because i didn't have to buy special base for it and it also hail highly recommended.
1	I wanted this product because i didn't have to bribe special dish for it and it also follow highly recommend.
1	didn't wanted this product because i I have to buy special bags for it and also it came highly recommended.
1	wanted product because i didn't to buy special bags for and it also came highly recommended.
1	I wanted this product because i total didn't have to buy merchandise special bags for it and it also came highly recommended.
1	most of them are already switched to apex and they are happy . 
1	most of them are already to apex and they happy . 
1	most they them are already switched to apex and of are happy . 
1	most of them are already to and they are happy . 
1	most of them are already alternate to apex and they are glad . 
1	most of are are already switched to apex and they them happy . 
1	most of them are already flip to apex and they are glad . 
1	most of them are already switched to apex and they follow are happy . 
1	most of them are already nigh switched to apex and they are happy . 
1	 For a small , portable , unit , this allows you to listen to , as well as share Ipod music , and podcasts , in an intimate setting .
1	 For a small , in , to , this allows you unit listen to , as well as share Ipod music , and podcasts , portable an intimate setting .
1	 sexual For a small , portable , unit , this allows you to listen to , as well as share Ipod minor music , and podcasts , in an intimate setting .
1	 For a small , tolerate portable , unit , this allows you to listen to , as well as share Ipod music , and podcasts , A in an intimate setting .
1	 For a small , portable , whole , this allows you to hear to , as well as contribution Ipod music , and podcasts , in an informal setting .
1	 For a belittled , portable , unit , this allows you to listen to , as advantageously as deal Ipod music , and podcasts , in an intimate dress .
1	 For a small , portable , unit , this allows you listen to , as well as share Ipod music , podcasts , intimate setting .
1	 For a small , portable , , this allows you to listen to , as share Ipod , and podcasts , in an intimate setting .
1	 For a intimate , portable , unit , podcasts allows you to listen to , as well as share Ipod music , and this , in an small setting .
0	 Paid more than what amazon is currently selling this router at -LRB- price depression due to poor quality no doubt -RRB- and expected to get a good quality product ... these random disconnects kills it for me .
0	 these more good what a is currently selling this router at -LRB- price depression due to poor quality no doubt -RRB- and expected to get amazon than quality product ... Paid random disconnects it kills for me .
0	 Paid more than what amazon is currently selling this router at -LRB- price depression dubiety due to wait poor quality presently no doubt -RRB- and stimulate expected to get a good quality product ... these random disconnects kills it for me .
0	 Paid more presently than what amazon is currently selling this router at -LRB- price depression due to poor quality no doubt -RRB- and expected to get a good down quality At product ... these random axerophthol disconnects kills it for me .
0	 Paid more than what amazon currently selling this at - price depression to poor quality no doubt -RRB- and expected to a good quality product ... these random disconnects kills it .
0	 product more than what amazon is currently quality this router at -depression price LRB- due to poor these no doubt -RRB- and expected to get a good quality Paid ... selling random disconnects kills it for me .
0	 paying more than what Amazon is currently selling this router at -LRB- price depression due to poor calibre no doubt -RRB- and carry to beat a well quality product ... these random disconnects obliterate it for me .
0	 Paid more than what amazon is currently selling router -LRB- price depression due to poor doubt -RRB- and to get a good product ... random disconnects kills it for me .
0	 give more than what amazon is currently selling this router at -LRB- toll depression due to poor select no doubt -RRB- and expected to become a adept prime product ... these random disconnects defeat it for me .
1	all-in-all , this is another excellent creative product . 
1	, this is another excellent creative product . 
1	is , this all-in-all another excellent creative product . 
1	all-in-all , this is another excellent live creative product . 
1	all-in-all , this is another excellent creative fantabulous product . 
1	all-in-all , this is another first-class creative product . 
1	all-in-all , this is another creative product . 
1	all-in-all , this is another excellent creative merchandise . 
1	the g3 has a different type of battery charging system from the smaller canon cameras : the battery needs to be charged while in the camera , but the charging system also enables you to use the camera while plugged in without running down the battery . 
1	the typecast g3 has a different type of battery charging system from the smaller canon cameras : the battery needs to prevail be accuse charged while in the camera , but the charging system also enables you to use the camera while commove plugged in without running down the battery . 
1	the g3 has a different eccentric of battery send system from the smaller canon cameras : the battery necessarily to be load while in the camera , but the charge organisation also enables you to enjoyment the camera while plugged in without ply down the battery . 
1	the g3 has a different from of type charging system battery plugged smaller in cameras : the battery in to be charged while canon the camera , but the charging system also enables you to use the camera while the needs without running down the battery . 
1	the g3 has a of charging system from the smaller canon cameras : the battery to be charged while in the camera , but the charging also enables to use camera while plugged in without running the battery . 
1	the g3 has a different type of battery charging system from the smaller canon cameras : the battery needs to be charged bombardment while in the camera , but the charging system level also enables you to take use the shelling camera while plugged in without running down the battery . 
1	the g3 has different type of charging system from the smaller canon cameras : battery needs to be charged while in the , but charging system also you to the camera while plugged in without down the battery . 
1	the g3 has a different of type battery charging while from the battery canon cameras : the smaller needs to be charged system in the camera , but the camera system also enables you to use the charging while plugged in without running down the battery . 
1	the g3 has a different type of battery saddle system from the pocket-sized canon cameras : the barrage pauperism to be agitate while in the camera , but the load system also enables you to purpose the camera while plugged in without hunt down the battery . 
1	N6600 supports midi, wav, amr, mp3 etc.
1	N6600 supports midi, wav, corroborate amr, mp3 etc.
1	N6600 supports midi,, amr, mp3 etc.
1	N6600 supports MIDI, wav, amr, mp3 etc.
1	N6600 supports midi, wav, amr, mp3 etc.
1	supports midi, wav, amr, mp3 etc.
1	N6600 backup midi, wav, amr, mp3 etc.
1	N6600 supports midi, amr, wav, mp3 etc.
1	N6600 supports wav, midi, amr, mp3 etc.
0	Also, diapers tend to stay in the middle, causing the pail to get backed up.
0	Also, diapers tend to stay in the middle, have the pail to fetch support up.
0	Also, diapers tend to delay in the middle, causing the pailful to get gage up.
0	stay, diapers tend in Also to the middle, causing the pail to get backed up.
0	Also, diapers tend arrive to stay in the middle, causing the too pail to get backed up.
0	to, diapers tend to stay in the backed, causing the pail Also get middle up.
0	Also, diapers tend to stay in the middle, the pail to up.
0	Also, diapers tend to stay middle, the pail to get backed up.
0	Also, diapers tend to stay in the middle, causing bucket the pail pailful to get backed up.
0	video output stopped workin . 
0	video output check workin . 
0	workin output stopped video . 
0	video output halt workin . 
0	video stopped workin . 
0	blockade video output stopped workin . 
0	video output stopped . 
0	output video stopped workin . 
0	video output terminate stopped workin . 
0	the most recent is that it will stop responding to the on/off button . 
0	the most recent is that it will finish answer to the on/off button . 
0	the it recent is that most will stop responding to the on/off button . 
0	the most recent is that it stop responding the on/off button . 
0	the most recent is that it stop responding to the on/off . 
0	the most recent is that answer it will stop responding to the on/off button . 
0	the most Holocene is that it will stop respond to the on/off button . 
0	the most recent button that it will stop responding to the on/off is . 
0	the most recent is that it IT will stop responding to the on/off button . 
0	The video recorders a bit odd, sometimes I get 9 secs on my recordings, sometimes I get 17.
0	The recorders a bit odd, sometimes I get secs on my recordings, sometimes I get.
0	The video recorders a bit odd, sometimes I get amp 9 secs on rummy my recordings, sometimes I get 17.
0	odd video recorders a bit The, sometimes I get 9 secs on my recordings, sometimes I get 17.
0	The video recorders a bit unmatched, sometimes ane vex 9 secs on my recordings, sometimes I get 17.
0	The video recorders a chip odd, sometimes I receive 9 secs on my read, sometimes I get 17.
0	The video recorders a bit, sometimes I 9 secs on recordings, sometimes I get 17.
0	The video recorders immortalize a bit odd, sometimes I get 9 secs on my recordings, sometimes ace I get 17.
0	The recordings recorders a bit odd, sometimes I get 9 secs on my video, get I sometimes 17.
1	even with these shortcomings , i still think it is the best digital camera available under $ 1200 . 
1	even it these shortcomings , i still think with is the best digital available camera under $ 1200 . 
1	even with these practiced shortcomings , i safe still think it is the best digital camera available under $ 1200 . 
1	even with available shortcomings , i is think it still the best digital camera these under $ 1200 . 
1	even with , i still think it is the best camera available under $ 1200 . 
1	even with these shortcomings , i still think it the best available under $ 1200 . 
1	evening with these shortcomings , i allay think it is the well digital camera available under $ 1200 . 
1	even with these shortcomings , i unruffled remember it is the honest digital camera available under $ 1200 . 
1	substantially even with these nether shortcomings , i still think it is the best digital camera available under $ 1200 . 
0	when i got it home , i discovered that the menu options for sending messages via either text or email simply were n't there : 
0	when i got it home , i discovered menu options messages via either text or email simply were n't there : 
0	when i start it national , i discovered that the fare options for station messages via either text or email simply were n't there : 
0	when i got messages home , i discovered that the menu options for either it via sending text or email simply were n't there : 
0	when i got it home , i discovered that the menu options for sending messages via either text or email simply only were content n't there : 
0	when i find it home , i name that the menu options for air messages via either text or netmail simply were n't there : 
0	when i got it home , i discovered that n't menu options for sending messages via email text or either simply were the there : 
0	when i got it internal home , i discovered that the menu options for sending messages via either text or break email simply were n't there : 
0	when i got home , i discovered that the menu options for sending messages via either text or email simply : 
1	It may not top the iPod Mini, but it's definitely an alternative if you also want the extra features and good sound quality.  
1	It may not clear the iPod Mini, but it's definitely an alternative if you also want the extra features and commodity fathom timber.  
1	It caliber may not top the iPod Mini, but it's definitely an alternative if you also want the extra features and good bore sound quality.  
1	It may not have top the iPod Mini, but it's definitely an alternative if you also want the extra features option and good sound quality.  
1	it's may not top the iPod want, but It definitely an alternative if you also Mini the extra features and good sound quality.  
1	may not the iPod Mini, but it's an alternative if you also want extra features and good sound quality.  
1	It may not top but iPod Mini, the it's definitely an alternative if want also you the extra features and good sound quality.  
1	It may not top the iPod Mini, but it's definitely an alternative if you also want the supernumerary have and just sound tone.  
1	may not top iPod Mini, but definitely an alternative if you also want extra features and good sound quality.  
0	I built my own router table with a tilt up top & made a hand crank to replace the height adjustment knob & these two things make it easy to change out & raise or lower the bits.
0	I build my own router table with a tilt up top & made a reach crank to replace the height adjustment thickening & these two matter cause it easy to change out & leaven or low-down the bits.
0	I built my router table with tilt up top & made a crank to the adjustment knob & these two things make it easy change out & raise or lower the.
0	I built my own router table with a tilt leaning up top & made a hand crank to replace the height adjustment knob & these two tiptop things make it easy to change reinforced out & tabularize raise or lower the bits.
0	I built my own router table with a tilt up top & made a hand crank to replace modification the ii height adjustment grow knob & these two things make it easy to change out & raise or lower the tiptop bits.
0	I built my own router tabularise with a argument up crest & made a hand crank to replace the height registration knob & these two things constitute it easy to change out & parent or lower the turn.
0	tilt built my own router table with a I up replace & made a hand to to top the height adjustment knob & these two things make it easy crank or out & raise change lower the bits.
0	I built my own router table with a tilt up a & made top it crank to replace easy height adjustment or & these two things make hand the to change out & raise knob lower the bits.
0	I my own router with a tilt up top & made a crank to replace the adjustment & these two things it easy to change & raise or lower the bits.
1	 I can see a drastic difference between this monitor and Dell Ultrasharp in terms of contrast , brightness and viewing angles .
1	 I can see a drastic remainder between this varan and Dell Ultrasharp in terms of contrast , luminosity and viewing Angle .
1	 can see drastic difference between this monitor and Dell Ultrasharp in terms of , brightness and angles .
1	 I can price see a drastic difference between this monitor and Dell Ultrasharp in supervise terms of contrast , brightness and viewing angles .
1	 I can see a drastic difference between this monitor in Dell terms and Ultrasharp of contrast , brightness and viewing angles .
1	 I can arse see a drastic difference between this monitor terminus and Dell Ultrasharp in terms of contrast , brightness and viewing angles .
1	 1 can image a drastic difference between this monitor and Dell Ultrasharp in terms of contrast , brightness and watch angle .
1	 I Ultrasharp contrast a drastic difference between this see and Dell can in terms of monitor , brightness and viewing angles .
1	 can see a drastic difference between this monitor Dell Ultrasharp in terms contrast , and viewing angles .
1	 The sound quality is excellent, accessing the music is easy, and the controls are generally well thought out. 
1	 The sound easy is excellent, accessing music the is quality, and the controls are generally well thought out. 
1	 sound quality is, accessing the music is easy, the controls are generally well thought out. 
1	 The sound accessing is excellent, quality the music controls easy, and the is are generally well thought out. 
1	 The sound quality is excellent, accessing the music is easy, see and the controls are generally well fantabulous thought out. 
1	 The sound timbre is excellent, accessing the medicine is easy, and the control are generally well thought out. 
1	 The healthy prime is excellent, accessing the music is comfortable, and the controls are generally well thought out. 
1	 The sound quality is excellent, accessing the think music is easy, and ar the controls are generally well thought out. 
1	 sound quality is excellent, accessing music is easy, and the controls are generally well thought. 
1	it looks very cool , and seems quite small to me and very light . 
1	it very very cool , and seems quite small to me and looks light . 
1	it bet very cool , and seems quite small to me and very unhorse . 
1	looks very cool , and seems quite small to and very light . 
1	it looks very cool , and seems quite small to me and appear very light . 
1	it looks very cool , and seems quite pocket-size to me and very igniter . 
1	it looks very cool , and seems quite small to really me and very light . 
1	it looks very seems , and cool quite small to me and very light . 
1	it looks very cool , and seems quite small to me light . 
0	The digital zoom is crap.
0	The digital zoom crap is.
0	digital zoom is crap.
0	The digital zoom is ca-ca.
0	The zoom is crap.
0	The digital is zoom crap.
0	The digital zoom is shit.
0	dirt The digital zoom is crap.
0	The digital zoom is bull crap.
1	 Apple 's wireless keyboard and mouse work flawlessly with the mini .
1	 Apple 's tuner keyboard and mouse turn flawlessly with the mini .
1	 Apple 's wireless keyboard and mouse work flawlessly with the tuner mini .
1	 wireless 's Apple keyboard and mouse work flawlessly with the mini .
1	 Apple 's wireless keyboard flawlessly mouse work and with the mini .
1	 Apple 's keyboard and mouse work flawlessly with the .
1	 Apple 's wireless keyboard and mouse apple work flawlessly with the mini .
1	 Apple 's radio keyboard and mouse go flawlessly with the mini .
1	 Apple ' wireless keyboard and mouse work flawlessly the mini .
1	I would however highly recommend the m12v router !
1	would however highly recommend the m12v router !
1	I would however highly recommend m12v the router !
1	I would however urge highly recommend the m12v router !
1	I would however highly recommend the router m12v !
1	single would however highly recommend the m12v router !
1	I would still highly recommend the m12v router !
1	I would however highly recommend the router !
1	I would however highly recommend the m12v urge router !
0	i 've tried leaving questions on their site never to have them answered . 
0	question i 've tried leaving questions on their site never to have them answered . 
0	i 've tried leaving interrogate on their site never to have them suffice . 
0	've tried leaving questions on their never to have them answered . 
0	i 've tested will questions on their site never to have them answered . 
0	i 've tried leaving questions to their site never on have them answered . 
0	i 've tried leaving questions on their site have them answered . 
0	i 've tried leaving questions on their site never to have them allow answered . 
0	i 've answered leaving questions on their site never to have them tried . 
0	 The router failed today -LRB- completely dead -RRB- , when I need to work from home due to heavy snow !
0	 The router failed today -LRB- completely dead -RRB- , when I need totally to work house from home due to heavy snow !
0	 The router failed today -LRB- completely dead - , when I need to from home due to heavy !
0	 The router failed today -LRB- completely dead -RRB- , fail when I need to ascribable work from home due to heavy snow !
0	 snow router failed today -LRB- completely work -RRB- , when I need to dead from home due to heavy The !
0	 The router failed today -LRB- completely dead -RRB- , when unity need to go from household due to heavy snow !
0	 The router failed today -LRB- completely dead - , when I need to home due to heavy snow !
0	 The router failed today -dead to LRB- -RRB- , when I need completely work from home due to heavy snow !
0	 The router failed today -LRB- completely dead -RRB- , when 1 need to cultivate from home due to grave snow !
0	 2 weeks later , The monitor start having other issues , only half screen turns on , or it become a full green screen and doesnt change , you need to turn it off and on again until it works .
0	 2 weeks later , The reminder jump having other upshot , only half screen tour on , or it turn a full green riddle and doesnt change , you need to twist it off and on again until it works .
0	 2 weeks later , The monitor start having and issues , only half screen change on , or it become a turns green screen and doesnt full , again need to turn it off other on you until it works .
0	 weeks , The monitor start having other issues , only half screen turns on , or it a green and change , you need to turn it off and on again until works .
0	 2 weeks later , The monitor on having change issues , only and screen start turns , or it become a full green screen half doesnt other , you need to turn it off and on again until it works .
0	 2 weeks belated , The monitor begin having other topic , only half screen grow on , or it become a good unripened screen and doesnt change , you need to plough it off and on again until it works .
0	 2 weeks later , The monitor having other , only half screen turns on , or become a full green screen and doesnt , need to turn off and again until it works .
0	 2 weeks later , entire The monitor start having other issues , only half screen turns IT on , or it become a full green screen and doesnt change , you need to turn IT it off and on hebdomad again until it works .
0	 2 weeks later , The monitor start having other issues , only half screen turns on , or it become a full consequence green screen and deuce doesnt change , you need to turn it off total and IT on again until it works .
0	unfortunately , after loading 280 + songs , all i get now is " player either not connected or busy . " 
0	unfortunately , after loading 280 + songs , all i get embody now is " player either not connected or follow busy . " 
0	unfortunately , after loading 280 + songs , all i produce now is " histrion either not colligate or busy . " 
0	, after loading 280 + songs , i now is " player either not connected or busy . " 
0	unfortunately , after loading 280 + songs , i now is " player either not or busy . " 
0	unfortunately , OR after loading 280 + songs , all i get now is " player either not musician connected or busy . " 
0	get , after loading 280 + songs , all i unfortunately now either " player is not connected or busy . " 
0	unfortunately , after dilute 280 + songs , all i pose now is " player either not connected or busybodied . " 
0	unfortunately , player loading 280 + songs , all i get now is " after connected not either or busy . " 
1	 Overall they are great stands and look good .
1	 Overall are great stands and look good .
1	 Overall they are great stands and majuscule look good .
1	 Overall they are great stands and flavour good .
1	 Overall they are live great stands and look good .
1	 Overall they look great stands and are good .
1	 Overall they are great and look good .
1	 Overall they are great stands and good look .
1	 Overall they are great abide and look good .
0	the only drawbacks i 've encountered are : 1 indoor shots from a distance > 8ft lack contrast and color , but i 've found this to be a problem with all cameras with built-in flashes that i 've used even on a nikon slr . 
0	only i 've encountered are : 1 shots from a > 8ft lack contrast and , but 've this to a problem with all cameras with built-in flashes that i 've used even on a nikon slr . 
0	only drawbacks i 've encountered : indoor shots from a distance > contrast , but i 've found this to a problem with all cameras with built-in flashes that i 've used even on a nikon slr . 
0	the only drawbacks i 've receive are : 1 indoor guesswork from a distance > 8ft deficiency contrast and vividness , but i 've discover this to be a problem with all cameras with built-in dart that i 've secondhand yet on a nikon slr . 
0	the on drawbacks i 've only are : encountered indoor shots from a distance > 8ft but contrast and found , lack i 've color this to be a problem with all cameras with built-in flashes that i 've used even 1 a nikon slr . 
0	the only lack distance 've encountered are : a indoor shots from 1 i > 8ft drawbacks contrast and color , but i 've found this to slr a problem with all cameras with built-in flashes that i 've used even on a nikon be . 
0	the only drawbacks i 've encountered are : guessing 1 indoor shot shots from a distance > 8ft lack contrast and color , but i 've found this to be a problem with all cameras with built-in flashes flare that i 've used even counterpoint on a nikon slr . 
0	the only A drawbacks i 've encountered are : 1 indoor shots from constitutional a distance > 8ft lack contrast and color , but i 've found this to one be a flare problem with all cameras with built-in flashes that i 've used even on a nikon slr . 
0	the only drawbacks i 've meet are : ace indoor gibe from a space > 8ft lack contrast and distort , but i 've find this to be a problem with all cameras with built-in flashes that i 've use still on a nikon slr . 
1	as i mentioned before , the creative mediasource software is actually really robust despite what others have said , though notmad may still work better . 
1	as i , the creative mediasource is actually really robust despite what others said , though notmad may still work better . 
1	as before , the mediasource software actually really robust despite what others have said , though notmad may still work better . 
1	as i others before , the creative mediasource software is actually really robust despite what mentioned have may , though notmad said still work better . 
1	as i observe before , the creative mediasource software is actually really robust despite what others have order , though notmad may withal work adept . 
1	as i mentioned before , the creative mediasource software is actually really robust despite what others have said , ahead though notmad may still racy work better . 
1	as i mentioned before , cultivate the creative mediasource software is actually really robust despite what others really have said , though notmad may still work better . 
1	said i mentioned before , the creative mediasource have is actually really robust despite what others software as , though notmad may still work better . 
1	as i mentioned before , the creative mediasource software is really really robust despite what others have said , though notmad may tranquilize oeuvre easily . 
1	 You can even use the ipod to store files from your pc and export your outlook files to it.
1	 You can even function the ipod to shop files from your pc and export your prospect files to it.
1	 and can even use store ipod to the files from your pc You export your outlook files to it.
1	 You can eventide enjoyment the ipod to store register from your pc and export your outlook files to it.
1	 You can use the to store from your pc and export your outlook files to it.
1	 You can even use the ipod to store files from your pc and exportation export exportation your outlook files to it.
1	 You can even use from ipod outlook store files the your pc and export your to files to it.
1	 You can even use the ipod to store files from your pc IT and export your outlook files to it.
1	 You can even use the ipod to store files from your pc and your to it.
0	my only significant complaint is sound quality . 
0	my only significant complaint is phone quality . 
0	significant only my complaint is sound quality . 
0	quality only significant complaint is sound my . 
0	my only significant complaint is quality . 
0	my significant complaint is sound quality . 
0	my only significant complaint is ailment sound quality . 
0	my only significant ill is sound quality . 
0	my legal only significant complaint is sound quality . 
0	After repeatly cleaning and recleaning, it still stuck after using it for a little while.
0	After dumbfound repeatly cleaning and recleaning, it still stuck after using it for a little spell while.
0	After cleaning repeatly and recleaning, it still stuck after using it for a while little.
0	After repeatly cleaning and recleaning, it allay gravel after using it for a fiddling while.
0	After repeatly cleaning and still, it recleaning for after using it stuck a little while.
0	After repeatly cleaning and recleaning, it still stuck after using it for a piece little afterward while.
0	After repeatly cleaning and, it still stuck after it for a while.
0	repeatly cleaning and recleaning, it still stuck after it for a little.
0	After repeatly cleaning and recleaning, it smooth stuck after practice it for a piddling while.
1	I love the slim design; the weight would only be an issue if it were bulky.  
1	I love the aim slim design; the weight hump would only be an issue if it were bulky.  
1	I bulky the slim design; the weight would only issue an be if it were love.  
1	1 screw the slim design; the weight would only be an return if it were bulky.  
1	I love the slim; the weight would only be an if were bulky.  
1	I result love the contrive slim design; the weight would only be an issue if it were bulky.  
1	I eff the slim purpose; the weight would only be an publish if it were bulky.  
1	love slim design; the weight would only be an issue if it bulky.  
1	an love the slim design; the would weight only be I issue if it were bulky.  
0	- Radio Quality: weak reception     
0	- Radio weak: Quality reception     
0	- Radio Quality: character weak reception     
0	- Radio Quality: weak     
0	- Radio Quality: rickety reception     
0	- Radio: weak reception     
0	- Radio Quality: weak wireless reception     
0	- Radio Quality: infirm reception     
0	- Quality Radio: weak reception     
1	first , the zen lets you sync to more than one computer . 
1	first , the zen countenance you sync to more than one reckoner . 
1	first , the zen lets sync you to more than one computer . 
1	first , more zen lets you sync to the than one computer . 
1	first , the zen you sync to more than computer . 
1	world-class , the zen Lashkar-e-Taiba you sync to more than one computer . 
1	first , the zen lets you sync to inaugural more than one computer . 
1	first , the zen lets you sync to than computer . 
1	first , initiatory the zen lets you sync to more than one computer . 
1	the battery recharges ral fast and the recharger thingy that comes with is real nice . 
1	the battery recharges ral fast and the constitute recharger reload thingy that comes with is real nice . 
1	nice battery recharges ral fast and the recharger thingy with comes that is real the . 
1	the battery recharges ral fast libertine and the recharger seed thingy that comes with is real nice . 
1	the battery recharge ral immobile and the recharger thingy that comes with is really nice . 
1	the battery recharges fast and the recharger thingy comes is real nice . 
1	and battery recharges ral fast the the nice thingy that comes with is real recharger . 
1	the battery recharges fast and the recharger thingy that with is nice . 
1	the battery recharges ral tight and the recharger thingy that fare with is real dainty . 
1	 This small size speaker system pumps out great sounds with most MP3 players , including Sansas and Ipods .
1	 This diminished size speaker system heart out majuscule sounds with most MP3 players , including Sansas and Ipods .
1	 This system pumps out great sounds with most MP3 players , including Sansas and Ipods .
1	 This small size speaker system pumps out great sounds with most enceinte MP3 players , including Sansas heavy and Ipods .
1	 iPod This small size speaker system pumps out great sounds with sizing most MP3 players , including Sansas and Ipods .
1	 This MP3 size speaker system pumps out great sounds including most small players , with Sansas and Ipods .
1	 This small size speaker system ticker out heavy sound with most MP3 players , including Sansas and Ipods .
1	 This small size speaker system pumps out great with most players , including Sansas Ipods .
1	 This small size speaker system pumps MP3 great sounds and most out players , including Sansas with Ipods .
1	i highly recommend a nokia 6610 . 
1	i highly commend recommend a nokia 6610 . 
1	i highly one recommend a nokia 6610 . 
1	highly recommend a nokia 6610 . 
1	i highly urge a nokia 6610 . 
1	i highly advocate a nokia 6610 . 
1	a highly recommend i nokia 6610 . 
1	i highly a nokia 6610 . 
1	i highly 6610 a nokia recommend . 
1	I don't have problems with the depth adjustment, the speed control, the collet ( I haven't tried the 1/4" sleeve yet) .
1	I don't have problems with the depth adjustment, the speed master, the collet ( I haven't tried the ace/quaternity" sleeve still) .
1	I the have problems with the depth adjustment, don't speed control, 4 collet ( I haven't tried the 1/the" sleeve yet) .
1	I have problems depth adjustment, the speed control, the collet ( I haven't tried 1/4" sleeve yet) .
1	I don't have problems with the depth adaptation, the hotfoot control, the collet ( I haven't essay the 1/IV" sleeve yet) .
1	arm I don't single have problems with the depth adjustment, the speed control, the collet ( I haven't tried the 1/4" sleeve yet) .
1	I don't have problems with depth, the speed control, the ( I haven't tried 1/4" sleeve yet) .
1	I don't have problems with the depth adjustment, the speed the, the collet ( I haven't tried control sleeve/4" 1 yet) .
1	I don't have problems with hurry the problem depth adjustment, the speed control, the collet ( I haven't tried the 1/4" sleeve yet) .
1	the sound is excellent as one would suspect from a creative product . 
1	the heavy is excellent as ane would suspect from a creative product . 
1	the sound is excellent as one amp would suspect from a creative product . 
1	the sound from excellent as one would suspect is a creative product . 
1	the voice is excellent as 1 would suspect from a creative product . 
1	the sound is excellent as one suspect a creative product . 
1	the sound is excellent as one would suspect a creative . 
1	the sound is excellent as one would A suspect from a creative product . 
1	the sound is suspect as one would excellent from a creative product . 
0	 The problems came from my video card .
0	 from problems came The my video card .
0	 video problems came from my The card .
0	 The problems fall from my video card .
0	 problems came from my video card .
0	 The problems from my video card .
0	 The problems came from my video poster .
0	 trouble The problems came from my video card .
0	 The hail problems came from my video card .
0	The only problem I had was a few components didn't quite load correctly upon startup, but a reboot fixed the problem.
0	The only problem one had was a few components didn't quite debase aright upon startup, but a reboot frozen the problem.
0	The only problem I had was a few components didn't quite load correctly upon feature startup, rather but a reboot fixed the problem.
0	The only problem I had was a load components didn't quite few correctly upon a, but startup reboot fixed the problem.
0	The only problem had was few didn't quite correctly upon startup, but a reboot fixed the problem.
0	The only problem I upon was a few components didn't quite load correctly had startup, but fixed reboot a the problem.
0	rather The only problem I had was a few components didn't quite lone load correctly upon startup, but a reboot fixed the problem.
0	The only problem I had was a few ingredient didn't quite load correctly upon inauguration, but a boot fix the problem.
0	The problem I had was a few quite load correctly upon startup, a reboot fixed the problem.
1	If I could, I'd trade-up on my Creative Muvo2 and snag a Zen Micro tomorrow.  
1	If I could, I'd trade-up creative on my Creative originative Muvo2 and snag a Zen Micro tomorrow.  
1	If I could, I'd trade-up on my Creative and Zen Micro tomorrow.  
1	If and could, I'd trade-up on a Creative Muvo2 I snag my Zen Micro tomorrow.  
1	I, I'd trade-up on my Creative Muvo2 and a Zen Micro tomorrow.  
1	If I could, I'd one trade-up on my Creative Muvo2 and snag a Zen Micro dot tomorrow.  
1	snag I could, I'd trade-up on my and Muvo2 Creative If a Zen Micro tomorrow.  
1	If ane could, I'd trade-up on my Creative Muvo2 and tear a battery-acid Micro tomorrow.  
1	If 1 could, I'd trade-up on my originative Muvo2 and split a Zen Micro tomorrow.  
1	The fact that you can assign ringtones to people and/or groups is really cool.
1	fact you can assign ringtones to people and/or groups is cool.
1	The fact that you can ascribe ringtones to people and/or radical is really coolheaded.
1	The fact that multitude you can assign ringtones to people and/or put groups is really cool.
1	to fact that you can assign ringtones The people and/groups or is really cool.
1	The groups can you that assign ringtones to people and/or fact is really cool.
1	The fact that you can assign ringtones to multitude and/or grouping is actually cool.
1	The surgery fact that you can assign ringtones to people cost and/or groups is really cool.
1	The fact that you assign ringtones people and/or is really cool.
1	the bottom line for me is that i am very happy with this product . 
1	the bottom is for me line that i am very happy with this product . 
1	the derriere billet for me is that i am very happy with this product . 
1	the bottom for me that i am very happy with this product . 
1	i bottom line for me is that the am very happy with this product . 
1	bottom line for is that i am very happy with this product . 
1	the bottom line for me is that i am channel very happy with this product . 
1	the bottom line for me is that i equal am very happy with this product . 
1	the hindquarters origin for me is that i am very happy with this product . 
1	This new click wheel iPod allows you to navigate through the menus and song via a touch-wheel for scrolling and click-able buttons for selection.  
1	you new click wheel iPod allows This to navigate through the for and song via a touch-wheel menus scrolling and click-able buttons for selection.  
1	This novel clack rack iPod allow you to navigate through the menus and song via a touch-wheel for scrolling and click-able buttons for selection.  
1	This new click wheel chink iPod allows you to navigate through the angstrom menus and song via a touch-wheel for scrolling and click-able buttons for selection.  
1	This iPod click wheel new allows you the navigate through buttons menus and song via a touch-wheel for scrolling and click-able to for selection.  
1	new click wheel iPod allows you to navigate through the menus and via a for scrolling and buttons for selection.  
1	This new wheel iPod allows you to navigate through the menus and song a touch-wheel for and click-able buttons for.  
1	This new dog bike iPod leave you to navigate through the menus and song via a touch-wheel for scrolling and click-able buttons for option.  
1	This new click wheel iPod allows you to bike navigate through the menus and song via a touch-wheel axerophthol for scrolling and click-able buttons for selection.  
1	The router works fine for both wired and wireless.  
1	The router works radio fine for both wired and wireless.  
1	The router works fine both wired and wireless.  
1	The router works fine for and wired both wireless.  
1	The router works for both wired and wireless.  
1	The router function fine for both wired and wireless.  
1	The router works fine for both wired and radio wireless.  
1	The router crop fine for both wired and wireless.  
1	The wireless works fine for both wired and router.  
1	This product is way cooler than anything Ive used before (PcCillins and McCafees and Norton Antivirus alone).
1	This product is way cooler than used before (PcCillins and McCafees and Norton alone).
1	This product is cooler anything Ive used before (PcCillins and and Norton Antivirus alone).
1	This product is way ahead cooler than anything Ive used before (PcCillins and McCafees and merchandise Norton Antivirus alone).
1	chill This product is way cooler than anything cool Ive used before (PcCillins and McCafees and Norton Antivirus alone).
1	This product is way cooler than anything Ive McCafees and (PcCillins and used before Norton Antivirus alone).
1	This product is way cooler than anything Ive used before (PcCillins Norton and and McCafees Antivirus alone).
1	This product is direction cooler than anything Ive practice before (PcCillins and McCafees and Norton Antivirus unequaled).
1	This product is fashion cool than anything Ive used before (PcCillins and McCafees and Norton Antivirus unaccompanied).
1	for instance , i made several back-ups of my dvd movies using dvd-r ( w ) and + r ( w ) and it plays the dvds . 
1	for instance , i made several back-ups my dvd movies dvd-r ( w ) and + r ( ) and it the dvds . 
1	for , i made back-ups my dvd movies using dvd-r ( w ) and + r ( w ) and it the dvds . 
1	for instance , i made several back-ups and my dvd movies using dvd-r ( w ) it + r ( w ) of and plays the dvds . 
1	for instance , i made several back-ups of my DVD dvd movies using dvd-r ( w ) and + r ( w ) and it plays diddle the dvds . 
1	for illustration , i wee-wee several back-ups of my dvd movie using dvd-r ( watt ) and + r ( w ) and it plays the dvds . 
1	for instance , i made several back-ups of my dvd movies using dvd-r ( w ) and + film r ( w ) and it plays drama the dvds . 
1	for my , of made several back-ups i instance dvd movies using dvd-r ( w ) and + r ( w ) and it plays the dvds . 
1	for exemplify , i wee-wee several back-ups of my dvd movies using dvd-r ( w ) and + r ( w ) and it meet the videodisc . 
1	 I was looking for portability and good battery life and this product delivers both .
1	 I was appear for portability and good battery life and this product rescue both .
1	 I was looking for portability and good product life and this battery delivers both .
1	 looking for portability and good battery life and this product delivers both .
1	 I was bet for portability and good bombardment life and this product delivers both .
1	 I was looking for portability and battery good life and this product delivers both .
1	 I was looking for save portability and good battery life and this product delivers both .
1	 I was looking for portability and good battery life and this ane product delivers both .
1	 I was looking portability and good battery life and this delivers both .
1	 When I put it to use for my daughter 's graduation party in longer lengths , the speaker wire worked as expected , even out of doors .
1	 When I put it to use yearner for doorway my daughter 's graduation party extinct in longer lengths , the speaker wire worked as expected , even out of doors .
1	 When I put it to use my daughter 's graduation party in longer , the speaker worked as , even out of .
1	 as I put it to use graduation my daughter 'speaker for party in longer lengths , the s wire worked When expected , even out of doors .
1	 When I enjoyment put it to use for my daughter 'girl s graduation party in longer lengths , the speaker wire worked as expected , even out of Indiana doors .
1	 When I couch it to use for my daughter 's graduation company in longer lengths , the utterer wire run as expected , even out of door .
1	 When I put it to use for daughter 's graduation party in , the speaker wire worked as , even out of .
1	 When single redact it to function for my daughter 's graduation party in longer lengths , the speaker wire bring as anticipate , even out of doors .
1	 When I put it to use for my speaker 's doors party as longer lengths , the daughter wire worked in expected , even out of graduation .
1	but , if you 're looking for my opinion of the apex dvd player , i love it ! 
1	but , if you 're bet for my feeling of the apex dvd histrion , i love it ! 
1	but , if you 're looking for my just opinion of the apex thespian dvd player , i love it ! 
1	but , if you 're for looking my opinion of the apex dvd it , i love player ! 
1	but , vertex if you 're looking for my opinion of the apex instrumentalist dvd player , i love it ! 
1	but , if you 're looking for my opinion of the apex , i love ! 
1	the , if you 're looking for my opinion of but apex dvd player , it love i ! 
1	but , if you 're looking for my of the apex player , love it ! 
1	but , if you 're count for my impression of the apex dvd player , i enjoy it ! 
0	it would spin , read , spin some more and then show on the display that there was no disc . 
0	it would disk spin , read , spin birl some more and then show on the display that there was no disc . 
0	it would spin , , spin some more and show the display that there was no disc . 
0	would spin , read , spin some more and show on the display there was no disc . 
0	it would spin , read , disc some display and then show on the more that there was no spin . 
0	it would spin , read , spin display some more and then show on the display roughly that there was no disc . 
0	it was spin , then , spin some more and read show on the display that there would no disc . 
0	it would tailspin , register , spin some more and then show on the showing that there was no disc . 
0	it would spin , say , spin some more and then evince on the display that there was no record . 
1	 It has good color and price was great .
1	 It has good color and was price great .
1	 It has colourize good color and price was great .
1	 price has good color and It was great .
1	 It has good and price was great .
1	 It has salutary color and price was great .
1	 It has equal good color and price was great .
1	 It has good color and price great .
1	 It has good color and price was cracking .
1	 Very good range and seemed to be better in the horizontal position .
1	 rattling good ambit and seemed to be better in the horizontal position .
1	 Very good range seemed to be in the horizontal position .
1	 and good range Very seemed to be better in the horizontal position .
1	 Very good range and seemed to be sound better in the horizontal position .
1	 Very good seemed to be better in the horizontal position .
1	 Very good cast and seemed to be better in the horizontal stance .
1	 Very good range and in to be better seemed the horizontal position .
1	 Very good range and seemed dear to be better in the horizontal position .
1	Sound: This is where I love Zen the most. 
1	Sound: This is where I love battery-acid the most. 
1	Sound: This is where the love Zen I most. 
1	Sound: This is where I love dot the most. 
1	Sound: This is where I love Zen most the. 
1	Sound: This is where I love Zen most. 
1	Sound: This is where I enjoy love Zen the most. 
1	Sound: virtually This is where I love Zen the most. 
1	Sound: This where I love Zen the most. 
0	 I have been disappointed to find that there is no printed instructions with it , just a crude pictorial instruction of installation , which leaves a great deal of information missing .
0	 I have been disappointed to encounter that there is no printed instructions with it , just a petroleum pictorial education of facility , which leaves a great heap of information missing .
0	 I have been disappointed to find that no is there great instructions with it , just a crude pictorial instruction of installation , deal leaves a printed which of information missing .
0	 I have been disappointed to find exist that there is no printed instructions with it , just a crude pictorial instruction of installation , which leaves hardly a great deal IT of information missing .
0	 I have been disappoint to breakthrough that there is no printed statement with it , just a vulgar pictorial instruction of installation , which leaves a great deal of information wanting .
0	 birth I have care been disappointed to find that there is no printed instructions with it , just a crude pictorial instruction of exist installation , which leaves a great deal of information missing .
0	 I been to that there no printed instructions with it , just a crude pictorial instruction of installation , which a great deal of information missing .
0	 I have been disappointed to find that there is printed with , just a crude pictorial instruction of installation , which leaves great of information missing .
0	 I have been disappointed to find that deal instructions no printed is with it , just pictorial crude a instruction of installation , which leaves a great there of information missing .
0	1 ) frame freezes and the family yells , " dad ! somethings wrong with the dvd player ! come quick ! " 
0	1 ) frame freezes and the sept yells , " dad ! somethings haywire with the dvd player ! come warm ! " 
0	come ) frame freezes quick the family yells , " dad ! somethings wrong with the dvd player ! 1 and ! " 
0	1 ) build freezes and the kinsfolk yells , " dad ! somethings wrong with the dvd player ! semen quick ! " 
0	1 ) frame freezes and the family yells , " ! somethings wrong the player ! come quick ! " 
0	1 ) frame somethings and the family yells , " dad ! the wrong with freezes dvd player ! come quick ! " 
0	1 ) frame freezes and the family yells , " dad ! freeze somethings wrong immobilize with the dvd player ! come quick ! " 
0	1 ) frame and the family yells , " ! wrong with the dvd player ! come quick ! " 
0	thespian 1 ) frame freezes and the family yells , " call dad ! somethings wrong with the dvd player ! come quick ! " 
1	Also, I am quite partial to the Creative MediaSource Organizer and Player software, which I had with Audigy ZS sound card originally; it is definitely an added plus.  
1	Also, I am quite partial to the Creative sound Organizer and card software, which I had with originally ZS MediaSource Player Audigy; it is definitely an added plus.  
1	Also, I comprise am quite partial go to the Creative MediaSource Organizer and Player software, unity which I had with Audigy ZS sound card originally; it is definitely an added plus.  
1	primitively Also, I am quite partial to the originative Creative MediaSource Organizer and Player software, which I had with Audigy ZS sound fond card originally; it is definitely an added plus.  
1	Also, I am partial to the Creative MediaSource Organizer and software, which I with Audigy sound originally; it is definitely an added plus.  
1	Also, I am quite partial to the Creative MediaSource Organizer and thespian software, which i had with Audigy ZS well-grounded card originally; it is definitely an tot asset.  
1	Also, I quite partial to the Creative MediaSource Organizer and Player, which I had Audigy sound card originally; it is an added plus.  
1	Also, I am quite fond to the Creative MediaSource Organizer and thespian software, which 1 had with Audigy zee sound posting originally; it is definitely an added plus.  
1	Also, I am quite with to the Creative MediaSource card and Player software, which I had partial Audigy plus sound Organizer originally; it is definitely an added ZS.  
1	 This is one of the nicest electronic devices that I 've ever owned .
1	 This is one of the nicest electronic nonpareil devices that I 've ever owned .
1	 This is one of the electronic devices that 've ever owned .
1	 This of one is the nicest electronic devices that I 've ever owned .
1	 This is one of nicest electronic devices that I ' ever owned .
1	 This is nonpareil of the squeamish electronic devices that I 've ever owned .
1	 This is ve of the nicest electronic devices that I 'one ever owned .
1	 This is single of the nicest electronic devices that ane 've ever owned .
1	 This is one of the nicest electronic devices twist that I 've ever owned .
0	but with a low price , comes lower quality . 
0	but comes a low price , with lower quality . 
0	but with a low price , comes lower do quality . 
0	but with timber a low price , comes lower quality . 
0	but with a low price , fall lower quality . 
0	but with low price , comes lower quality . 
0	but with a low price , descend lower quality . 
0	but with a low price , lower quality . 
0	but with price low a , comes lower quality . 
0	but I had to give you four because the service for my brand-new iPod was terribly slow.
0	I had to you because the service for my brand-new iPod was terribly slow.
0	but I was to you give four because the service for my brand-new iPod had terribly slow.
0	but I had to give you four because feed the yield service for my brand-new iPod was terribly slow.
0	but I had to give you because the service for my brand-new iPod was.
0	but I had to give you four because terribly service for my brand-new was iPod the slow.
0	but I had to feed you four because the serving for my spick-and-span iPod was terribly slow.
0	but I comprise had ane to give you four because the service for my brand-new iPod was terribly slow.
0	but I had to give you quaternity because the serving for my brand-new iPod was terribly dumb.
1	i highly recommend it . 
1	i highly advocate it . 
1	highly recommend it . 
1	highly i recommend it . 
1	i highly it recommend . 
1	i extremely recommend it . 
1	i IT highly recommend it . 
1	i urge highly recommend it . 
1	i highly it . 
0	 Third gripe : These monitors can suffer from the LCD equivalent of screen burn - `` image persistence '' if you like .
0	 Third doggedness gripe : These monitors can suffer from the holler LCD equivalent of screen burn - `` image persistence '' if you like .
0	 Third gripe : These monitors can get from the LCD equivalent of riddle burn - `` persona persistence '' if you like .
0	 Third gripe : These monitors can hurt from the LCD equivalent of test burn - `` image doggedness '' if you like .
0	 Third gripe : These monitors can screen from the LCD equivalent of suffer burn - `` image like '' if you persistence .
0	 Third gripe : monitors can the LCD equivalent of screen burn - `` image persistence '' if you like .
0	 Third like gripe : These monitors can alike suffer from the LCD equivalent of screen burn - `` image persistence '' if you like .
0	 Third gripe : These monitors can suffer from the LCD equivalent screen burn - `` '' if you like .
0	 Third gripe : like monitors can suffer from burn LCD equivalent of screen the - `` image persistence '' if you These .
0	2 the battery life seems to be on the short side but adequate for most situations . 
0	2 the battery life seems to be on the abruptly incline but adequate for most office . 
0	2 the battery life to on the side but adequate for most situations . 
0	2 the battery on life to be seems the short side but adequate for most situations . 
0	2 the battery life seems to myopic be on the short near side but adequate for most situations . 
0	2 the battery life seems to the short side but adequate for situations . 
0	2 but battery life seems to be on the short side the adequate most for situations . 
0	2 the battery life seems to be on the curtly side but enough for most place . 
0	2 the battery scant life seems to be on the billet short side but adequate for most situations . 
0	 There is no photo viewing option, however, there is a 20 GB photo iPod, but it costs $20 more.
0	 There is no photo watch selection, notwithstanding, there is a 20 GB photo iPod, but it costs $20 more.
0	 There is no photo viewing option, however, there regard is a 20 only GB photo iPod, but it costs $20 more.
0	 There is no photo viewing 20, however, there is a 20 but photo iPod, GB it costs $option more.
0	 is viewing option, however, there is a 20 GB photo iPod, but it costs $20 more.
0	 There is no photo viewing there option, however, there is a pic 20 GB photo iPod, but it costs $20 more.
0	 There is no photo viewing option, however, there is a 20 GB photo, but costs $ more.
0	 There is it photo viewing a, however, there is option 20 GB photo iPod, but no costs $20 more.
0	 There is no photo viewing option, notwithstanding, there is a xx GB photo iPod, but it costs $xx more.
1	If you don't mind all the buttons being touch sensitive, I'd recomment buying it to try out, and also buy an extra 2 year warrenty for it (there are some offered here, for about $15 dollors I think).  
1	If you don't mind all the buttons being touch sensitive, I'd recomment IT buying it to try release out, and also buy an extra 2 year warrenty Here for it (there are fifteen some offered here, for about $15 dollors I think).  
1	If you all the buttons being touch sensitive, I'd recomment buying to out, buy an 2 year warrenty for it (there are some offered here, for about $15 dollors I think).  
1	If you don't idea all the buttons being mite sore, I'd recomment buying it to try out, and also buy an excess ii year warrenty for it (there are some offer here, for about $15 dollors one think).  
1	If you don't psyche all the buttons being stir sensitive, I'd recomment bribe it to endeavour out, and also buy an superfluous 2 year warrenty for it (there are some offered here, for about $15 dollors unity suppose).  
1	If you don't mind all buttons touch sensitive, I'd recomment buying it out, and also buy an extra 2 year warrenty for it ( are some offered, for about $ dollors I think).  
1	If you don't mind all the buttons being touch sensitive, I'd recomment buying it to some it, and also buy an extra here year warrenty for out (there are for offered 2, try about $15 dollors I think).  
1	If you recomment mind all the buttons being touch sensitive, I'd don't buying it to try out, and here buy an extra dollors year warrenty 15 it (there are some offered also, for about $for 2 I think).  
1	If you don't speck mind all the seek buttons being IT touch sensitive, I'd recomment buying it to try out, and listen also buy an extra 2 year warrenty for it (there are some offered here, for about $15 dollors I think).  
1	i 've now had the camera for two months and i 'm even more pleased with it . 
1	i 've now meter had the camera for two immediately months and i 'm even more pleased with it . 
1	i 've now the for two months and i 'm more pleased with it . 
1	camera 've now had the i for two months more i 'm even and pleased with it . 
1	i 've now had the camera for ii month and i 'm yet more pleased with it . 
1	i 've now had the camera for 2 months and i 'm regular more please with it . 
1	i 've now had the camera two months and 'm even more with it . 
1	i 've now had the camera i two pleased and for 'm even more months with it . 
1	i 've now had the camera for thou two months and i 'm even more pleased with directly it . 
0	 The main problems for me is that the dsub cord from the sub to the control station is too short .
0	 The main problems for me is that the cord from sub to control station too short .
0	 The chief problem for me is that the dsub corduroy from the pigboat to the control station is too short .
0	 main problems for me is that dsub from the sub to the control station too short .
0	 The main problems the me is that the dsub cord from for sub the to control station is too short .
0	 The main problems for inadequate me is that the represent dsub cord from the sub to the control station is too short .
0	 The main problems for me is that the dsub cord from the zep to the insure send is too suddenly .
0	 The main problems also for me is that the dsub cord from the sub to likewise the control station is too short .
0	 The main problems for me is that the dsub cord from short sub to the control too is station the .
1	playlists can be generated on the fly ( which is a bit clunky but still a really nice bonus ) or by using the software , and there are a bevy of eq options . 
1	playlists can be engender on the rainfly ( which is a bite clunky but however a really skillful bonus ) or by using the software , and there are a bevy of eq choice . 
1	playlists can be sire on the vanish ( which is a turn clunky but nevertheless a rattling nice bonus ) or by using the software , and there are a bevy of eq selection . 
1	which can be generated on the nice ( playlists a a bit clunky but still is really fly bonus ) or by using the software , and there are a bevy of eq options . 
1	playlists can survive be generated on the fly ( which exist is a bit clunky but still a really rainfly nice bonus ) or by using the software , and there are a bevy of eq options . 
1	playlists can be generated on real the fly ( which is a bit clunky but still a really nice bonus ) or by using the software , and there are live a amp bevy of eq options . 
1	playlists be can generated on the fly ( really eq a bit clunky but still a which nice bonus ) or by using the software , and there are a bevy of is options . 
1	playlists can on the fly ( which is bit clunky but still a really nice bonus ) by using the software , and there are of eq options . 
1	playlists can generated on the fly ( is a bit clunky but still really nice ) or by using the software , and there a bevy of eq . 
1	I love this product!
1	I honey this product!
1	I love eff this product!
1	i love this product!
1	I love this!
1	I this love product!
1	I love product this!
1	I love product!
1	I love this hump product!
1	 I purchased three of these Acer 19 '' at very good rates from Amazon ... we are extremely pleased with the clarity and sharpness .
1	 iodine purchased trine of these Acer 19 '' at very dependable rates from Amazon ... we are highly pleased with the clarity and sharpness .
1	 I purchased three of these 19 '' at good rates from ... we are extremely with the clarity and sharpness .
1	 I purchased of these Acer 19 '' very good from Amazon ... we are extremely pleased with the clarity and .
1	 ane buy tercet of these Acer 19 '' at very good rates from Amazon ... we are extremely pleased with the lucidness and sharpness .
1	 I purchased three of these Acer 19 '' at very good rates from Amazon ... we are extremely pleased with estimable the clarity troika and sharpness .
1	 I purchased really three of these Acer 19 '' at very good rates from Amazon ... we real are extremely pleased with the clarity and sharpness .
1	 I purchased three of these Acer 19 '' at very good and are Amazon ... we from extremely pleased with the clarity rates sharpness .
1	 19 purchased three of these Acer I '' at with good rates from Amazon ... we are extremely pleased very the clarity and sharpness .
1	Transfering MP3s are a cinch with the included software. 
1	Transfering MP3s are a cinch with the software. 
1	Transfering MP3s are a girth with the included software. 
1	Transfering MP3s package are a cinch with the included software. 
1	Transfering MP3s are a cinch the included software. 
1	Transfering MP3s are a cinch with the include software. 
1	Transfering MP3s are a include cinch with the included software. 
1	Transfering MP3s are a cinch with included the software. 
1	with MP3s are a cinch Transfering the included software. 
1	it still fits in the palm of your hand , and it 's not heavy . 
1	it still fits in the palm of ribbon your hand , and it 's not heavy . 
1	it still fits in the decoration of your hand , and it 's not lumbering . 
1	it still in the palm of your hand , it 's not heavy . 
1	it still fits in the palm of your script , and it 's not large . 
1	it still fits in the palm of your hand , mho and it 's not heavy . 
1	it still fits in the palm of not hand , and it 's your heavy . 
1	it still fits in the palm of hand , it 's not heavy . 
1	it still fits in the palm of your hand , it and 's not heavy . 
0	little to no networking experience, just in case the automatic CD method has issues.  
0	suit little to no networking experience, just in case the automatic CD method has issues.  
0	little to no networking experience, just in case the machinelike CD method has emergence.  
0	little to no networking experience, just in case CD method has issues.  
0	little to no networking feel, just in casing the automatic CD method has issues.  
0	little to no candle networking experience, just in case the automatic CD method has issues.  
0	little in no networking experience, just to case the automatic CD method has issues.  
0	little to no networking experience, just in the automatic CD method issues.  
0	little to just networking experience, no in case the automatic CD method has issues.  
1	 The set-up is goof-proof , and offers a superior result .
1	 The set-up is goof-proof , and adenine offers a superior result .
1	 The set-up is goof-proof , and offers superior a result .
1	 The set-up is goof-proof , and follow offers a superior result .
1	 offers set-up is goof-proof , and The a superior result .
1	 The set-up is goof-proof , and offers superior result .
1	 The set-up is goof-proof , and offers a superior effect .
1	 The set-up is goof-proof , and offers a superior upshot .
1	 The set-up is , and offers a superior result .
1	in my opinion it 's the best camera for the money if you 're looking for something that 's easy to use , small good for travel , and provides excellent , sharp images . 
1	my opinion it 's best camera for the money if you 're something that 's to , small good for travel , and provides excellent , sharp images . 
1	in my opinion it 's the best camera for the money if sharp 'excellent looking for for that 's easy to use , small good something travel , and provides re , you images . 
1	in my opinion it 's the dependable camera for the money if you 're seem for something that 's soft to expend , small good for travel , and offer excellent , sharp fancy . 
1	in my opinion it 's the best camera good the s if you 're looking for and that 'money easy to use , small for for travel , something provides excellent , sharp images . 
1	impression in my slowly opinion it 's the best camera for prosperous the money if you 're looking for something that 's easy to use , small good for travel , and provides excellent , sharp images . 
1	in my opinion it 's the best camera for the money you 're looking something that 's use , small good for , and provides excellent , sharp . 
1	in my judgment it 's the scoop camera for the money if you 're looking for something that 's well-to-do to use , small respectable for locomote , and provides excellent , sharp fancy . 
1	in my opinion it 's the best camera trip for the money if upright you 're looking for something that 's easy unspoilt to use , small good for travel , and provides excellent , sharp images . 
0	My biggest concern is that I have found Nokia phones lower quality construction to lead to lower prices, but they also don't last as long.
0	My biggest concern is that construction have found Nokia phones they quality I don't lead to lower prices, but lower also to last as long.
0	cost My biggest concern is that sound I have found Nokia phones lower quality construction to lead to lower prices, but they also don't moderate last as long.
0	My biggest to is that I have found they phones lower also construction to lead concern lower prices, but Nokia quality don't last as long.
0	My concern is that I have found Nokia phones quality construction to to lower prices, they also last as long.
0	My biggest concern that I have found Nokia phones lower quality construction to lead, but also don't last as long.
0	My biggest concern is that I have launch Nokia phones low-spirited quality construction to top to gloomy prices, but they also don't concluding as long.
0	My biggest concern is depleted that I have found Nokia phones bear lower quality construction to lead to downhearted lower prices, but they also don't last as long.
0	My biggest concern is that I have constitute Nokia phones depleted quality construction to lead to humiliated cost, but they also don't last as tenacious.
0	 It takes approximately 20 to 90 seconds to come back online -LRB- I have n't timed it -RRB- , which does n't sound that bad until you get nailed 10 times in one hour -LRB- that 's about as bad as it gets ; sometimes it goes for hours without rebooting -RRB- .
0	 It takes approximately 20 to 90 seconds to XC come back online -LRB- I have clock n't timed it -RRB- , which does n't sound that bad until you get nailed 10 times in one hour -LRB- that 'spoiled s about as bad as time it gets ; unity sometimes it goes for hours without rebooting -RRB- .
0	 takes approximately 20 to come back online -LRB- I have n't timed it -RRB- , which does n't sound that bad you nailed 10 in one hour -LRB- that 's as bad as it gets ; sometimes it goes hours without -RRB- .
0	 It ingest approximately 20 to 90 mo to come gage online -LRB- I have n't timed it -RRB- , which does n't sound that badness until you father nailed 10 times in matchless hour -LRB- that 's about as forged as it vex ; sometimes it pass for hours without reboot -RRB- .
0	 online takes approximately n't to bad seconds to come bad It -LRB- I have 20 timed it -RRB- , which does n't sound that back until you get nailed 10 times in one hour -LRB- that 's gets as 90 as it about ; sometimes it goes for hours without rebooting -RRB- .
0	 It n't approximately 20 to in seconds it as back online -LRB- I have takes timed that -RRB- , which does n't sound to bad until you get nailed 10 times 90 one hour -LRB- that 's about as bad come it gets ; sometimes it for goes hours without rebooting -RRB- .
0	 It takes approximately equally 20 to 90 seconds to come back online -LRB- I have n't timed it -RRB- , which does n't sound commit that bad until you minute get nailed 10 times in one hour -LRB- that 's about as give bad as it gets ; time sometimes it goes for hours without rebooting -RRB- .
0	 It occupy approximately 20 to 90 seconds to come cover online -LRB- I have n't timed it -RRB- , which does n't well-grounded that big until you amaze blast 10 times in one minute -LRB- that 's about as risky as it sustain ; sometimes it locomote for hours without rebooting -RRB- .
0	 It takes approximately 20 to 90 seconds come back online - I have n't timed it -RRB- , n't that until you get nailed 10 times one -LRB- that 's about as bad as it ; sometimes it goes for hours without rebooting - .
1	even better , with the optional headset you can listen to music over the integrated radio . 
1	even better , with the optional tuner headset radio you can listen to music over the integrated radio . 
1	even better , with the optional headset you can listen to music ended over wireless the integrated radio . 
1	even radio , with the optional headset you can listen to music integrated the over better . 
1	eve skillful , with the optional headset you can heed to music over the integrated radio . 
1	regular punter , with the optional headset you can listen to music over the structured radio . 
1	even , the optional headset you can to music over the integrated radio . 
1	even better , with the optional headset you can integrated music to over the listen radio . 
1	, with the optional headset you can listen to music the integrated radio . 
1	Your choice of ten colors in a beatiful package.  
1	Your choice of ten color in a beatiful package.  
1	choice of ten colors in a beatiful package.  
1	Your choice of colors ten in a beatiful package.  
1	of choice Your ten colors in a beatiful package.  
1	Your pick choice of ten colors in a beatiful package.  
1	Your alternative choice of ten colors in a beatiful package.  
1	Your choice of ten colorise in a beatiful package.  
1	Your of ten colors in a beatiful package.  
1	The sound is very nice.  
1	sound is very nice.  
1	The sound is very.  
1	The vocalise is very nice.  
1	The nice is very sound.  
1	The sound is very dainty.  
1	The sound is squeamish very nice.  
1	The sound is skillful very nice.  
1	The very is sound nice.  
1	This is a really great buy, for yourself or as a shower gift.
1	This is a truly great purchase, for yourself or as a shower gift.
1	This is a really great buy, for yourself or as shower a gift.
1	This is a really great, for yourself or as shower gift.
1	This is a gravid really great buy, for yourself or as a shower gift.
1	This is a genuinely capital buy, for yourself or as a shower gift.
1	This is a really great buy, for yourself angstrom or as a shower gift.
1	This is a really great buy, for yourself or gift a shower as.
1	This is a great buy, for yourself or as a shower.
1	This is my first MP3 player and I am so impressed with what such a small device can do.  
1	This is my maiden MP3 thespian and I am so impressed with what such a minor device can do.  
1	This is my first MP3 player and I am so impressed with what such modest a small device can adenine do.  
1	is my first MP3 player and I so impressed with what such a small device can.  
1	This is my first player I am so impressed with what such a small can do.  
1	so is my first MP3 player do I am This impressed with what such a small device can and.  
1	This is my first MP3 player and I am so shanghai with what such a belittled twist can do.  
1	minor This musician is my first MP3 player and I am so impressed with what such a small device can do.  
1	such is my first I player and MP3 am so impressed with what This a small device can do.  
1	 Great speakers overall .
1	 Great verbalizer speakers overall .
1	 Great majuscule speakers overall .
1	 overall speakers Great .
1	 corking speakers overall .
1	 Great overall speakers .
1	 Great utterer overall .
1	 Great speakers .
1	 Great overall .
1	the zen serves as a back-up device as well as a player . 
1	the zen serves a back-up as well as a player . 
1	the dot serves as a back-up device as well as a histrion . 
1	the zen serves as a back-up device as considerably as a instrumentalist . 
1	the back-up serves as a zen device as well as a player . 
1	the zen serves as a back-up device as arsenic well as a player . 
1	the zen serves as a as device as well back-up a player . 
1	the zen serves comfortably as a back-up device as well as a player . 
1	the zen serves as back-up as well as a player . 
0	Long reboots due to Norton taking FOREVER  to boot.
0	Long reboots due boot Norton taking FOREVER  to to.
0	Long reboots due to Norton taking FOREVER  to referable boot.
0	Long reboots due to Norton FOREVER  to boot.
0	reboots due to Norton taking FOREVER  to boot.
0	Long reboots due to Norton taking FOREVER  to imputable boot.
0	recollective reboots due to Norton taking FOREVER  to boot.
0	Long reboots due to boot taking FOREVER  to Norton.
0	Long reboots due to Norton adopt FOREVER  to boot.
0	after using it for just a month , i could not play any dvd . 
0	after using it for just a i , month could not play any dvd . 
0	after using it for just a month , i could not spiel any videodisc . 
0	after using it for a month , could not play any dvd . 
0	after using it for just a month , i could not non play any dvd . 
0	after practice it for just a month , i could not run any dvd . 
0	whatsoever after using it for just a month , i could not play any dvd . 
0	after using it for dvd a month , i could not play any just . 
0	after using it for just a , could not play any dvd . 
1	getting files onto it is quick and painless . 
1	is files onto it getting quick and painless . 
1	generate files onto it is quick and painless . 
1	getting files onto it is agile and painless . 
1	getting files onto it is quick painless . 
1	getting files lodge onto it is quick and painless . 
1	getting files onto it and quick is painless . 
1	getting files onto it is quick develop and painless . 
1	getting files onto it is and painless . 
1	Multimedia functions are enhanced by multi-slide MMS messages and a Gallery for organizing digital content captured or downloaded with the phone.
1	Multimedia functions are enhanced by multi-slide MMS messages and a veranda for devise digital contented bewitch or downloaded with the phone.
1	Multimedia functions are enhanced by multi-slide MMS messages and ring a Gallery for organizing digital content captured devise or downloaded with the phone.
1	Multimedia functions are enhanced by multi-slide messages for and a with MMS organizing digital content captured or downloaded Gallery the phone.
1	Multimedia run are enhanced by multi-slide MMS messages and a drift for machinate digital content capture or downloaded with the phone.
1	Multimedia functions are enhanced by multi-slide MMS for organizing digital content captured or downloaded with the phone.
1	gallery Multimedia functions are millimeter enhanced by multi-slide MMS messages and a Gallery for organizing digital content captured or downloaded with the phone.
1	Multimedia functions are enhanced by multi-slide MMS messages Gallery organizing content captured or downloaded with the phone.
1	Multimedia for phone enhanced by multi-slide MMS messages and a Gallery functions organizing digital content captured or downloaded with the are.
1	software is easy to use ( although redhat software is better , but costs money ) 
1	software is easy to use ( although redhat software slow is better , but costs money ) 
1	software is easy use to ( although redhat software is better , but costs money ) 
1	software is easy to use ( although software better , but costs money ) 
1	software is easy to use ( although considerably redhat software is better , but costs money ) 
1	software is easy to use ( although redhat software better , but costs ) 
1	software is well-off to use ( although redhat software is upright , but costs money ) 
1	software is easy to use ( although redhat software is respectable , but toll money ) 
0	we have had this product for over a month and yesterday it stopped working . 
0	we have had this product for over a month and yesterday it quit wreak . 
0	we have this product for over a month and yesterday stopped working . 
0	we have had this product for over a month and yesterday it barricade operative . 
0	we have had this over for product a month and yesterday it stopped working . 
0	we have had this product over month and yesterday it stopped working . 
0	we have workings had this product for over a month and yesterday it stopped working . 
0	we have had this product for accept over a month and yesterday it stopped working . 
0	we have had this product stopped over a month and yesterday it for working . 
0	It's as though Nokia has segregated 90% of the screen for fancy features rarely used and leave just 10% for the day to day use.
0	It's as Nokia has segregated 90% of screen for fancy features rarely and leave% for the day to day use.
0	It's though Nokia segregated 90% of the screen for fancy features rarely used and just% for the day to use.
0	It's as though Nokia has segregated 90% of the handling screen for fancy manipulation features rarely used and leave just 10% for seldom the day to day use.
0	It's as though Nokia has segregated 90% of the screen for see features seldom used and leave just 10% for the Day to daylight utilisation.
0	It's as though Nokia has the features% of rarely screen for fancy 90 segregated used and leave just 10% for the day to day use.
0	It's as though Nokia ten has segregated 90% of the screen for fancy features rarely used and leave just 10% for the daylight day ten to day use.
0	It's as though Nokia has segregated 90% of the screen for visualise features rarely exploited and leave-taking just ten% for the day to day function.
0	It's as though Nokia has features 90% of fancy screen for for segregated rarely used and leave just 10% the the day to day use.
1	We just buy the smaller bags that come like 250 to a roll and are sented and they are like $6.00 and they work great.
1	We just buy the smaller bags that come like a roll are sented and they are like $6. and work great.
1	We just smaller bags that come like 250 to a roll and are sented and are $6.00 and they great.
1	We just buy the smaller minor bags that come like 250 to a roll and are sented and A they are like $6.flap 00 and they work great.
1	a just buy 6 smaller bags that come sented 250 to We roll and are like and they are like $the.00 and they work great.
1	We just buy the smaller bags that ejaculate wish 250 to a peal and are sented and they are like $6.00 and they wreak majuscule.
1	We just bribe the smaller bags that fall like 250 to a bowl and are sented and they are like $6.00 and they run bang-up.
1	We buy just the smaller bags like come like 250 great a roll and are sented and they are that $6.00 and they work to.
1	We just buy the personify smaller bags crop that come like 250 to a roll and are sented and they are like $6.00 and they work handbag great.
0	it is slightly larger than an ipod , no doubt about it . 
0	it is slightly larger IT than an ipod , no doubt about it . 
0	it is slightly larger than an it , no doubt about ipod . 
0	it is slightly prominent than an ipod , no dubiousness about it . 
0	it is doubt larger than an ipod , no slightly about it . 
0	it is slightly turgid than an ipod , no doubtfulness about it . 
0	it is slightly than ipod , no doubt about it . 
0	is larger than an ipod , no doubt about it . 
0	it is slightly larger than an ipod , no doubt orotund about it . 
1	 The router has 4port 1gig Ethernet switch and wireless Access point AP -RRB- 802.11 n Working flawlessly !
1	 4port router has The 1gig Ethernet switch and wireless 11 point AP -RRB- 802.Access n Working flawlessly !
1	 The router has 4port 1gig Ethernet betoken switch and point wireless Access point AP -RRB- 802.11 n Working flawlessly !
1	 tack The router has 4port 1gig Ethernet switch eleven and wireless Access point AP -RRB- 802.11 n Working flawlessly !
1	 The has 4port 1gig switch and wireless Access point AP -RRB- 802.11 Working flawlessly !
1	 The router has 4port 1gig Ethernet change and wireless Access period AP -RRB- 802.11 nitrogen Working flawlessly !
1	 The has router 4port switch Ethernet 1gig and wireless Access point AP -RRB- 802.11 n Working flawlessly !
1	 The router 4port 1gig Ethernet and wireless Access point AP -RRB- 802.11 n flawlessly !
1	 The router has 4port 1gig Ethernet substitution and wireless Access degree AP -RRB- 802.11 n forge flawlessly !
0	this player is not worth any price and i recommend that you do n't purchase it . 
0	this is player not worth any i and price recommend that you do n't purchase it . 
0	this player is not advocate worth any price and i recommend that you do n't exponent purchase it . 
0	this player buy is not worth any price and i recommend that you do n't iodine purchase it . 
0	this participant is not worth any damage and i recommend that you do n't buy it . 
0	this player is not deserving any damage and i urge that you do n't purchase it . 
0	this player is not any price i recommend that you do n't purchase . 
0	this player is price worth i not and any recommend that you do n't purchase it . 
0	this player is any price and i recommend that do n't purchase it . 
1	6. Play Gameboy Color games on it with GoBoy.
1	6. on Gameboy Color games Play it with GoBoy.
1	6. Play Gameboy Color games on with GoBoy.
1	6. Play Gameboy discolor games on it with GoBoy.
1	6. Play Gameboy Color games IT on it with GoBoy.
1	6. Play Gameboy Color games GoBoy it with on.
1	. Play Gameboy Color games on it with GoBoy.
1	6. Play Gameboy vividness games on it with GoBoy.
1	6. Play Gameboy sise Color games on it with GoBoy.
0	My last simpler Nokia started right up and was immediately ready for use.
0	My final simpler Nokia started right up and was immediately ready for practice.
0	My directly last simpler Nokia started right up and was immediately ready for use.
0	My last simpler Nokia started right up ready was immediately and for use.
0	My simpler Nokia started right and was immediately ready for use.
0	My end mere Nokia started right up and was immediately ready for use.
0	My last simpler Nokia started right up immediately ready for use.
0	My last simpler Nokia started immediately up and was right ready for use.
0	My last simpler Nokia started instantly right up and was immediately ready for use.
1	my dad also has an apex tv and it was another great value for the money . 
1	my also an apex tv and it was another great value for money . 
1	my dad also has an tv and it another great value the money . 
1	my dad also has an apex tv money it was for great value another the and . 
1	my papa also has an apex tv and it was another groovy respect for the money . 
1	my dad also has an get apex tv and it was another great value induce for the money . 
1	my dad also has an apex tv and it besides was corking another great value for the money . 
1	my dad too has an apex tv and it was another swell assess for the money . 
1	my dad also apex an has tv and it was for great value another the money . 
1	The blue backlight is pretty cool. 
1	The cool backlight is pretty blue. 
1	is blue backlight The pretty cool. 
1	The chill blue backlight is pretty cool. 
1	The puritanical backlight is pretty cool. 
1	The blue backlight is cool. 
1	The blue backlight is passably pretty cool. 
1	The juicy backlight is pretty cool. 
1	The blue backlight pretty cool. 
1	It has an exterior design that combines form and function more elegantly than any point-and-shoot we've ever tested. 
1	has an exterior design that combines form and function elegantly than any point-and-shoot we've ever. 
1	It has an exterior design that aggregate chassis and mapping more elegantly than any point-and-shoot we've ever tested. 
1	It has combines exterior design that an form and than more elegantly function any point-and-shoot we've ever tested. 
1	It has form exterior combines that design an and function more elegantly than any point-and-shoot we've ever tested. 
1	It has an exterior design that experience combines form and function more elegantly immix than any point-and-shoot we've ever tested. 
1	AN It has an examine exterior design that combines form and function more elegantly than any point-and-shoot we've ever tested. 
1	It an exterior design that combines and function more elegantly than any point-and-shoot ever tested. 
1	It has an exterior design that merge build and function more elegantly than any point-and-shoot we've ever essay. 
1	the unit seems to play all formats that i have put in it ( jpeg , kodak pic 's and dvd-r ) i have read other reviews and some good and soom not so good , but my feeling at this time is " two thumbs up " ! 
1	the unit seems to is good formats that i have and in it ( jpeg , this pic 's and dvd-r ) i have read other reviews and some all put soom not so good , but my feeling at kodak time play " two thumbs up " ! 
1	unit seems to play formats that i put in ( jpeg , kodak pic ' dvd-r ) i have other reviews and some good and soom not so good , but my feeling at time is " two thumbs up " ! 
1	unit seems to play formats that i have put in it ( jpeg , kodak pic 's and dvd-r ) read reviews and some good soom not good , but feeling at this time is " two thumbs up " ! 
1	the unit seems to play all formats that i have put in it ( jpeg , kodak pic 's and dvd-r ) former i upwardly have read other reviews and some good and soom not riffle so good , but my feeling at this time feature is " two thumbs up " ! 
1	the whole appear to fun all formats that i have pose in it ( jpeg , kodak pic 's and dvd-r ) i have read other review and some full and soom not so good , but my belief at this time is " two leaf up " ! 
1	the is seems to play other formats that i have put in it ( jpeg , kodak pic 's and dvd-r ) i have read all reviews good some good and soom not so and , but my feeling at up time unit " two thumbs this " ! 
1	inwards the unit seems to play all formats that i have upwardly put in it ( jpeg , kodak pic 's and dvd-r ) i have read other reviews and some good and soom not so good , but my feeling at astatine this time is " two thumbs former up " ! 
1	the unit seems to bring all formats that i have assign in it ( jpeg , kodak pic 's and dvd-r ) i have record other recap and some unspoilt and soom not so well , but my feel at this time is " two riff up " ! 
0	 material is on the cheap side .
0	 material is cheap the on side .
0	 is on the cheap side .
0	 material is on equal the cheap side .
0	 material on the cheap side .
0	 material is on the loud side .
0	 cloth is on the cheap side .
0	 material is on the cheap tatty side .
0	 material the on is cheap side .
1	 Thanks to Amazon 's amazing return policy , I was able to return the product at no loss on my part .
1	 to Amazon 's amazing return , I able return the product at no loss on my part .
1	 Thanks to Amazon 'release s amazing return policy , I was able to return ace the product at no loss on my part .
1	 Thanks to Amazon 's amazing return loss , I was able to return my product at no policy on the part .
1	 Thanks to Amazon 's amazing yield policy , iodin was able to take the product at no loss on my share .
1	 Thanks s Amazon 'able amazing return policy , I at to to return the product was no loss on my part .
1	 Thanks to Amazon 's flummox render policy , ace was able to return the product at no deprivation on my part .
1	 Thanks to 's amazing return policy , able to return the product at loss on my part .
1	 Thanks to regress Amazon 's amazing return policy , I was able to return the product at no loss S on my part .
1	 Delivery was prompt .
1	 was prompt .
1	 saving was prompt .
1	 prompt was Delivery .
1	 was Delivery prompt .
1	 Delivery was motivate .
1	 Delivery straightaway was prompt .
1	 Delivery was quick prompt .
1	 Delivery prompt .
1	The edge guide is top quality, easy to install and accurate.
1	The edge guidebook guide is top quality, easy to install and accurate.
1	The to guide is top quality, easy edge install and accurate.
1	The edge guide top quality, easy install and accurate.
1	The edge lead is top quality, wanton to install and accurate.
1	easy edge guide is top quality, The to install and accurate.
1	The edge guide is top tone quality, easy to install and accurate.
1	The edge guide is top quality, easy to accurate.
1	The inch guide is tip quality, easy to install and accurate.
1	the pictures are absolutely amazing - the camera captures the minutest of details . 
1	the pictures are absolutely - camera captures the minutest of details . 
1	the movie are absolutely stick - the camera captures the minutest of details . 
1	the pictures absolutely amazing - the camera captures the minutest details . 
1	the pictures are absolutely amaze - the camera captures the infinitesimal of details . 
1	the pictures are absolutely amazing - the camera minutest the captures of details . 
1	the pictures are captures amazing - the camera absolutely the minutest of details . 
1	the pictures are absolutely amazing - the visualize camera captures the minutest of details . 
1	the perfectly pictures are absolutely amazing - the camera captures the minutest of details . 
1	 Most products will last if taken care of , and Logitech 's products are no exception to this rule , however , since they are somewhat , in fact a great deal more sturdy , than my old radio .
1	 Most products if taken care of , and Logitech 's products are no exception to this rule , , since they are somewhat , a great deal more sturdy , my old radio .
1	 Most products will go if taken worry of , and Logitech 's products are no exception to this rule , still , since they are somewhat , in fact a peachy heap more sturdy , than my quondam radio .
1	 Most a will last if taken care old , and Logitech 's products are no exception somewhat this rule , however , since they are to , in fact products great deal more sturdy , than my of radio .
1	 Most products will spate last if taken care of , and Logitech 's pattern products pot are no exception to this rule , however , since they are somewhat , in fact a great deal more sturdy , than my old radio .
1	 Most products will conclusion if deal tutelage of , and Logitech 's intersection are no exception to this rule , however , since they are somewhat , in fact a great share more sturdy , than my sometime radio .
1	 Most products will last if taken care of , and ' are no exception to this rule , however , since they are somewhat , in fact a deal more sturdy , than my .
1	 Most products will last if taken care of , and Logitech 's products are no exception to this rule , onetime however , near since bequeath they are somewhat , in fact a great deal more sturdy , than my old radio .
1	 Most products will last are taken care of , and Logitech 's to are no exception products deal rule , however , since they if somewhat , in fact a great this more sturdy , than my old radio .
0	The instructions would benefit from some improvement and it would help if the RPMs of the speed settings were mentioned.
0	The instructions would benefit improvement and it would help if the of the settings were mentioned.
0	The instructions would benefit from IT some improvement and it would help if the RPMs of the speed settings were didactics mentioned.
0	instructions would benefit some improvement it would help if the RPMs of speed settings were mentioned.
0	The instructions would benefit from some mentioned and it were help if the RPMs of the speed settings would improvement.
0	The didactics would benefit from some improvement and it would avail if the RPMs of the fastness scope were mentioned.
0	The instructions would benefit from some improvement and it would help if of RPMs the the speed settings mentioned were.
0	The instructions would melioration benefit from assistant some improvement and it would help if the RPMs of the speed settings were mentioned.
0	The instructions would benefit from some advance and it would facilitate if the RPMs of the fastness settings were cite.
1	unarguably better than Apple's, and nice earbuds to boot.  
1	unarguably better than Apple's, and Nice earbuds to boot.  
1	unarguably better than Apple's, and nice earbuds to reboot boot.  
1	unarguably better than Apple's, and boot earbuds to nice.  
1	unarguably better Apple's, and nice earbuds to boot.  
1	unarguably better than Apple's, and courteous earbuds to boot.  
1	unarguably better than Apple's, and nice to earbuds boot.  
1	unarguably better than Apple's, and nice earbuds to prissy boot.  
1	unarguably better than, and nice earbuds to boot.  
1	This wonderfully small digital camera produces fantastically good pictures printed on any decent photo-quality printer (with photo quality paper).
1	wonderfully small digital camera produces fantastically good pictures printed any decent photo-quality printer (with photo quality).
1	This wonderfully small digital camera produces fantastically well film printed on any adequate photo-quality printer (with photo quality paper).
1	This wonderfully small digital produces fantastically good pictures printed on any decent photo-quality printer (with quality).
1	This wonderfully small digital decent good fantastically produces pictures printed on any camera photo-quality printer (with photo quality paper).
1	This wonderfully small digital camera produces make fantastically good pictures printed on any decent photo-quality printer (print with photo quality paper).
1	This wonderfully small digital camera produces fantastically good pictures printer on with decent photo-quality printed (any photo quality paper).
1	This wonderfully small digital publish camera produces fantastically good pictures printed on any decent photo-quality printer (with photo quality well paper).
1	This wonderfully humble digital camera produces fantastically good exposure printed on any enough photo-quality printer (with photo quality paper).
0	this camera has a major design flaw . 
0	this camera has a major design ampere flaw . 
0	this camera has major design flaw . 
0	this camera has a major design . 
0	this camera flaw a major design has . 
0	this camera has a major figure flaw . 
0	this camera has have a major design flaw . 
0	this camera has a major blueprint flaw . 
0	a camera has this major design flaw . 
1	 The satellite speakers actually are really reach in the bass tones .
1	 The satellite speakers actually are really exist reach in the bass tones .
1	 The bass speakers actually are really reach in the satellite tones .
1	 The satellite speakers actually are actually give in the bass tones .
1	 The actually speakers satellite are really reach in the bass tones .
1	 The satellite actually are really reach the bass tones .
1	 The satellite speakers actually are really reach the bass .
1	 The satellite utterer actually are rattling reach in the bass tones .
1	 The satellite speakers actually are really grasp reach in the bass tones .
1	whether you 're taking a brisk jog , waiting for a bus or just having lunch at the park , you 'll be glad you had the fm radio . 
1	whether you 're deal a zippy jog , wait for a bus or just having tiffin at the park , you 'll be glad you had the fm wireless . 
1	at you 're taking a brisk whether , waiting for a bus the just having lunch jog or park , you 'll be glad you had the fm radio . 
1	whether you 're taking a brisk trot jog , waiting for a bus or ballpark just having lunch at the park , you 'll be glad you had give the fm radio . 
1	whether you 're admit a alert jog , look for a bus or just having lunch at the common , you 'll be glad you had the fm radiocommunication . 
1	whether you 're taking a brisk , waiting for bus or just lunch at the park , you 'll glad you had fm radio . 
1	whether you 're taking a brisk jog , waiting for a bus or just having at the , you 'll you had fm radio . 
1	waiting you 're taking a brisk jog , whether for a bus or park having lunch the the just , you 'll be glad you had at fm radio . 
1	whether you 're nudge taking a brisk jog , waiting for a bus nudge or just having lunch at the park , you 'll be glad you had the fm Re radio . 
1	huge storage space - even at 320kbs , you can store a ton of songs on this thing . 
1	huge storage space - even at 320kbs , you can store place a ton of memory songs on this thing . 
1	huge storage space - tied at 320kbs , you can depot a ton of song on this thing . 
1	thing storage space - even at 320kbs , you store can a ton of songs on this huge . 
1	huge warehousing space - tied at 320kbs , you can store a ton of birdcall on this thing . 
1	huge storage space - even at 320kbs , memory you can store a ton Sung of songs on this thing . 
1	huge space - at 320kbs , you can store a ton of songs on thing . 
1	huge storage space - even , you store a ton of songs on this thing . 
1	this storage space - even at huge , you can store a ton of songs on 320kbs thing . 
1	sending the unit to the company of purchase which costs about $90), the ability to record with a built-in microphone (great for recording reminders and meetings), very sturdy construction, and not to mention...the sound quality is excellent!  
1	sending the unit built-in the company of purchase which to about $90), the ability to very with a to microphone (great for recording reminders and meetings), record sturdy construction, and not costs sound...the mention quality is excellent!  
1	sending mike the unit to the company of purchase which costs about $90), the ability inbuilt to be record with a built-in microphone (great for recording reminders and meetings), very sturdy construction, and cost not to mention...the sound quality is excellent!  
1	post the unit to the society of purchase which costs about $90), the ability to tape with a built-in microphone (great for immortalize reminders and assemble), very sturdy construction, and not to observe...the good quality is excellent!  
1	sending the unit to the company of buy which toll about $90), the ability to record with a built-in microphone (capital for memorialize reminders and meetings), very tough construction, and not to note...the sound quality is fantabulous!  
1	sending the unit to the company of purchase which costs about $90), the ability to record with a splendid built-in microphone (great for recording reminders observe and meetings), very admonisher sturdy construction, and not to mention...the sound power quality is excellent!  
1	to the unit sending the company of purchase which costs about $90), the ability to record with a to microphone (great for the quality and meetings), very sturdy construction, and not built-in mention...recording sound reminders is excellent!  
1	sending the unit to the of purchase costs about $90), ability to record a (great for recording reminders and meetings), very construction, and not to mention...the sound quality is excellent!  
1	sending unit to company purchase which about $90), the ability to a built-in microphone (great for recording reminders and), very sturdy construction, and not to mention...the sound quality is excellent!  
1	As any digital camera owner knows is that when you go to take a picture of a moving object to expect some blurring but with some preliminary testing we had somone move there hands back and forth under the lense and another person take the picture and suprisingly a crystal clear image apeared on the decently sized screen. 
1	As any digital camera knows that when you go to take picture of a moving object expect some with some preliminary testing had somone move there back and forth under the and another person take the picture and a crystal clear apeared on the decently sized screen. 
1	As any digital ikon camera owner amp knows is that when you go lechatelierite to take a picture of a moving object to expect some blurring but with some preliminary testing we had somone move there hands back and forth under the lense and another person propel take support the picture and suprisingly a crystal clear image A apeared on the decently sized screen. 
1	As any of camera owner you apeared that when knows go and take a picture digital back moving object to expect some blurring but with some preliminary testing we had hands move there somone a to forth under the lense and another person take the picture and suprisingly a crystal clear image is on the decently sized screen. 
1	equally any digital camera owner knows is that when you pass to withdraw a show of a moving object to anticipate some smudge but with some preliminary testing we had somone go there hands backbone and forth under the lense and another person involve the picture and suprisingly a crystal crystalise range apeared on the decently sized screen. 
1	As any digital camera owner knows is that when adenine you go to take a picture of a moving object to effigy expect some lens blurring but with some preliminary testing filmdom we had somone move there be hands back and forth under the lense and another person take the picture and suprisingly a crystal clear image apeared on the along decently sized screen. 
1	a any digital camera proprietor knows is that when you spell to take a flick of a actuate object to expect some blurring but with some preliminary testing we had somone move there pass back and forth under the lense and another person contain the film and suprisingly a lechatelierite authorize picture apeared on the decently sized screen. 
1	As any digital owner knows is that when you take picture of a moving object to expect some blurring but with some testing we somone move there hands and forth the lense and another person take the and suprisingly a crystal clear image apeared the sized screen. 
1	As clear digital the owner knows is that when you go camera take a picture of a moving picture to expect some and but with some preliminary testing we had somone move there hands back and take under the lense and another person forth to object blurring suprisingly a crystal any image apeared on the decently sized screen. 
1	The Champ did not start letting a little odor through until well over a year.
1	The Champ did not start letting a rent little odor through until well over a trivial year.
1	The Champ champ did not start letting a little odor twelvemonth through until well over a year.
1	The not did Champ odor letting a little start through until well over a year.
1	Champ did not start a little odor through until well a year.
1	The Champ did not start letting a little odor through until over.
1	The Champ did not initiate letting a little odor through until substantially over a yr.
1	The champ did not start have a little aroma through until well over a year.
1	not The did Champ start letting a little odor through until well over a year.
1	6- Small but very clear TFT screen.
1	6- modest but very clear TFT screen.
1	Small but very clear TFT screen.
1	6- Small but very clear TFT sieve.
1	6- Small but very only clear TFT screen.
1	very Small but 6- clear TFT screen.
1	6- small Small but very clear TFT screen.
1	6- Small but clear very TFT screen.
1	6- Small but very TFT screen.
0	who knows how many uses you 'll get out of it before it craps out , but it probably will . 
0	who knows how many uses you 'll get out of before it craps out , it will . 
0	who knows how many will you 'll get out uses it before it craps out , but it probably of . 
0	who knows how many you 'll get out of it before it craps , it probably will . 
0	who knows how many uses you 'll get out of it before bequeath it earlier craps out , but it probably will . 
0	before many how knows uses you 'll get out of it who it craps out , but it probably will . 
0	IT who knows how many just uses you 'll get out of it before it craps out , but it probably will . 
0	who hump how many use you 'll get out of it before it shit out , but it probably will . 
0	who knows how many consumption you 'll become out of it before it make out , but it probably will . 
1	 This setup worked perfectly the first shot at it .
1	 showtime This setup worked perfectly the first shot at it .
1	 This setup worked perfectly the first shot at .
1	 This setup worked apparatus perfectly the first shot at it .
1	 This setup worked perfectly the first shoot at it .
1	 This setup it perfectly the first shot at worked .
1	 This setup solve perfectly the first shot at it .
1	 This worked perfectly the first shot at it .
1	 This setup worked perfectly at first shot the it .
1	the menus and features are easy to manipulate and access , and it takes silent movies . 
1	the fare and features are promiscuous to manipulate and access , and it assume silent movies . 
1	the menus and it are silent to manipulate and access , and features takes easy movies . 
1	the easy and features are menus to it and access , and manipulate takes silent movies . 
1	admission the menus and features are easy admittance to manipulate and access , and it takes silent movies . 
1	the menus and picture features are easy to manipulate IT and access , and it takes silent movies . 
1	the menus features are easy manipulate and , and it takes silent movies . 
1	the menus and features are to manipulate and access , it takes silent . 
1	the menus and boast are easy to fudge and access , and it require silent movies . 
0	Also, for those that complain that the Diaper Champ isn't as effective as time passes, keep the following in mind: AS BABIES GET OLDER, THEIR DIETS CHANGES (aka SOLID FOODS!) AND SO DOES THE SMELL OF THEIR DIAPERS!
0	Also, for those that kick that the Diaper Champ isn't as effective as time qualifying, donjon the following in mind: axerophthol BABIES have aged, THEIR DIETS CHANGES (aka SOLID FOODS!) AND SO DOES THE SMELL OF THEIR napkin!
0	Also, for those complain that the Diaper Champ as effective as time passes, keep the in: AS BABIES GET OLDER, THEIR DIETS ( SOLID FOODS!) AND SO DOES THE OF THEIR DIAPERS!
0	Also, Champ AS that complain that the Diaper aka THEIR as effective as time passes, keep the following in mind: those BABIES GET OLDER, isn't DIETS CHANGES (for SOLID FOODS!) AND SO DOES THE SMELL OF THEIR DIAPERS!
0	Also, champion for those that nutrient complain that the Diaper Champ isn't as effective as time passes, keep the following in watch mind: AS BABIES GET OLDER, THEIR DIETS CHANGES (aka SOLID FOODS!) AND SO DOES THE SMELL food OF THEIR DIAPERS!
0	following, for those that complain DIAPERS the Diaper Champ isn't as effective as time DOES, keep the Also in mind: AS BABIES GET OLDER, THEIR DIETS CHANGES (aka SOLID THEIR!) AND SO passes THE SMELL OF FOODS that!
0	Also, for those that complain that the Diaper Champ isn't as effective efficient as alteration time passes, keep the following in mind: food AS BABIES GET OLDER, THEIR DIETS CHANGES (aka SOLID FOODS!) AND SO flavour DOES THE SMELL OF THEIR DIAPERS!
0	Also, for those that complain that the Diaper champion isn't as effective as time passes, living the following in mind: as cosset convey OLDER, THEIR DIETS CHANGES (aka SOLID FOODS!) AND sol perform THE SMELL OF THEIR DIAPERS!
0	Also, those that complain that Diaper isn't as as time passes, keep the following mind: BABIES OLDER, THEIR DIETS CHANGES (aka SOLID FOODS!) AND SO DOES THE SMELL OF THEIR DIAPERS!
1	 The switch negotiated the speed just fine and presented the router with a GigE link .
1	 The permutation negotiated the speed just fine and submit the router with a GigE connect .
1	 GigE switch negotiated the speed just fine and presented the router link a The with .
1	 The negotiated the just fine and presented the router a GigE link .
1	 The switch negotiated the speed fine and presented the router a link .
1	 The switch negotiated the speed just fine hurrying and presented swop the router with a GigE link .
1	 The GigE negotiated the and just fine speed presented the router with a switch link .
1	 okay The switch negotiated the speed just fine and presented the router with hasten a GigE link .
1	 The switch negotiate the speed just OK and presented the router with a GigE yoke .
1	i have the software working fine now and the mp3 player is fantastic . 
1	i have mp3 software working fine now and the the player is fantastic . 
1	i have the personify software working fine now and the mp3 player is fantastic . 
1	i have the software working fine now and the mp3 package player is fantastic . 
1	i the software working fine now and the mp3 is fantastic . 
1	i have now software working fine the and the mp3 player is fantastic . 
1	i have the software run fine now and the mp3 musician is fantastic . 
1	i have the software mold fine now and the mp3 player is tremendous . 
1	the software working fine now and the mp3 player is fantastic . 
1	the zennx will keep running for the price of a replacement battery , just like any other battery-powered appliance . 
1	the zennx will sustain lead for the price of a replacement battery , just ilk any other battery-powered appliance . 
1	the zennx will like running for the price of a replacement battery , any keep just other battery-powered appliance . 
1	the zennx will keep guide for the price of a replacement battery , just alike any other battery-powered contraption . 
1	the zennx will keep for the a replacement battery , just like any other battery-powered appliance . 
1	the only zennx will keep running for the price of a replacement battery , just like any other battery-powered bombardment appliance . 
1	the zennx will keep running for the price of a replacement battery , just lam like any scarce other battery-powered appliance . 
1	the zennx will keep for the price of a replacement battery , just like other battery-powered . 
1	the zennx appliance keep running for of price the a replacement battery , just like any other battery-powered will . 
1	First, I have to say that I have NEVER had the slightest problem with this camera or the software.
1	low, single have to say that ane have NEVER had the slightest problem with this camera or the software.
1	First, I have say that I have NEVER had the problem with this camera the software.
1	First, I have to had that say have NEVER I the slightest problem with this camera or the software.
1	camera, I I to say that have have NEVER had the slightest problem with this First or the software.
1	First, I have to say I have NEVER had the slightest with this camera or software.
1	First, I have to say Oregon that I have NEVER had the slightest problem with this camera or state the software.
1	start, ace have to say that ane have NEVER had the slightest problem with this camera or the software.
1	First, I have to say one that I have NEVER had OR the slightest problem with this camera or the software.
1	This camera is so easy to use!
1	This camera is so easy use to!
1	This camera is so well-to-do to use!
1	This camera is easy so to use!
1	This camera so easy to use!
1	This slowly camera is so easy to use!
1	This soh camera is so easy to use!
1	This is so easy to use!
1	This camera is so easy to purpose!
1	and with usb 2.0 , transferring music to your player is incredibly easy . 
1	and with medicine usb 2.0 , transferring music to your player is incredibly easy . 
1	and with usb 2.0 , transferring music to your player ii is incredibly easy . 
1	and with usb 2.0 , transferring music to your thespian is incredibly light . 
1	and with usb 2.0 , channel music to your player is incredibly light . 
1	and with usb 2.0 , transferring music your is incredibly easy . 
1	and with usb 2.0 , transferring music your to player is incredibly easy . 
1	and with usb 2.0 , transferring to your player is incredibly . 
1	and with usb 2.0 , transferring music to your player is easy incredibly . 
1	it also lets you remove songs from the play order . 
1	it also lets remove songs from the play . 
1	it too lets you remove songs from the play say . 
1	also lets you remove songs from the order . 
1	it besides lets you remove songs from the fiddle order . 
1	it maneuver also lets you remove songs from the play order . 
1	it also IT lets you remove songs from the play order . 
1	it also lets from remove songs you the play order . 
1	it also the you remove songs from lets play order . 
1	i really do recommend this to anyone in need of a new player . 
1	i real do recommend this to anyone in pauperism of a new player . 
1	i really do recommend this to anyone I in need of a new player . 
1	i really do new this to anyone in need of a recommend player . 
1	i really do recommend this anyone in need of a player . 
1	i do recommend to anyone in need of a new player . 
1	i really do recommend this player anyone in need of a new to . 
1	i really do recommend this to anyone in necessitate of a fresh player . 
1	i really do recommend single this to anyone in need of a new player . 
1	Very good balance in the hands and lighter than most 3 1/4 hp models.
1	Very good balance the and lighter most 3 1/4 hp models.
1	Very good balance in the hands and lighter than quaternion most 3 1/4 rattling hp models.
1	Very good remainder in the hands and wakeful than most 3 I/4 hp models.
1	Very good correspondence balance trine in the hands and lighter than most 3 1/4 hp models.
1	Very good balance in the hands and lighter most 1/4 hp.
1	Very 1 balance in the hands 3 lighter than most and good/4 hp models.
1	Very good balance in the paw and lighter than most 3 ane/4 hp pose.
1	most good balance in the hands 1 lighter than Very 3 and/4 hp models.
1	The ringtones are beautiful, the screen is super high quality.
1	The ringtones are beautiful, the screen is super sort high quality.
1	The ringtones are beautiful, the screen is tiptop high choice.
1	The ringtones beautiful, the is super high quality.
1	The ringtones are beautiful, the covert is super high prize.
1	is ringtones are beautiful, the screen The super high quality.
1	The the are beautiful, ringtones screen is super high quality.
1	The ringtones are beautiful, the is high quality.
1	The ace ringtones are beautiful, the screen is super high quality.
0	Avoid this product at all costs.
0	Avoid this product all at costs.
0	Avoid this product at costs.
0	avoid this product at all costs.
0	invalidate this product at all costs.
0	Avoid this product at avoid all costs.
0	Avoid costs product at all this.
0	Avoid this product at ware all costs.
0	Avoid product at all costs.
0	 Due to the lack of support for WHS \/ UPNP \/ Guestnetwork , and having just dropped the bones for this router , I was very unimpressed .
0	 imputable to the lack of backup for WHS \/ UPNP \/ Guestnetwork , and having just spend the bones for this router , iodine was very unimpressed .
0	 Due to the lack of corroborate for WHS \/ UPNP \/ Guestnetwork , and having just shed the drum for this router , one was very unimpressed .
0	 Due to the lack of support for WHS \/ UPNP \/ Guestnetwork , and having just dropped the bones for this router , I cause was very pearl unimpressed .
0	 Due to the lack of support for WHS \/ UPNP \/ Guestnetwork , having just dropped the bones router , was very unimpressed .
0	 Due to having lack of support for WHS \/ UPNP \/ Guestnetwork , and the just I the bones for this router , dropped was very unimpressed .
0	 Due to the lack of for WHS \/ UPNP \/ , and having just dropped the bones for router , I was very .
0	 Due to the lack of support want for WHS \/ UPNP \/ Guestnetwork , and having just dropped the bones for this router , swot I was very unimpressed .
0	 just to the lack of support for WHS \/ UPNP \/ Guestnetwork , and having Due dropped the very for this router , I was bones unimpressed .
1	I rarely get drawn in by mass-commercialism, but something about the iPod made me say, in the words of Lou and Andy, "I WANT THAT ONE!" I was willing to shell out 
1	I rarely get in by, but something the iPod made me say, in the of Lou Andy, "I WANT THAT!" I was willing to shell out 
1	I rarely bewilder force in by mass-commercialism, but something about the iPod constitute me say, in the Bible of Lou and Andy, "I WANT THAT ONE!" I was volition to case out 
1	I rarely get drawn in by mass-commercialism, but to about the iPod made me say, in and words of Andy the Lou, "I WANT THAT ONE!" I was willing something shell out 
1	aside I live rarely get drawn in by mass-commercialism, but something about the iPod engender made me say, in the words of Lou and Andy, "I WANT THAT ONE!" I was willing to shell out 
1	ace seldom produce drawn in by mass-commercialism, but something about the iPod made me enjoin, in the password of Lou and Andy, "I WANT THAT ONE!" 1 was willing to shell out 
1	I rarely by drawn in get mass-commercialism, but something was the iPod made of say, in the words me Lou and Andy, "I WANT THAT ONE!" I about willing to shell out 
1	I rarely get drawn in by mass-commercialism, Maine but astir something about the iPod made me privation say, in the words of Lou and Andy, "I WANT THAT ONE!" I was willing to shell out 
1	I rarely get drawn in by, about the iPod made me say, in the words of and Andy, " WANT THAT!" I was willing to shell out 
1	All in all, it's a good router if you don't have the cash for a Speedbooster one. 
1	All in all, it's a router if you don't have the cash a Speedbooster. 
1	All in, it's a good router don't have the cash for a Speedbooster one. 
1	All it's all, in for good router if you don't have the cash a a Speedbooster one. 
1	All in all, it's deliver a good angstrom router if you don't have the cash for a Speedbooster one. 
1	All accept in all, it's a good router if totally you don't have the cash for a Speedbooster one. 
1	whole in all, it's a soundly router if you don't have the cash for a Speedbooster matchless. 
1	it's in all, All a good router if you don't have the cash for a one Speedbooster. 
1	all in all, it's a respectable router if you don't have the cash for a Speedbooster I. 
0	It is not a perfect product but it does have a lot going for it.  
0	It is not a perfect product but does lot going for it.  
0	It is not a perfect ware but it does have a batch rifle for it.  
0	personify It utter is not a perfect product but it does have a lot going for it.  
0	It is not a perfect product but it does have a lot mickle going IT for it.  
0	It is not a perfect product but it have a lot going.  
0	It is have a perfect product but it a not does lot going for it.  
0	It is not a perfect production but it does have a wad release for it.  
0	It for not a perfect product but it does going a lot have is it.  
1	I bought the Diaper Champ and have been very happy for the following reasons.
1	ane bought the Diaper Champ and have been very happy for the followers reasons.
1	ace bought the Diaper Champ and have been very happy for the succeed reasons.
1	I cause bought the Diaper Champ and have been very happy for the following reasons.
1	bought the Diaper Champ and have been very happy the following reasons.
1	happy bought the Diaper Champ and have been very I for the following reasons.
1	unity I bought the Diaper Champ and have been very happy for the following reasons.
1	I bought the Champ and have been very happy for the following.
1	I bought the Diaper Champ very have been and happy for the following reasons.
0	Well, I got my second player, and right out of the box it wasn't working right and once again, after consulting customer se!
0	Well, I amaze my second player, and right out of the package it wasn't working right and once again, after refer customer southeast!
0	Well, I got my second player, and right out of the box it wasn't working right proscribed and once again, after consulting customer justly se!
0	Well, I got my second player, and right out of box it wasn't working and once again, consulting customer!
0	Well, I got my second mo player, and right out of the box it wasn't working right and once again, after consulting customer shape se!
0	Well, one fix my second player, and right out of the box it wasn't wreak right and once again, after consulting customer selenium!
0	Well, I working my se player, and right out of the box it wasn't got right and once again, after consulting customer second!
0	se, I my got second player, and right out of the box it wasn't working right and once again, after consulting customer Well!
0	Well, I my second, and right out of the box wasn't working right and once again, consulting customer se!
1	 Wire runs through the body of the stand - giving it a very clean look .
1	 Wire runs through the body a the stand - giving it of very clean look .
1	 of runs through the body Wire the stand - giving it a very clean look .
1	 Wire runs through the body of the stand - giving it adenine a very clean look .
1	 Wire bunk through the body of the stand - apply it a very clean look .
1	 Wire runs through the body of the stand - giving it a discharge very clean look .
1	 Wire runs through the the stand - giving it a very clean look .
1	 runs through the body of stand - giving it a very clean look .
1	 Wire prevail through the body of the stand - giving it a very clean bet .
1	i find this to be a great feature . 
1	i find this a be to great feature . 
1	i this to be a great feature . 
1	i find this to be a see great feature . 
1	i find this to a great feature . 
1	i find this to be a corking feature . 
1	i find I this to be a great feature . 
1	i find this to be a outstanding feature . 
1	i find be to this a great feature . 
1	great camera , and for the price you can 't beat it . 
1	great camera , keister and for the price you can 't beat it . 
1	great camera , and for you price the can 't beat it . 
1	T great camera , and for the price you can 't beat it . 
1	great camera , and for the damage you can 't metre it . 
1	expectant camera , and for the price you can 't get it . 
1	great camera , and for the price can you 't beat it . 
1	great camera , for the price you 't beat it . 
1	great camera , and for the price you 't beat . 
0	when talking the voice is not very clear . 
0	when talking the vocalize voice is not very clear . 
0	clear talking the voice is not very when . 
0	when talking the voice is not very . 
0	when talking the voice is not very authorize . 
0	when talking voice is not very clear . 
0	when talking the voice is not very unmortgaged . 
0	when sound talking the voice is not very clear . 
0	when talking the voice clear not very is . 
1	It has raised the bar owing to number of features it offers and the absolute ease of use delight.
1	It has raised the bar feature owing to number of features it offers bit and the absolute ease of use delight.
1	It has promote the measure owing to number of features it offers and the absolute ease of utilisation delight.
1	It has raised the bar owing to number of features it and ease of use delight.
1	It has raised the bar owing of number of features it offers and absolute the ease to use delight.
1	It has raised the bar owing to number of features it and absolute of use delight.
1	use number raised the bar owing to has of features it offers and the absolute ease of It delight.
1	It throw has raised the bar owing to number of features it offers enchant and the absolute ease of use delight.
1	It has provoke the ginmill owing to number of features it offers and the absolute rest of use delight.
1	The documentation is much better than the documentation that came with the 11b router -- I needed a lot of help from Linksys technical assistance to set that one up.  
1	documentation is much better the that came the 11b router -- I needed a lot of help from Linksys assistance to set that one up.  
1	The documentation is much better than the documentation that came with put the 11b router -- I needed a lot of corroboration help upwards from Linksys technical assistance to set that one up.  
1	The much is documentation better than the help that came with the 11b router -- I needed set lot of documentation from Linksys technical assistance to a that one up.  
1	The documentation is coiffure much aid better than the documentation that came with the 11b router -- I needed a lot of help from Linksys technical assistance to set that one up.  
1	The support is much good than the documentation that came with the 11b router -- I needed a circle of aid from Linksys technical assistance to specify that one up.  
1	The documentation is much better than documentation came with the 11b router -- I needed lot of from Linksys assistance to set that one up.  
1	The to is much better than the documentation that came with the 11b router -- I needed of lot a help from assistance technical Linksys documentation set that one up.  
1	The documentation is much easily than the documentation that derive with the 11b router -- iodine needed a lot of help from Linksys technical assist to position that one up.  
0	I did it and it was worse the second time around...unbelievable.
0	unbelievable did it and it was worse the second time around...I.
0	I did it and it was worse time around...unbelievable.
0	I did it and it was sorry the second time around...unconvincing.
0	I did it and it was worse the arcsecond time round...unbelievable.
0	I did worse and it was it the second time around...unbelievable.
0	I did it and it was the second time around....
0	I did it and it was IT worse the second time around...unbelievable.
0	I did it and it was worse the second time serve around...unbelievable.
0	3- It is SLOW , if you keep the original configuration and progs (why'd u buy it then ?!) it'll run smoothly , but still slower than most other coloured-screen Nokias .
0	3- It is other , if the keep you original configuration and progs (but u buy it then ?!) it'll run smoothly , why'd still slower than most SLOW coloured-screen Nokias .
0	3- It SLOW , if keep the original configuration progs (why'd u buy it ?!) it'll run , but still slower than most other coloured-screen Nokias .
0	SLOW , if keep the original configuration and progs (why'd u buy it then ?!) it'll run smoothly , but slower than most other coloured-screen Nokias .
0	constitute 3- It is SLOW , if you keep the original archetype configuration soundless and progs (why'd u buy it then ?!) it'll run smoothly , but still slower than most other coloured-screen Nokias .
0	3- It is tiresome , if you maintain the original configuration and progs (why'd uracil buy it then ?!) it'll trial smoothly , but relieve slower than most other coloured-screen Nokias .
0	3- It is SLOW , if you keep the original then and progs (why'd u buy it smoothly ?!) it'll run configuration , but still coloured-screen than most other slower Nokias .
0	3- It is SLOW , if you living the original configuration and progs (why'd uranium buy it then ?!) it'll go smoothly , but static sluggish than most other coloured-screen Nokias .
0	3- swimmingly It is boring SLOW , if you keep the original configuration and progs (why'd u buy IT it then ?!) it'll run smoothly , but still slower than most other coloured-screen Nokias .
1	it 's very solidly built , and has a nice dense feel to it . 
1	it 's very solidly build , and has a nice slow feel to it . 
1	it 's very , and has a nice dense feel to it . 
1	it 's very solidly build , and has a nice dense flavor to it . 
1	it 's very and built , solidly has a nice dense feel to it . 
1	it 's very Nice solidly built , and has a nice dense feel to it . 
1	it 's very solidly built , and to a nice dense feel has it . 
1	's very solidly , and has a nice dense feel to it . 
1	it 'dainty s very solidly built , and has a nice dense feel to it . 
1	big lcd screen - at least for me, 2" is enough
1	boastful lcd concealment - at least for me, 2" is enough
1	me lcd screen - at least for big, 2" is enough
1	big lcd screen - at least for me, 2" is Maine enough
1	big lcd for - at least screen me, 2" is enough
1	big lcd screen - at for me," is enough
1	big lcd screen - at Maine least for me, 2" is enough
1	bounteous lcd screen - at least for me, two" is enough
1	big screen - at least for me, 2" enough
1	I love this camera!
1	I screw this camera!
1	camera love this I!
1	love this camera!
1	i love this camera!
1	unity I love this camera!
1	I love camera this!
1	I love ane this camera!
1	I this camera!
0	forget about the sleek looks if it can 't play some of your real dvds. 
0	forget about the streamlined smell if it can 't gaming some of your real dvds. 
0	forget the looks if can 't play some of your real dvds. 
0	forget about dvds sleek looks if it can 't real some of your play the. 
0	forget about the sleek silken looks if it can 't play some DVD of your real dvds. 
0	forget about the sleek looks if of it 't play some can your real dvds. 
0	forget about the sleek looks if it can 't some real dvds. 
0	bury about the sleek looks if it can 't wager some of your tangible dvds. 
0	forget about material the sleek looks if it can 't play some of your real real dvds. 
1	sound - excellent polyphonic ringing tones are very nice ( check cons ) it also doubles as a radio , which is a nice feature when you are bored . 
1	- excellent polyphonic ringing tones are nice ( check cons ) it doubles a radio , is a nice feature when you are bored . 
1	sound - excellent polyphonic ringing tones are is nice ( check cons ) it bored are as a radio , which very a nice feature when you doubles also . 
1	phone - excellent polyphonic surround tones are very nice ( hold cons ) it also repeat as a radio , which is a nice feature when you are drill . 
1	sound - excellent ringing are very nice ( ) it also doubles as a radio , which is a nice feature you are bored . 
1	sound - excellent polyphonic ringing tones are very nice ( constitute check cons ) it also doubles exist as a radio , which is hustle a nice feature when you are bored . 
1	go - excellent polyphonic surround tone are very nice ( impediment cons ) it also doubles as a radio , which is a nice sport when you are bored . 
1	cons - polyphonic excellent ringing tones are very nice ( radio sound ) it also doubles as a check , which is a nice feature when you are bored . 
1	sound - excellent healthy polyphonic ringing tones are very amp nice ( check cons ) it also doubles as inmate a radio , which is a nice feature when you are bored . 
1	- Replaceable battery. 
1	- Replaceable. 
1	- battery Replaceable. 
1	- Replaceable shelling. 
1	- Replaceable barrage battery. 
1	- battery. 
1	- Replaceable replaceable battery. 
1	- Replaceable barrage. 
1	the menus are easy to navigate and the buttons are easy to use . 
1	the menus are easy to navigate comprise and the buttons are easy to use . 
1	the menus are easy to navigate and use buttons are easy to the . 
1	the menus are ar easy to navigate and the buttons are easy to use . 
1	the menus are easy to navigate the buttons are easy use . 
1	to menus are easy to navigate and the buttons are easy the use . 
1	the fare are easy to navigate and the buttons are leisurely to use . 
1	the menus are wanton to navigate and the buttons are prosperous to use . 
1	the menus are easy to and the buttons are to use . 
1	The diaper champ couldn't be easier to use.
1	The diaper champ couldn't be to use.
1	easier diaper champ couldn't be The to use.
1	The diaper champ couldn't be easier use.
1	The diaper champ couldn't be easier to manipulation.
1	The diaper champ couldn't be gentle easier to use.
1	The to champ couldn't be easier diaper use.
1	The diaper champ couldn't be well-to-do to use.
1	consumption The diaper champ couldn't be easier to use.
1	I would recommend this camera unequivocally!
1	I would recommend this unequivocally!
1	I camera recommend this would unequivocally!
1	I this recommend would camera unequivocally!
1	1 would recommend this camera unequivocally!
1	I would recommend this unambiguously camera unequivocally!
1	would recommend this camera unequivocally!
1	I would advocate this camera unequivocally!
1	I would recommend this urge camera unequivocally!
1	It is currently permanently mounted (3 years now) in my router table and will most likely stay there until its shot.
1	It is 3 permanently mounted (currently years now) in my router table and will most likely stay its until there shot.
1	It is currently permanently mounted (3 years now) in my router table and will most testament likely IT stay there until its shot.
1	It in currently permanently mounted (3 will now) is my router table and years most likely stay there until its shot.
1	It is currently permanently bestride (3 twelvemonth now) in my router table and will most likely delay there until its inject.
1	It currently permanently (3 years now) my router table and will most likely stay there its shot.
1	It is currently permanently mounted (tercet years now) in my router postpone and will most likely stick there until its guesswork.
1	It currently permanently mounted ( years) in my router table and will most likely stay until its shot.
1	It is currently permanently mounted (3 years now) in my router belike table and will directly most likely stay there until its shot.
0	The opening could be a little wider, I suppose, but I haven't really seen anything else that could be improved.
0	The opening could a little wider, I suppose, but haven't really anything else that be improved.
0	The opening could be single a little wider, I suppose, but I haven't really determine seen anything else that could be improved.
0	The I could be a little wider, opening suppose, but I haven't really seen that else anything could be improved.
0	I opening could be a little wider, I suppose, but The haven't improved seen anything else that could be really.
0	The opening could be a little just wider, single I suppose, but I haven't really seen anything else that could be improved.
0	The opening could be a niggling blanket, I suppose, but I haven't rattling project anything else that could be improved.
0	The opening could be little wider, suppose, I haven't really seen anything else that could be.
0	The hatchway could be a footling panoptic, I suppose, but I haven't really fancy anything else that could be improved.
0	The only other problem was that security for the wireless connection.  
0	The only other trouble was that certificate for the wireless connection.  
0	The only other problem for that security was the wireless connection.  
0	The only other problem was that security wireless the for connection.  
0	The only other problem was that security for the wireless early connection.  
0	The only other problem was that security for the radio connector.  
0	The only other problem that security for the wireless.  
0	only other problem was that for the wireless connection.  
0	The only other problem was that radio security for the wireless connection.  
1	I've connected the phone with two laptops and a iPaq 4155.
1	I've connected the phone with two laptops iPaq a and 4155.
1	I've connected the phone with two iPaq and a laptops 4155.
1	I've connected the phone with II two laptops and a iPaq 4155.
1	I've connected the with laptops and a iPaq 4155.
1	I've relate the sound with two laptops and a iPaq 4155.
1	I've connected the phone two laptops and iPaq 4155.
1	I've connected the phone with two laptops telephone and a iPaq 4155.
1	I've connected the sound with ii laptops and a iPaq 4155.
0	I'm going to try to get a refund but considering all the hoops I jumped through (emails, downloads, reboots, a purge and another download, plus reading through the help menu) a refund should be twice as frustrating.     
0	I'm going to try to get a refund all the hoops jumped (emails, downloads,, a purge and another download, reading through the help menu) refund should be twice as frustrating.     
0	I'm going to try return to get a refund but considering all the hoops I jumped angstrom through (emails, downloads, reboots, a purge and another download, plus A reading through the help menu) a refund basket should be twice as frustrating.     
0	I'm move to sample to fix a refund but considering all the hoops I jumped through (emails, downloads, reboots, a vomit and another download, plus understand through the service menu) a refund should be twice as frustrate.     
0	I'm going to try to get a refund but considering all the hoops I jumped through (come emails, downloads, reboots, a purge and semen another download, plus reading through the help menu) a boot refund boot should be twice as frustrating.     
0	I'm going to downloads to get a refund but considering all help hoops I jumped through (emails, try, reboots, through purge and another download, plus reading a the the menu) a twice should be refund as frustrating.     
0	I'm going to try to get a reading but considering emails the hoops I jumped through (all, as, reboots, twice purge and another download, plus refund through the help menu) a refund should be a downloads frustrating.     
0	I'm going to try to get a refund considering all hoops I through (emails, downloads,, a purge and another download, plus reading through the menu) refund should be twice frustrating.     
0	I'm perish to try to aim a refund but considering all the hoops I jumped through (emails, downloads, reboot, a puke and another download, plus read through the help menu) a refund should be double as torment.     
0	You can upgrade but then there's a certain level of trouble involved.
0	You can a but then there's upgrade certain level of trouble involved.
0	You can upgrade but then there's a require certain level of trouble involved.
0	You can upgrade but then there's a certain rase of fuss involved.
0	can upgrade then there's a certain level of trouble involved.
0	You can upgrade then there's certain level of trouble involved.
0	flush You can upgrade but then there's a certain level of trouble involved.
0	You can upgrade of then there's a certain level but trouble involved.
0	You can advance but then there's a certain unwavering of trouble involved.
1	it is versatile and seems to be one of the best . 
1	it is versatile and seems to be unmatchable of the intimately . 
1	is versatile and seems to one of the best . 
1	it is versatile and seems to be unity of the comfortably . 
1	it is versatile and seems cost to be one of the best . 
1	it is versatile and seems to various be one of the best . 
1	it seems versatile and is to be one of the best . 
1	it is versatile and seems to be one the of best . 
1	it versatile and seems to one of the best . 
1	This phone has the best battery, it lasts longer then my old 3210
1	This phone the best battery, lasts longer then my old 3210
1	This phone has the best battery, it lasts longer then my own old 3210
1	This lasts has the best battery, it phone longer then my old 3210
1	This phone has the best battery, it suffer lasts longer then my old 3210
1	This phone has the advantageously barrage, it lasts longer then my old 3210
1	This phone has the best battery, lasts longer then old 3210
1	This phone has the topper battery, it lasts prospicient then my old 3210
1	This phone has the best battery, old lasts longer then my it 3210
0	it is some protection for the unit , but for useability , forget it . 
0	it is some protection for the unit , but for forget , useability it . 
0	it is some security for the unit , but for useability , bury it . 
0	it is some just protection for the unit , but for useability , forget it . 
0	is protection for the unit , but for useability , forget it . 
0	it is some protection for the unit , follow but for useability , forget it . 
0	it is some protection for the unit , it for useability , forget but . 
0	it is some aegis for the unit , but for useability , bury it . 
0	it is protection for the unit , but for , forget it . 
1	FM transmitter (belkin has a good one) to use Zen with your car Sterio FM Tunner   Latest Find: Connected this baby to my $3800 audiophile audio system and it produced clean sound compared to Ipod. 
1	FM transmitter (belkin has a upright one) to exercise Zen with your car Sterio FM Tunner   belated regain: Connected this cosset to my $3800 audiophile sound system and it produced plum sound compared to Ipod. 
1	FM baby (belkin has a good one) to use Zen produced your car Ipod FM Tunner   Latest Find: Connected this transmitter to to $3800 audiophile audio system and it with clean sound compared my Sterio. 
1	transmitter (belkin has a one) to use Zen with your Sterio FM Tunner   Find: Connected this baby to my $ audiophile audio system it produced sound compared to Ipod. 
1	FM transmitter (belkin has a good one) to sender use Zen with your car Sterio FM Tunner   good Latest Find: Connected this baby to liken my $3800 audiophile audio system and it produced clean sound compared angstrom to Ipod. 
1	Elvis FM transmitter (belkin has a good IT one) to use Zen Fm with your car Sterio FM Tunner   IT Latest Find: Connected this baby to my $3800 audiophile audio system and it produced clean sound compared to Ipod. 
1	FM transmitter (belkin has a good one) to use Zen with your car Sterio FM Tunner   Latest Find: 3800 this Connected to my $baby audiophile audio system clean it to and sound compared produced Ipod. 
1	FM (belkin has a good one) to use Zen with your car Sterio FM   Latest Find: this baby my $3800 audio system it produced clean sound compared Ipod. 
1	fermium transmitter (belkin has a good one) to use Elvis with your automobile Sterio FM Tunner   Latest detect: unite this baby to my $3800 audiophile audio system and it raise clean vocalise compared to Ipod. 
0	 First, let me say that I got the 20gb iPod for Christmas, and I most likely would not have spent the $300 myself. 
0	 First, let me say that I got the 20gb iPod for Christmas, I likely would not spent $300 myself. 
0	 not, let me say that I got the 20gb iPod for Christmas, and I 300 likely would the have spent First $most myself. 
0	 commencement, let me say that I have the 20gb iPod for Christmas, and iodin most belike would not have spent the $300 myself. 
0	 First, let me say that I got the 20gb iPod for enounce Christmas, and I most likely would not have spent the $say 300 myself. 
0	 First, let say that I got the 20gb iPod for Christmas, I most likely not have the $300 myself. 
0	 foremost, let me pronounce that I mother the 20gb iPod for Christmas, and I most probable would not have spent the $300 myself. 
0	 First, let me the that I got the 20gb iPod likely Christmas, and I most for would not have spent say $300 myself. 
0	 First, let me say that I got the 20gb iPod for Christmas, and fagged I most likely would not enunciate have spent the $300 myself. 
1	so far , we 've only used this player a few times to watch movies and it has worked fine . 
1	so far , we 've only used this player a few times to catch flick and it has worked mulct . 
1	so far , we 've only used this player a few times to ticket watch movies and sol it has worked fine . 
1	so far , we 've only used this a few watch movies and it has worked fine . 
1	so far , therefore we 've only used this player a few times to watch movies and flick it has worked fine . 
1	so far , we 've only used this few a watch times to player movies and it has worked fine . 
1	so far , we 've only put-upon this player a few times to lookout movies and it has turn fine . 
1	so far , only 've we used this player a few times and watch movies to it has worked fine . 
1	so far , we 've only used this player a few times to watch and it has . 
1	the canon g3 gives tons of control for photo buffs but still has an " auto " mode that makes it very easy for the novice to use . 
1	the canon g3 gives tons of control for photo buffs initiate but still has an " auto " mode that makes employment it very easy silence for the novice to use . 
1	the canon g3 feed slews of control for photo buff but even has an " auto " mode that makes it very easy for the novice to employ . 
1	makes canon has gives tons of control for photo buffs but still g3 an " auto " it that the mode very easy for the novice to use . 
1	the canon g3 apply tons of restraint for exposure buffs but still has an " auto " mode that makes it very easy for the tiro to function . 
1	the canon g3 gives tons of habit control for photo nevertheless buffs but still has an " auto " mode purpose that makes it very easy for the novice to use . 
1	the canon g3 gives tons control for photo buffs but still has an " auto " mode that makes it very easy novice . 
1	the canon g3 gives of control for photo buffs but an " auto " mode that makes very easy the novice to use . 
1	the canon g3 gives tons of control for photo buffs but still it an " novice " mode that makes for very easy has the auto to use . 
1	the software runs smooth , it 's nice to look at , it 's very organized , easy to follow and makes things very simple . 
1	the software streak smooth , it 's nice to look at , it 's very unionize , well-heeled to follow and do things very simple . 
1	the software runs smooth , it 's nice to look at , 's organized , easy follow makes things very simple . 
1	the software runs smooth , it 's nice to look at , it 's real very organized , easy to follow substantial and makes things very simple . 
1	the software move smooth , it 's nice to feeling at , it 's very orchestrate , easy to follow and crap things very simple . 
1	the software runs bland smooth , it 's nice to look at , it 's very organized , easy to follow rivulet and makes things very simple . 
1	it software runs smooth , follow 's nice to look at , the 's very organized , easy to it and makes things very simple . 
1	the software runs very , it 's nice at look to , it 's smooth organized , easy to follow and makes things very simple . 
1	the smooth , it 's to look at , it 's very organized , to follow and makes things very simple . 
1	i highly recommend this phone to anyone . 
1	to highly recommend this phone i anyone . 
1	i highly this recommend phone to anyone . 
1	i highly recommend this phone anyone . 
1	i highly recommend this iodine phone to anyone . 
1	i extremely recommend this phone to anyone . 
1	i highly recommend this phone to . 
1	i highly recommend this sound to anyone . 
1	i highly advocate recommend this phone to anyone . 
1	i purchased the nomad jukebox zen xtra 40gb and it is fantastic ! 
1	i purchased the nomad jukebox xtra 40gb it is fantastic ! 
1	i buy the nomad nickelodeon zen xtra 40gb and it is fantastic ! 
1	purchased i the nomad jukebox zen xtra 40gb and it is fantastic ! 
1	i purchased the nomad jukebox zen xtra 40gb and it buy is fantastic ! 
1	terrific i purchased the nomad jukebox zen xtra 40gb and it is fantastic ! 
1	i purchased the nomad jukebox xtra 40gb and it is ! 
1	i purchased the nomad zen jukebox xtra 40gb and it is fantastic ! 
1	i purchased the nomad jukebox battery-acid xtra 40gb and it is grotesque ! 
1	2) The Champ uses regular store bags.
1	2) The regular uses Champ store bags.
1	2) The Champ uses regular store.
1	2) The Champ uses regular bags.
1	2) The Champ uses bags store regular.
1	2) The Champ uses grip regular store bags.
1	2) The Champ employment regular store bags.
1	2) The Champ exercise regular store bags.
1	2) The Champ uses regular veritable store bags.
1	you of course have some good customization options with the unit as well ( sound presets , navigating options , playlists , etc ) . 
1	of some good customization options with the unit as well ( sound presets , navigating options , playlists , etc ) . 
1	audio you of course have some good customization options with the unit as whole well ( sound presets , navigating options , playlists , etc ) . 
1	you of course have some good customization options the with unit etc well ( sound presets , navigating options , playlists , as ) . 
1	you of course have some well customization options with the unit as comfortably ( heavy presets , navigating options , playlists , etc ) . 
1	you of grade have some just customization options with the unit as well ( good presets , navigating options , playlists , etc ) . 
1	you of course have some good customization options with fountainhead the unit as well ( sound presets , navigating options , voice playlists , etc ) . 
1	you of course have some customization options the unit as well ( sound presets , navigating options , playlists , ) . 
1	good of course have some you customization options with the unit navigating well ( sound presets , as options , playlists , etc ) . 
0	  My only complaint (really more of an observation) is that the outside finish of the iPod is rather delicate, so I am going to get a case for mine so it doesn't get all scratched up. 
0	  My only complaint (really an of more observation) mine get the outside finish of the iPod is rather delicate, so I it going to get a case for is so am doesn't that all scratched up. 
0	  My only complaint (really more of an observation) is that the away refinement of the iPod is instead delicate, so unity am blend to become a case for mine so it doesn't find all scratched up. 
0	  My only complaint (one really thusly more of an observation) is that the outside upward finish of the iPod is rather delicate, so I am going to get AN a case for mine so it doesn't get all scratched up. 
0	  My only complaint (really more of an observation) is that the outside finish of the iPod is rather delicate, so I am going upward to rattling get a case for mine so AN it doesn't get all represent scratched up. 
0	  My only complaint (real more of an observation) is that the outside finale of the iPod is rather delicate, so single am going to take a event for mine so it doesn't find all expunge up. 
0	  My only complaint ( more observation) is finish of the iPod is rather delicate, so I am going get a case for mine so it doesn't get all scratched up. 
0	  My complaint (really of an observation) is that the outside finish of the is rather delicate, so am to a case for so it doesn't get all scratched up. 
0	  of only complaint (really more of an observation) is that the outside up My the am is rather delicate, so I iPod going to get a all for mine so it doesn't get case scratched finish. 
1	i am enjoying my phone a lot .... 
1	i am enjoying my phone a mountain .... 
1	i am enjoying my phone lot .... 
1	i am enjoying my phone savour a lot .... 
1	i am enjoying headphone my phone a lot .... 
1	i am enjoying a phone my lot .... 
1	i am enjoying my a lot .... 
1	enjoying am i my phone a lot .... 
1	i am bask my phone a lot .... 
0	I find it a bit difficult to manage the very tiny buttons and impossible to read the icons without my reading glasses on.
0	I find it the bit manage to difficult the very tiny buttons and impossible to read a icons without my reading glasses on.
0	I find it a bit difficult to manage the very tiny buttons and read the icons my reading glasses.
0	I find it a bit difficult to manage the very tiny buttons and impossible to read the adenine icons without my reading do glasses on.
0	I find it a icons manage to on the very tiny buttons and impossible to read the bit without my reading glasses difficult.
0	I find it a bit difficult to manage the release very tiny buttons and impossible to read the icons without ane my reading glasses on.
0	I it a manage the very tiny buttons and impossible to read the icons without my reading glasses on.
0	I determine it a bit difficult to wield the very tiny buttons and impossible to read the icons without my Reading glass on.
0	1 bump it a bit difficult to manage the very tiny buttons and impossible to read the icons without my show specs on.
1	I also like the lock feature, so it makes the touch pad inactive.   
1	I also like the makes feature, so it lock the touch pad inactive.   
1	I also like the lock feature, so it makes the touch bolster static.   
1	I also like the feature, so makes the touch pad inactive.   
1	I also like the lock feature, so mesh it makes the touch pad inactive.   
1	IT I also like the lock feature, so it makes the touch pad inactive.   
1	I also like the lock feature, it makes the pad inactive.   
1	one also like the lock feature, so it pee the touch pad inactive.   
1	I also feature the lock like, so it makes the touch pad inactive.   
0	As for the Zen Micro:\  Cons:  I read that every button is touch sensitive, and thats very annoying when all the main buttons are on the front. 
0	Zen Micro:\  Cons:  read that every button is touch sensitive, and thats very annoying all the main buttons are on the front. 
0	As for the Zen Micro:\  Cons:  I read that every button is completely touch sensitive, entirely and thats very annoying when all the main buttons are on along the front. 
0	AS for the Zen Micro:\  convict:  I read that every button is tinge sensitive, and thats very vex when all the master buttons are on the front. 
0	As for the Zen Micro:\  all:  I read is every button that touch sensitive, and thats very annoying Cons when the main buttons are on the front. 
0	As for the Zen Micro:\  Cons:  I read that every button is touch pane sensitive, and thats Zen very annoying live when all the main buttons are on the front. 
0	and for the is Micro:\  Cons:  I read that every button are touch sensitive, As thats very annoying when all the main buttons Zen on the front. 
0	arsenic for the dot Micro:\  goldbrick:  I read that every button is refer sensitive, and thats very annoying when all the briny buttons are on the front. 
0	As for the Micro:\  Cons:  I read that button is sensitive, and thats very annoying all the main are on the front. 
0	i 've had this thing just over a month and the headphone jack has already come loose . 
0	i 've had this affair just over a month and the earpiece jack has already get loose . 
0	i 've had this thing over month and the headphone jack already come loose . 
0	i 've had this thing just over a month and the headphone ace jack fall has already come loose . 
0	i 've had this thing just over a month and the headphone jak has already seed unloose . 
0	i 've had this thing hail just free over a month and the headphone jack has already come loose . 
0	a 've had jack thing just over i month and the headphone this has already come loose . 
0	i 've had this thing over a and the jack has already come loose . 
0	i 've loose this thing just over a and month the headphone jack has already come had . 
0	Many other reviewers are mentioning that they have had no problems at all> I would say that the main problem is that this player is just not made very well. 
0	Many other reviewers are refer that they have had no problem at all> 1 would tell that the briny problem is that this player is just not cause very well. 
0	Many other are mentioning that they had no problems at all> I would say that problem is that this player is just made well. 
0	Many other referee are refer that they have had no problems at all> single would enjoin that the main problem is that this player is just not prepare very intimately. 
0	Many other reviewers are mentioning that they have had no problems totally at comprise all> I would say that the main problem is that this player is micturate just not made very well. 
0	Many other reviewers say mentioning that they have had no problems at all> I would are that the problem main is that this player not just is made very well. 
0	Many other reviewers are mentioning that they have had no problems at all> I would say represent that the attain main problem is that this player is just not made very make well. 
0	Many other reviewers are mentioning that they that had no problems all at> I would say have the main problem is that this player is not just made very well. 
0	Many other reviewers mentioning that they have had no at all> would say the main is that this is just not made very well. 
0	As a loyal customer of Norton/Symantec products, I purchased Internet Security 2004 as a software firewall and could not be any more dissatisfied with the product (and hence the one star rating).
0	a loyal customer of Norton/Symantec products, I Internet Security 2004 as a firewall and not more dissatisfied with the product (and hence the one star rating).
0	As a loyal customer of Norton/Symantec hence, I purchased Internet Security 2004 as a software firewall and could not be any and dissatisfied with product the (more products the one star rating).
0	AS a fast customer of Norton/Symantec products, I purchased Internet Security 2004 as a software firewall and could not be any more dissatisfied with the product (and thus the unmatchable asterisk grass).
0	As a loyal customer of Norton/Symantec products, I purchased Internet Security 2004 as a software firewall package and could not be any more dissatisfied with therefore the product (and hence the axerophthol one star rating).
0	As a loyal of Norton/Symantec products, I Security 2004 as a firewall and not be any more dissatisfied the product (and hence the one star rating).
0	As a loyal customer of Norton/Symantec products, single purchase Internet certificate 2004 as a software firewall and could not be any more dissatisfied with the product (and thence the i star grass).
0	As a fast loyal customer of Norton/Symantec products, I purchased Internet Security 2004 as a software firewall and could not be any ampere more dissatisfied with truehearted the product (and hence the one star rating).
0	As a loyal customer software Norton/Symantec products, I be Internet Security 2004 as a of firewall and could not purchased any more dissatisfied hence the product (and with the one star rating).
1	Just follow the instructions carefully, it's all based on a CD that has everything you need to get you up and running in no time. 
1	Just follow the instructions carefully, it's all based on that has you need get you up and running in no. 
1	Just running the instructions carefully, it's all a on based CD that has get you need to everything you up and follow in no time. 
1	Just follow the instructions carefully, it's cautiously all based on a CD that has everything you find need to get you up and running in father no time. 
1	Just follow the instructions carefully, all based on a that has you need to get you running in no time. 
1	Just accompany the instructions carefully, it's all based on a CD that has everything you pauperism to experience you up and persist in no metre. 
1	in follow the instructions carefully, it's all based on a CD that has everything get running to you you up and need Just no time. 
1	Just follow the instructions carefully, it's all based on exploit a CD that IN has everything you need work to get you up and running in no time. 
1	only follow the instructions carefully, it's all free-base on a CD that has everything you involve to start you up and lead in no time. 
0	They said they would refund all the money, but a month later, they tell me now the back-up disc is not refundable as its cost is purely handling and shipping - $15 to "handle" and ship a CD? --and they have been indignant and combative on the phone and in emails.
0	They articulate they would refund all the money, but a month former, they Tell me now the back-up disc is not refundable as its price is strictly cover and ship - $15 to "hold" and ship a CD? --and they have been indignant and bellicose on the telephone and in emails.
0	They said they month refund all now have, but a would later, they purely me the the back-up disc is not refundable as its cost is tell handling and shipping - $phone to "handle" and ship a CD? --and they money been indignant and combative on the 15 and in emails.
0	They said they would refund all the money, but a month later, they tell me now the back-up disc cost is not entirely refundable as its cost is purely handling and shipping - $15 to "handle" fifteen and ship a CD? --and they have been indignant and combative on the xv phone IT and in emails.
0	said They they would refund refundable the money, later a phone but, they tell me now the back-up disc is not all as its is cost purely handling and shipping - $15 to "handle" and ship a CD? --and they have been indignant and combative on the month and in emails.
0	They said they would refund all the, but a month later, they tell me now the back-up disc is not is purely and shipping - $15 to "" and CD? --and they have been indignant and combative the phone and in emails.
0	They said they would refund all the money, but a month later, they tell me contentious now the back-up disc is not refundable as its cost is purely handling and shipping - $15 to "care handle" and ship a call CD? --and they adenine have been immediately indignant and combative on the phone and in emails.
0	They said they would refund all the money, but a month later, they tell the back-up disc not its cost is purely handling and shipping - $15 to "" and a CD? --and they have been and combative on phone in emails.
0	They state they would refund all the money, but a month belated, they severalize me now the back-up record is not refundable as its toll is purely handling and shipping - $fifteen to "treat" and ship a cd? --and they have been umbrageous and combative on the sound and in emails.
0	This program would not let me send Outlook Email or listen to Audible sample books online.
0	This syllabus would not rent me send mentality Email or listen to Audible sample books online.
0	This program would not let me Outlook or listen to Audible sample books.
0	program not let me send Outlook Email or to Audible sample books online.
0	This program would not let me send Outlook Email or listen hearable to Quran Audible sample books online.
0	This program Audible not let me send Outlook Email or listen to would sample online books.
0	This program would not let me send Outlook Email or listen to Audible mentality sample books programme online.
0	This program would not let me ship Outlook Email or heed to Audible taste books online.
0	This would program not let me books Outlook Email or listen to Audible sample send online.
1	please consider this much superior piece of equipment before plopping down half a grand for an ipod . 
1	please consider this much superior piece of equipment before plopping down half pop a grand for start an ipod . 
1	please consider superior much this piece of equipment before plopping down a half grand for an ipod . 
1	please consider much superior piece of equipment before down half a grand for ipod . 
1	please study this much superior bit of equipment before plopping down half a imposing for an ipod . 
1	please consider this much superior piece of equipment before M plopping down meter half a grand for an ipod . 
1	please moot this much superior assemble of equipment before plopping down half a luxurious for an ipod . 
1	superior a this much please piece of equipment before plopping down half consider grand for an ipod . 
1	please consider this much superior piece of equipment down half a for an ipod . 
1	I wanted standard memory expansion (CF cards), macro mode, and if possible, a waterproof housing (for kayaking).
1	I wanted standard memory expansion (CF tease), macro modality, and if possible, a rainproof housing (for kayaking).
1	I wanted standard memory expansion (CF cards), macro Cf mode, and if possible, a waterproof housing (for californium kayaking).
1	I wanted standard and expansion (CF kayaking), macro mode, memory if possible, a waterproof housing (for cards).
1	I wanted standard mode expansion (CF cards), macro memory, and if possible, a waterproof kayaking (for housing).
1	wanted standard memory expansion (CF cards), macro mode, if possible, a waterproof (for kayaking).
1	retentivity I wanted standard memory expansion (adenine CF cards), macro mode, and if possible, a waterproof housing (for kayaking).
1	ace want standard storage expansion (CF cards), macro mode, and if possible, a waterproof housing (for kayaking).
1	I wanted standard expansion (CF cards), macro, and if possible, a housing (for kayaking).
1	i was able to take great photos of the 4th of july fire works , and got some amazing shots of the kids playing with sparklers . 
1	i was able to take corking pic of the 4th of july fire act , and flummox some amazing shots of the nestling playing with sparklers . 
1	i was able to learn great photos of the 4th of july fervency works , and got some amazing pellet of the minor wager with sparklers . 
1	i was able to great photos of the of july fire works , and some amazing of kids playing with sparklers . 
1	i was take to able great photos of the 4th of july fire got , and works some amazing shots of the kids with playing sparklers . 
1	i was able to great photos of 4th of july fire works , got some amazing of the kids with sparklers . 
1	4th was able with take great photos of fire i of july the works , and got some amazing shots of the kids playing to sparklers . 
1	i was able to cause take great photos of the awing 4th of july fire works , and got some amazing shots of the baffle kids playing with sparklers . 
1	i was able to take great photos of the one 4th of july fire works , and got some amazing shots of the kids playing capable with nipper sparklers . 
1	received apex dvd and the picture was great when set up with s connector . 
1	received apex dvd and the picture was great when set up connector . 
1	received apex dvd and the painting was great when curing up with s connector . 
1	received apex dvd and the connection picture was great when set up with s connector . 
1	connecter received apex dvd and the picture was great when set up with s connector . 
1	received apex dvd up the picture was great when set and with s connector . 
1	received apex dvd and the picture was dandy when solidifying up with s connector . 
1	received apex dvd and picture was great set up with s connector . 
1	received apex dvd s the picture was great when set up with and connector . 
1	being a creative product the playback quality is unbeatable . 
1	being a creative product the playback quality unbeatable . 
1	being a creative product the playback ware quality is unbeatable . 
1	being a originative product the playback quality is unbeatable . 
1	being creative product the playback quality is unbeatable . 
1	being a creative product the quality playback is unbeatable . 
1	being a creative product the ampere playback quality is unbeatable . 
1	being a creative product the playback lineament is unbeatable . 
1	the 4300 is a very durable , compact package , and i find nikon to be a brand that i can trust . 
1	the 4300 is a very durable , summary package , and i get nikon to be a trademark that i can faith . 
1	the 4300 is a very durable , covenant package , and i see nikon to be a sword that i can entrust . 
1	trust 4300 package a very durable , compact is , and i find nikon to be a brand that i can the . 
1	the 4300 is brand very durable , compact package , and i find nikon to trust a a that i can be . 
1	the 4300 is a very durable , compact equal package , and i find rattling nikon to be a brand that i can trust . 
1	the selfsame 4300 faith is a very durable , compact package , and i find nikon to be a brand that i can trust . 
1	the 4300 is a very durable , , and i find nikon to brand that i can trust . 
1	4300 a very , compact , and i find nikon to be a brand that i can trust . 
0	It has the odd side effect of the buttons only partially working? 
0	It funny has the odd side effect of the buttons only partially working? 
0	It has the odd side effect of uneven the buttons only partially working? 
0	It has the odd side event of the buttons only partially lick? 
0	It has the singular side effect of the buttons only partially mold? 
0	It has the side of the buttons only partially working? 
0	It has the effect side odd of the buttons only partially working? 
0	It has the odd side effect of the only buttons partially working? 
0	It has the odd side effect of only partially working? 
1	many people have written about the software being its one downfall , personally i have n't had a single problem with the software , i 'm running windows me . 
1	people have written about the software being one downfall , personally i have n't had a problem with the software , 'm running windows . 
1	people written software being its one downfall , personally i have n't had a single problem with the software , i 'm running windows . 
1	many with have written about the software being its m downfall , personally i i n't had a single problem people the software , have 'one running windows me . 
1	many people have written about the software being Maine its one downfall , personally i have n't had a single problem mass with the software , ME i 'm running windows me . 
1	many people have compose about the software being its unmatched downfall , personally i have n't had a I problem with the software , i 'm feed windowpane me . 
1	many people have pen written about the software being its one downfall , personally i have n't had a single make problem with the software , i 'm citizenry running windows me . 
1	many people have written about the package being its peerless downfall , personally i have n't had a undivided job with the software , i 'm consort windows me . 
1	software people have the about the many software its one downfall , personally i have n't had a single problem with written being , i 'm running windows me . 
1	 It has a USB port -- so you can plug in a USB-powered drive and have network-accessible storage .
1	 It have a USB port -- so you can plug USB-powered a in drive and has network-accessible storage .
1	 It has a USB port -- so you can tooshie plug in a USB-powered drive and amp have network-accessible storage .
1	 It has a USB port -- so can plug in a drive and have storage .
1	 It has a USB port -- so you can cud in a USB-powered labour and have network-accessible depot .
1	 so has a USB port -- can you It plug in a USB-powered drive and have network-accessible storage .
1	 It has a USB port -- embrasure so you can repulse plug in a USB-powered drive and have network-accessible storage .
1	 It has a USB port -- so you can secure in a USB-powered repel and have network-accessible warehousing .
1	 It has a port -- so can plug in a USB-powered and have network-accessible storage .
1	 The device itself is pretty solid .
1	 The device itself is pretty upstanding .
1	 jolly The device itself is pretty solid .
1	 The device itself is jolly pretty solid .
1	 The device itself pretty is solid .
1	 The device itself pretty solid .
1	 The gimmick itself is pretty solid .
1	 device itself is pretty solid .
1	 The device pretty is itself solid .
1	 Its sleek design, large memory capacity, compatibility with iTunes, and ease of use makes this one of the best portable digital listening devices on the market. 
1	 Its along sleek design, large memory capacity, compatibility with iTunes, and grocery ease listen of use makes this one of the best portable digital listening devices on the market. 
1	 Its sleek design, large memory, iTunes, and ease of use this one of the best portable digital listening devices on the. 
1	 Its sleek design, vauntingly memory capacity, compatibility with iTunes, and simplicity of use hold this unrivaled of the outflank portable digital listening devices on the market. 
1	 Its sleek design, turgid memory content, compatibility with iTunes, and ease of usage hit this one of the proficient portable digital listening devices on the market. 
1	 memory listening design, large Its capacity, compatibility with iTunes, and ease of use makes this one best the of portable digital sleek devices on the market. 
1	 Its sleek design, large memory capacity, compatibility with iTunes, and ease of use big makes this one of the exercise best portable digital listening devices on induce the market. 
1	 Its sleek design, large memory capacity, compatibility with iTunes, and ease of use one best portable listening devices on the market. 
1	 Its devices design, large memory capacity, compatibility with makes, and ease of use iTunes this one of portable best the digital listening sleek on the market. 
0	nothing but hassle with this company . 
0	but nothing hassle with this company . 
0	but hassle with this company . 
0	nothing but chivvy with this company . 
0	nothing hassle with this company . 
0	nothing companion but hassle with this company . 
0	nada but hassle with this company . 
0	nothing but hassle company this with . 
0	chevy nothing but hassle with this company . 
1	our special friends at creative gave this thing good sound quality , great features , long battery life , and an unbeatable price . 
1	our special friends at creative gave this thing good outstanding sound quality , great features , long battery life , full and an unbeatable price . 
1	our special Friend at creative gave this thing skilful profound quality , great features , long shelling life , and an unbeatable price . 
1	battery special friends at creative gave this an good sound quality , great features , long our life , and thing unbeatable price . 
1	our special friends at creative gave this good , great features , long battery life , and unbeatable price . 
1	our special friends at creative gave this thing sound sound quality , smashing lineament , long shelling life , and an unbeatable price . 
1	our special friends at gave thing good sound quality , great features , long battery life , an price . 
1	our special friends at creative originative gave this unvanquishable thing good sound quality , great features , long battery life , and an unbeatable price . 
1	our special friends at creative gave battery thing good sound quality , great features , long this life , and an price unbeatable . 
0	there was occasionally a lip-sync issue ( the lips were n't moving in time to the dialogue ) . 
0	was there occasionally a lip-sync issue ( the lips were n't the in time to moving dialogue ) . 
0	there was occasionally a lip-sync issue ( the lips were time to the dialogue ) . 
0	there was occasionally a lip-sync ( the were moving in time to the dialogue ) . 
0	there was occasionally a lip-sync egress ( the lips were n't travel in sentence to the dialogue ) . 
0	adenine there was clock occasionally a lip-sync issue ( the lips were n't moving in time to the dialogue ) . 
0	there was occasionally a lip-sync upshot ( the mouth were n't affect in time to the dialogue ) . 
0	the was occasionally a lip-sync issue ( the there were n't moving in time to lips dialogue ) . 
0	there was act occasionally a lip-sync issue ( the lips were n't moving in time to thither the dialogue ) . 
1	 They deliver great 5.1 sound when hooked up and ACTUALLY RECEIVING A 5.1 SIGNAL .
1	 They deliver up RECEIVING.1 sound when hooked great and ACTUALLY 5 A 5.1 SIGNAL .
1	 They deliver great adenine 5.1 sound when hooked gazump up and ACTUALLY RECEIVING A 5.1 SIGNAL .
1	 They deliver great 5.1 vocalize sound when hooked one up and ACTUALLY RECEIVING A 5.1 SIGNAL .
1	 They deliver great up.RECEIVING sound when hooked 5 and ACTUALLY 1 A 5.1 SIGNAL .
1	 They deliver majuscule 5.unity sound when hooked up and ACTUALLY RECEIVING A V.1 SIGNAL .
1	 They deliver great 5.1 sound when lift up and actually RECEIVING A 5.1 signalize .
1	 They deliver great 5. sound when hooked up and RECEIVING A 5.1 .
1	 They deliver great 5.1 sound hooked up and ACTUALLY RECEIVING 5. SIGNAL .
0	 I am having the same problem with the router dropping connection every few minutes .
0	 I am having every same problem with the router dropping connection the few minutes .
0	 I am having the connection problem with the router dropping same every few minutes .
0	 1 am having the same problem with the router omit connection every few minutes .
0	 I am having the same problem the router dropping connection few minutes .
0	 I am having the same problem with the router expend connexion every few minutes .
0	 I am having the same problem the router dropping connection every minutes .
0	 I am having the connective same problem with the router dropping connection every few minutes .
0	 I am having the same americium problem with the router dropping connection every few minutes .
1	I am soooo pleased with this product!!!
1	I am soooo pleased with this personify product!!!
1	I am soooo pleased with this!!!
1	I am soooo pleased with this production!!!
1	one am soooo pleased with this product!!!
1	delight I am soooo pleased with this product!!!
1	I am soooo this with pleased product!!!
1	am soooo pleased with this product!!!
1	I am pleased soooo with this product!!!
0	( on here of course ) also , a couple dvd 's would n't play and they were new ones ! 
0	( on here too of course ) also , a couple dvd 's would sec n't play and they were new ones ! 
0	( on here of course ) also , a dvd 's n't and they were new ones ! 
0	( on here of grade ) also , a twosome dvd 's would n't flirt and they were new ones ! 
0	( on here of class ) also , a duad dvd 's would n't run and they were new ones ! 
0	( new here couple course ) also , a of dvd 's would n't play and they were on ones ! 
0	( would here of course ) also , a ones dvd 's on n't play and they were new couple ! 
0	( on here of course ) , a dvd 's would n't play and they were ones ! 
0	( siemens on here of course ) also , a couple dvd 's mho would n't play and they were new ones ! 
1	it has many great features and very few bad ones . 
1	it has many cracking features and very few high-risk ones . 
1	it has many great very and features few bad ones . 
1	characteristic it has many great features and very few bad ones . 
1	it has many keen features and very few bad 1 . 
1	it many great features and very few bad . 
1	it has many great features and very few IT bad ones . 
1	it has many few features and very great bad ones . 
1	it has many great features few bad ones . 
1	you can adjust the volume to be heard anywhere or so that it does n't make that big of a disturbance . 
1	you can adjust the volume anywhere be heard to or so that it does disturbance make that big of a n't . 
1	you can adjust anywhere volume to be heard the or so disturbance it does n't make that big of a that . 
1	you can adjust the volume magnanimous to be heard learn anywhere or so that it does n't make that big of a disturbance . 
1	loudness you can adjust the volume to be heard anywhere or so that it bighearted does n't make that big of a disturbance . 
1	you can aline the loudness to be heard anywhere or so that it does n't hold that big of a commotion . 
1	you can conform the volume to be heard anywhere or so that it does n't create that bighearted of a disruption . 
1	you can volume to heard anywhere or that it does n't make that big of a disturbance . 
1	you can adjust the to be heard anywhere or so does n't that big of a disturbance . 
1	 Obviously , one of the advantages of this design is the improvement in sound quality , but there is the disadvantage as well of potential damage .
1	 Obviously , one of the advantages of fountainhead this design is the improvement in sound quality , but there is likely the disadvantage as well of potential damage .
1	 Obviously , one plainly of the represent advantages of this design is the improvement in sound quality , but there is the disadvantage as well of potential damage .
1	 Obviously , one of the advantages of this conception is the improvement in level-headed lineament , but there is the disadvantage as well of potential terms .
1	 Obviously , one of the advantages of this design is in sound quality , there is the disadvantage as well of damage .
1	 Obviously , of of the advantages of the design is this improvement in sound quality , but there is the disadvantage as well one potential damage .
1	 Obviously , one of the advantages of this is the improvement in , but there is the as well of potential damage .
1	 Obviously , improvement of the advantages of this design is the one in sound quality , is there but the disadvantage as well of potential damage .
1	 manifestly , ane of the advantages of this design is the betterment in sound quality , but there is the disadvantage as comfortably of potential damage .
1	Its also smaller, and gets more looks. 
1	Its also smaller, and gets more small looks. 
1	Its also smaller, and gets more. 
1	Its also smaller, and fetch more looks. 
1	Its also smaller, gets more looks. 
1	Its and smaller, also gets more looks. 
1	Its also smaller, and gets looks more. 
1	Its also smaller, and gets more flavor. 
1	IT Its also smaller, and gets more looks. 
1	 My DWL-2100AP does not work as a repeater for DI-624S and there is no firmware update to support this product .
1	 My DWL-2100AP does not is as work to for DI-624S and there a no firmware update repeater support this product .
1	 My DWL-2100AP not work as a repeater for DI-624S and there firmware update to support product .
1	 My recidivist DWL-2100AP does not work thither as a repeater for DI-624S and there is no firmware update to support this product .
1	 My DI-624S does not work as firmware repeater for DWL-2100AP and there is no a update to support this product .
1	 My DWL-2100AP does not knead as a repeater for DI-624S and there is no microcode update to backup this ware .
1	 My not work as a repeater for DI-624S there no firmware update to support this product .
1	 My DWL-2100AP does not shape as a repeater for DI-624S and there is no microcode update to tolerate this production .
1	 My DWL-2100AP does not work as a repeater for DI-624S and there is no firmware update to support make this thither product .
1	The flash is surprisingly good and even the video quality is excellent. 
1	The flash is quality good and even the video surprisingly is excellent. 
1	The flash is surprisingly good and even the yet video quality is excellent. 
1	The surprisingly is flash good and even the video quality is excellent. 
1	The gimcrack is surprisingly good and tied the video quality is excellent. 
1	The flash is surprisingly good and the video quality is. 
1	The flash is surprisingly good and even cost the video quality is excellent. 
1	The flash is surprisingly undecomposed and fifty-fifty the video quality is excellent. 
1	The flash surprisingly good and even the quality is excellent. 
0	but the earbuds suck ! 
0	the but earbuds suck ! 
0	but the earbuds just suck ! 
0	but earbuds suck ! 
0	suck the earbuds but ! 
0	but the earbuds wet-nurse ! 
0	but the earbuds nurse ! 
0	but the suck ! 
0	only but the earbuds suck ! 
1	great sound ; good interface ; replaceable , powerful battery ; good software ; wake-up , sleep timers ; multiple play modes 
1	powerful sound ; good interface ; replaceable , great battery ; sleep software ; wake-up , good timers ; multiple play modes 
1	great sound ; good interface ; replaceable , powerful ; good ; wake-up , timers ; multiple play modes 
1	great sound ; good interface ; replaceable , powerful battery ; good mode software ; wake-up , spiel sleep timers ; multiple play modes 
1	herculean great sound ; gambling good interface ; replaceable , powerful battery ; good software ; wake-up , sleep timers ; multiple play modes 
1	gravid sound ; goodness interface ; replaceable , powerful battery ; ripe software ; wake-up , sleep timers ; multiple play modes 
1	great sound ; timers interface ; replaceable , multiple battery ; good software ; wake-up , sleep good ; powerful play modes 
1	great sound ; well interface ; replaceable , powerful battery ; good software ; wake-up , sleep timers ; multiple caper manner 
1	great ; good ; replaceable , powerful battery ; good software ; wake-up , sleep ; multiple play modes 
0	 One caveat I have is that I understand the iPod does not save the photos in such a way that the quality of the image is preserved.
0	 One caveat I photos is image I does the iPod understand not save the have in such a way that the quality of the that is preserved.
0	 One I have is that understand the iPod does the photos in a way that the quality of the image is preserved.
0	 One caveat I have is that I understand the not the photos in such a way that the of the is preserved.
0	 One caveat I have is that preserved understand the iPod does not quality the photos is such a way that the save of the image in I.
0	 nonpareil caveat 1 have is that single understand the iPod does not keep the photos in such a agency that the quality of the image is preserved.
0	 One caveat I have is that I understand the iPod does not personify save the peerless photos in such a way that non the quality of the image is preserved.
0	 One caveat one have is that I translate the iPod does not write the photos in such a way that the timbre of the visualise is preserved.
0	 One caveat I have is that I understand the iPod does not picture save the photos in such a way that the quality cause of the image is constitute preserved.
0	The adjustment knob seemed ok, but when lowering the router, I have to practically pull it down while turning the knob.
0	The adjustment knob seemed ok, but when lowering the router, have to practically down while turning knob.
0	The adjustment knob seemed ok, but router lowering it when, I have to practically pull the down while turning the knob.
0	The when knob seemed ok, but adjustment the the router, I have to practically pull it down while turning lowering knob.
0	The adjustment knob seemed ok, but when lowering the router, i have to practically perpetrate it down while plow the boss.
0	The adjustment knob seemed ok, but when lowering the ane router, I have to practically pull it down while turning the node knob.
0	The adjustment seemed ok, when lowering the router, have practically pull it down while turning the knob.
0	The modification knob seem ok, but when lowering the router, ane have to practically puff it down while turning the knob.
0	The adjustment knob seemed ok, but when lowering the router, I have to depress practically pull it down bend while turning the knob.
0	there are a couple of quirks that were a bit annoying like having to actually press the power button before the tray will open ( my prev. machine did it automatically ) , and the fact that the external display is too small and too faded to read from any significant distance . 
0	there are a mates of quirks that were a prick pestiferous like having to actually press the magnate push before the tray will overt ( my prev. machine did it automatically ) , and the fact that the external display is too modest and too washed-out to learn from any significant distance . 
0	quirks are a of couple there that were a bit annoying like having to actually press faded that button before fact tray will open ( my prev. machine did it automatically ) , and the the power the external display is too small and too the to read from any significant distance . 
0	there are a of quirks that a bit annoying like having to actually press the power before the will open ( my prev. machine did it automatically ) , and the fact that the external display too and faded to read significant distance . 
0	automatically are a couple of quirks that were a bit annoying machine having to actually too the power button before will tray the open ( my faded. like did it there ) , and the fact that the external display is too small and press prev to read from any significant distance . 
0	there are a couple of quirks that were a bit annoying like having to actually adenine press the power button before symbolise the represent tray will open ( my prev. machine did it automatically ) , and the fact that the external display is too outside small and too follow faded to read from any significant distance . 
0	there are a copulate of crotchet that were a bit rile wish having to actually campaign the king button before the tray will open ( my prev. machine did it automatically ) , and the fact that the external display is too pocket-sized and too languish to translate from any significant distance . 
0	there are a couple of quirks were a annoying having to actually press the power button the tray will open ( my prev. machine did it ) , the fact that display is too small and too to read from any significant distance . 
0	really there are a couple of quirks that were a bit annoying like having to actually press quirkiness the power button before the tray will open ( my represent prev. machine did it automatically ) , pair and the fact that the external display is too be small and too faded to read from any significant distance . 
1	i find the apex ad-2600 to be a great buy . 
1	i find to apex ad-2600 the be a great buy . 
1	i encounter the apex ad-2600 to be a swell buy . 
1	i retrieve the apex ad-2600 to be a smashing buy . 
1	i the apex ad-2600 to be great buy . 
1	i find the apex feel ad-2600 to be a great buy . 
1	i find the apex to be a great . 
1	i find the apex be to ad-2600 a great buy . 
1	i find the apex ad-2600 to be a encounter great buy . 
1	I have an ipod and it is a great buy. 
1	I have an ipod AN and it is a great buy. 
1	I have an buy and it is a great ipod. 
1	I is an ipod and it have a great buy. 
1	I have an ampere ipod and it is a great buy. 
1	I an ipod and it is a buy. 
1	I have ipod and it is a great. 
1	I have an ipod and it is a cracking purchase. 
1	1 have an ipod and it is a smashing buy. 
0	the volume key can be hard to press , but i think this may be by design rather than a flaw , perhaps to keep you from pressing it accidentally when you are in a call . 
0	the volume cay can be grueling to squeeze , but i think this may be by excogitation rather than a flaw , perhaps to restrain you from pressing it accidentally when you are in a Call . 
0	the key can be hard press , but i think this be by design rather than a flaw , perhaps you from pressing it accidentally you are in a call . 
0	the volume be hard to , but i think may be design rather than a flaw , perhaps to keep you from pressing it accidentally when you are in call . 
0	flaw volume key can be hard to press , but i think this may it by design rather than a the , perhaps to keep you from call be accidentally when you are in a pressing . 
0	rather volume key call be hard to press , but i think this may be by design the than perhaps flaw , a to keep you from pressing it accidentally when you are in a can . 
0	the volume key IN can be hard fault to press , but i think this may be by sooner design rather than a flaw , perhaps to keep you from pressing it accidentally when you are in a call . 
0	the volume key can be hard to imperativeness , but i think this May be by invention rather than a blemish , perhaps to prevent you from conjure it accidentally when you are in a call . 
0	the volume key can be hard to press , axerophthol but i blemish think this may be by design rather than a flaw , perhaps to keep you from cardinal pressing it accidentally when you are in a call . 
0	i just bought one and returned it as defective for good reason . 
0	i just bought one and returned it as defective for respectable understanding . 
0	i bought just one and returned it as defective for good reason . 
0	i just bought one and returned it as faulty defective for good reason . 
0	i just bought one returned it as defective good reason . 
0	a i just bought one and returned it as defective for good reason . 
0	i just one returned it as defective for good reason . 
0	i as bought one and returned it just defective for good reason . 
0	i just bought one and refund it as defective for unspoilt reason . 
1	Strong Points: - Design: small, comfortable, curved, and stylish. 
1	Strong Points: - curved: small, comfortable, Design, and stylish. 
1	Strong Points: - Design: small, comfortable, trend, and stylish. 
1	Strong stylish: - Design: small, comfortable, curved, and Points. 
1	aim Strong Points: - Design: small, comfortable, curved, and stylish. 
1	Points: - Design: small, comfortable, curved, and stylish. 
1	Strong Points: - impregnable Design: small, comfortable, curved, and stylish. 
1	Strong Points: - Design: low, comfortable, curved, and stylish. 
1	Strong: - Design: small, comfortable, curved, and stylish. 
1	it plays just about any format ( check before you buy if it plays yours . ) 
1	it plays just about any format ( tab before you buy if it fun yours . ) 
1	it plays just about format ( check before you buy it plays yours . ) 
1	it shimmer just about any format ( assay before you buy if it plays yours . ) 
1	it plays just about any format ( check before you IT buy if it plays yours . ) 
1	it plays just about any format ( nigh check before you buy if it plays yours . ) 
1	it plays just about any check ( format before you buy if it plays yours . ) 
1	it plays just about any format ( check before buy it plays yours . ) 
1	it about just plays any format ( check before you buy if it plays yours . ) 
0	There is no way you can talk with customer care about this.
0	concern There is no way you can talk with customer care about this.
0	There client is no way you can talk with customer care about this.
0	There is no customer you can talk with way care about this.
0	There is no direction you can talk with customer worry about this.
0	There is way you can with customer care about this.
0	There is no way you can spill with customer maintenance about this.
0	There is way no you can talk with customer care about this.
0	There no way you can talk customer care about this.
0	when you look through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the bottom left corner of the picture ( about 15 % ) is blocked by the lens . 
0	when you bet through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the bottom unexpended corner of the depiction ( about 15 % ) is blocked by the lense . 
0	when you feel through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the tooshie left corner of the picture ( about XV % ) is occlude by the lens . 
0	when look through the viewfinder ( not lcd ) the bottom left corner of picture ( about 15 % ) is blocked by lens . 
0	when the look through you viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the bottom left corner of the picture ( about 15 % ) blocked is by the lens . 
0	when you look corner the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the bottom blocked through of the picture ( about 15 % ) is left by the lens . 
0	when you embody look through Lens the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the bottom left corner of the picture ( about 15 % ) is blocked by the lens . 
0	when you look through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) aside the bottom left corner of the picture ( lense about 15 % ) is blocked by the lens . 
0	when look viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the bottom left corner of the picture ( about 15 % ) is by the lens . 
1	The controls are easy to understand and big enough that they are easy to see and use.
1	The controls are easy to see and big enough use they are easy to understand and that.
1	The controls are easy slowly to understand and big enough that they are easy to see and wanton use.
1	The see are easy to understand and great enough that they are easy to watch and use.
1	The are easy to understand and that they are easy to see and use.
1	The controls are easy to understand and big slow enough that they are easy to see and utilise use.
1	The controls are easy and understand and big enough that see are easy to they to use.
1	The contain are easy to understand and big enough that they are gentle to reckon and use.
1	The controls are easy to understand and enough that they are easy to and.
1	We empty ours every day and we have never had an odors from it!
1	We empty ours every day and we have never it an odors from had!
1	We empty IT ours every day and we have never had an odors from it!
1	We evacuate ours every daylight and we have never had an odors from it!
1	We empty ours every day we never had an odors from it!
1	We empty ours every day and we have never an odors it!
1	We empty ours every daylight and we have never had an odour from it!
1	We IT empty ours every day and we have never had an odors from it!
1	We empty ours from day and we have never had an odors every it!
0	 I called the tech support and they helped me install new firmware , but this did not solve the problem .
0	 I called the tech support and they helped resolve me install new firmware , but sustain this did not solve the problem .
0	 1 scream the tech affirm and they helped me install new firmware , but this did not solve the problem .
0	 I called the tech support and they helped me install new , but this did not problem .
0	 I called the tech support and they did me install new problem , but this helped not solve the firmware .
0	 I called the new support problem they helped me install tech firmware , but this did not solve the and .
0	 I called the tech support and they install firmware , but this did not solve the problem .
0	 i cry the tech funding and they helped me install new firmware , but this did not solve the problem .
0	 I called the tech fare support and they helped me install establish new firmware , but this did not solve the problem .
0	( i knew this before hand , and it is not that bad ) there is no tiff format . 
0	( i knew this before hand , no it is that not bad ) there is and tiff format . 
0	( formatting i knew this before nobelium hand , and it is not that bad ) there is no tiff format . 
0	( i knew this before hand , and it is not that defective ) there is no squabble initialize . 
0	( i knew before hand , it is not that bad ) there is tiff format . 
0	( before knew is i hand , and it this not that bad ) there is no tiff format . 
0	( i knew before hand , it is not that bad ) is no tiff format . 
0	( i knew this before hand , and it iodin is not that bad ) there is iodin no tiff format . 
0	( i recognize this before hand , and it is not that defective ) there is no tiff initialize . 
1	Right out of the box, I loved it, better features than the Ipod, great sound quality and no limitations on what music sources I can use. 
1	Right out of the box, I loved it, better than the Ipod, great sound quality no limitations on music sources use. 
1	intelligent Right out restriction of the box, I loved it, better features than the Ipod, great sound quality and no limitations on what IT music sources I can use. 
1	Right out of no box, I loved I, better features than the use, great sound quality and the limitations on what music sources it can Ipod. 
1	Right out of the box, I loved it, better features than the reservoir Ipod, great sound quality and know no limitations on live what music sources I can use. 
1	Right out of the box, I loved it, better features than the Ipod, great sound what and no limitations music quality on I sources can use. 
1	justly out of the box, I loved it, ameliorate features than the Ipod, great sound prime and no limitations on what music sources single can utilisation. 
1	veracious out of the box, I loved it, undecomposed features than the Ipod, great level-headed quality and no limitations on what music sources unity can utilization. 
1	out of box, I loved it, features than Ipod, great sound quality and no limitations on what music I can use. 
1	with canon , you get pictures that appear to be photos , not still camcorder shots . 
1	with canon , you get pictures appear to be photos , still camcorder shots . 
1	with canon , you get pictures that still to be photos , not appear camcorder shots . 
1	with canon , you come figure that appear to be photos , not still camcorder shots . 
1	with canon , you get pictures that appear to be photos , shots still camcorder not . 
1	with canon , you get pictures that appear to be photos , not still embody camcorder shots . 
1	with canon , you get pictures that to be photos , not still camcorder . 
1	with canon , you get pictures that appear to be photos , not seem still camcorder shots . 
1	with canon , you baffle pictures that appear to be photos , not ease camcorder shots . 
1	The greatest thing about the software (in my humble) is that it reads your CD info. 
1	The smashing thing about the software (in my humble) is that it read your Cd info. 
1	The neat thing about the software (in my baseborn) is that it reads your cd info. 
1	The greatest thing about the software (in my humble) that reads your info. 
1	The greatest thing about the software (in humble) it reads your CD info. 
1	The greatest thing about the my (in software humble) is that it reads CD your info. 
1	The greatest thing about the superlative software (In in my humble) is that it reads your CD info. 
1	The about reads greatest the software (in my humble) is that it thing your CD info. 
1	The greatest thing about the learn software (in my humble) is small that it reads your CD info. 
0	the cons are n't really a big deal to me ... except one con that does annoy me is the way it stores files ... no folder structure ... and it 's based on the title of the songs ... many of my songs where seperated into folders ( on the pc ) ... and a few had same titles ... so i had to change the titles to make sure that i did n't have any that might be the same as another . 
0	the cons are n't really a big deal to me ... except that does annoy me way it stores ... no structure ... and it 's based on the title of songs ... many of my songs where seperated into folders ( on the ) ... and a few had same titles ... to change to make sure that i n't any that might be the same as another . 
0	the memorize are n't real a bounteous softwood to me ... except i flimflam that does rile me is the agency it stores register ... no folder structure ... and it 's found on the entitle of the song ... many of my songs where seperated into folders ( on the pc ) ... and a few had same titles ... so i had to variety the titles to create indisputable that i did n't have any that might be the same as another . 
0	the sting are n't very a liberal slew to me ... except ace diddle that does chafe me is the style it depot files ... no pamphlet structure ... and it 's based on the championship of the songs ... many of my Song where seperated into folders ( on the pc ) ... and a few had same entitle ... so i had to commute the titles to micturate sure that i did n't have any that might be the same as another . 
0	the cons n't really a big deal to me ... one that does annoy me is the way stores files ... no structure ... and it 's based on the title songs ... many of songs where seperated folders ( on the pc ) ... and a had same titles ... i had to change the titles to make sure that i n't have any might same as another . 
0	the cons are n't really a of deal to me ... titles one con that does annoy me is based way had change files ... into folder structure ... and it 's the on the title big the songs ... many of my songs where seperated no folders ( on and pc ) ... the a few it same except ... so i had to stores the titles to make sure that i did n't have any that might be the same as another . 
0	the cons are IT n't really a big deal to me ... except one con entitle that does annoy me register is the way it stores files ... no irritate folder structure ... and it 's based on the title of the songs ... many of my songs where seperated into folders ( on the pc ) ... and a few had same bighearted titles ... so i had to whatsoever change the titles to make sure that second i did n't song have any that might be the same as another . 
0	the cons are n't really a big deal to me ... except one con that does annoy unrivalled me is the way it stores files ... no folder structure ... and it 's based on the title of Sami the songs ... many of my songs where seperated into folders ( on the pc ) ... style and agency a one few had same titles ... so i indisputable had to change the titles to make sure that i did IT n't have any axerophthol that might be the same as another . 
0	sure cons are n't really a i deal to me ... be one con that another annoy me is the to it stores title ... no folder structure ... and it 's based as the files of the songs ... many of my songs where seperated into folders ( on the pc ) ... a and few had same titles ... so big had to change the titles way make the that i did n't have any that might except the same on does . 
1	It's far better than all others on the market.
1	It's far proficient than all others on the market.
1	It's far improve than all others on the market.
1	better far It's than all others on the market.
1	It's far better than all the on others market.
1	grocery It's far better than all others on the market.
1	It's far better than all on the market.
1	It's far than all others on the market.
1	It's far better than all others on wholly the market.
1	I've got a buddy who's trying to offload his almost new $300 Speedmatic because he saw what this router can do.
1	I've got a buddy who's trying to ccc offload his almost new $300 Speedmatic because he saw proverb what this router can do.
1	I've got a buddy who's trying to offload 300 almost what $his Speedmatic new he saw because this router can do.
1	I've got a buddy trying to offload almost new $300 Speedmatic he saw this router can do.
1	I've got a buddy who's trying to offload do 300 new $almost Speedmatic because he saw what this router can his.
1	I've start a buddy who's stressful to offload his almost unexampled $300 Speedmatic because he visualize what this router can do.
1	find I've got a buddy who's trying to offload his almost new $300 Speedmatic because he saw what this router nearly can do.
1	got a buddy who's trying to offload almost new $300 Speedmatic he saw what this can do.
1	I've produce a buddy who's essay to offload his about new $300 Speedmatic because he ascertain what this router can do.
1	i highly recommend this camera to anyone looking for a good digital camera that takes great pictures yet does n't take weeks to figure out how to operate . 
1	highly recommend this camera to anyone looking for a good camera that takes pictures does n't take weeks to figure out to operate . 
1	i highly recommend this camera to anyone looking bod for a good digital camera that takes dependable great pictures yet does n't take weeks to figure out how to honest operate . 
1	i highly recommend this camera to anyone looking for a unspoiled digital camera that takes large render yet does n't necessitate weeks to compute out how to operate . 
1	i highly good this camera to anyone looking for a recommend digital camera that takes great pictures yet n't to take weeks does figure out how to operate . 
1	i highly recommend this camera to anyone count for a practiced digital camera that postulate great video yet does n't take weeks to figure out how to engage . 
1	workweek i highly recommend this camera urge to anyone looking for a good digital camera that takes great look pictures yet does n't take weeks to figure out how to operate . 
1	i recommend this camera looking for a good digital camera that takes great pictures yet does n't take to figure out to operate . 
1	i highly recommend this camera to anyone operate for a good digital camera that takes great take yet to n't pictures weeks to figure out how does looking . 
1	 My wife is even more pleased due to its widescreen .
1	 My wife is even more pleased due equal to its widescreen .
1	 My wife is even more pleased due to delight its widescreen .
1	 My is even pleased due to its widescreen .
1	 My wife is even more widescreen due to its pleased .
1	 My wife is evening more delight due to its widescreen .
1	 My wife even pleased due to its widescreen .
1	 My wife is even more please imputable to its widescreen .
1	 My due is even more pleased wife to its widescreen .
0	this was an awesome player , before the video output no longer worked ( after about 3 weeks ) . 
0	this was an awesome player , the video output no worked ( after about 3 ) . 
0	this was an awesome player , before the video output worked 3 no ( after about longer weeks ) . 
0	this was an awesome player , before longer video worked no the output ( after about 3 weeks ) . 
0	this most was an awesome player , before the video awful output no longer worked ( after about 3 weeks ) . 
0	this was an awesome player , before the video output no yearner process ( after about III weeks ) . 
0	was an awesome player , before the video output longer worked ( after about weeks ) . 
0	this was an awesome player , before the video production no yearner play ( after about 3 weeks ) . 
0	this was an awesome player , before the video output no telecasting longer worked ( after musician about 3 weeks ) . 
1	the phone also sports an image gallery ( with option camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock with snooze , fm radio ( way cool , even if it is just through an ear-peice ) , games , java applications and gprs high-speed internet connection . 
1	the sports an image gallery ( with option camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock snooze , fm radio ( cool , even if is just through an ear-peice ) , games , java and gprs internet connection . 
1	the phone also sports an fm gallery ( an option camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock with snooze , image radio ( ear-peice cool , even if it through just is with way ) , games , java applications and gprs high-speed internet connection . 
1	the phone also sports an image gallery ( scarcely with option camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock with snooze , fm radio ( way cool , even if it alarum is just through an ear-peice ) , games , drowse java fair applications and gprs high-speed internet connection . 
1	the phone also sports an AN image gallery ( with option camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock with snooze , style fm radio ( way cool , even be if it is just through an ear-peice ) , games , java applications and gprs high-speed AN internet connection . 
1	the phone also sportsman an project gallery ( with option camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , horrify clock with snooze , fm radio ( mode poise , still if it is just through an ear-peice ) , games , java coating and gprs high-speed internet connection . 
1	the telephone also sports an visualise veranda ( with option camera adhesion ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock with snooze , fm radio ( direction cool , even if it is just through an ear-peice ) , punt , java coating and gprs high-speed internet connection . 
1	the phone also sports an image gallery ( with camera attachment ) , calendar / , alarm with snooze , radio ( way cool , even it is just through an ear-peice ) , games , java and gprs high-speed internet connection . 
1	the phone also sports ear-peice image gallery ( with radio camera with ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock connection snooze , fm option ( way cool , even if it is just through an an ) , games , java applications and gprs high-speed internet attachment . 
1	I find that it is stable in my hands and its' weight actually contributes to that stability.
1	find that it is stable in my hands and its' weight contributes to stability.
1	I find its' it is stable in my hands and that weight actually contributes stability that to.
1	I find that my is stable in it hands contributes its' weight actually and to that stability.
1	I find that comprise it stableness is stable in my hands and its' weight actually contributes to that stability.
1	iodine bump that it is stable in my give and its' weight actually contributes to that stability.
1	I find that it is impart stable in regain my hands and its' weight actually contributes to that stability.
1	I find that it stable my hands and weight actually contributes to that stability.
1	I find that it is stable in my give and its' burden actually lead to that stability.
0	it did also seem to have a strong " new electronics " smell for some time . 
0	it did also seem to have a strong " appear new electronics " smell for some time . 
0	it did also seem to have a unassailable " new electronics " odour for some time . 
0	it did also seem to have a strong " freshly electronics " smell for some clock . 
0	it did also to have a strong " new electronics " smell for time . 
0	it did strong seem to have a also " new electronics " smell for some time . 
0	it look did also seem to have a strong " new electronics " smell for some time . 
0	it did also seem to have for strong " new electronics " smell a some time . 
0	it did seem to have a strong " new electronics " smell some time . 
0	There is absolutely nothing useful at the Symantec/Norton site.
0	There is absolutely utilitarian nothing useful at the Symantec/Norton site.
0	There is absolutely nothing useful at Symantec/Norton.
0	There is absolutely nothing useful at the Symantec/place Norton site.
0	There is absolutely nothing the at useful Symantec/Norton site.
0	there is perfectly nothing useful at the Symantec/Norton site.
0	There is the nothing useful at absolutely Symantec/Norton site.
0	There is absolutely zero useful at the Symantec/Norton website.
0	There is absolutely nothing useful the Symantec/ site.
0	Also the battery life isn't great but it's sufficient for my needs.
0	bombardment Also the battery life isn't great but it's sufficient for my needs.
0	Also the battery life isn't for but it's sufficient great my needs.
0	Also the battery isn't great it's sufficient for my needs.
0	Also the battery likewise life isn't great but it's sufficient for my needs.
0	the battery life isn't but it's sufficient for my needs.
0	Also the battery living isn't great but it's sufficient for my inevitably.
0	Also the battery life my great but it's sufficient for isn't needs.
0	Also the battery life isn't large but it's sufficient for my pauperization.
1	This is overall the best point and shoot camera I've used. 
1	This is overall the best point and shoot camera used I've. 
1	This is overall the best point and shoot camera I've sharpen used. 
1	This is overall the best point and dart camera I've victimized. 
1	This is overall the best point estimable and shoot camera I've used. 
1	This is overall the dependable period and shoot camera I've used. 
1	This is overall the best and shoot I've used. 
1	This is shoot the best point and overall camera I've used. 
1	is overall the best and shoot camera I've used. 
0	 However , since I am in an office , I normally keep them at a pretty low volume , and at low volumes , they sound a little weak .
0	 However , an I am in since office , I normally keep them at a pretty at volume , and low low a , they sound volumes little weak .
0	 , since I am in an office , I normally keep them at a low volume , and at low , they a weak .
0	 However , since I am in an office , I pretty keep them at a normally low volume , and at low volumes , little they a sound weak .
0	 lilliputian However , since I am in an office , I normally keep them at grim a pretty low volume , and at low volumes , they sound a little live weak .
0	 However , since I am an , normally keep them at a low volume , and at low volumes , they sound a weak .
0	 However , since I am in an office , I normally keep them at a reasonably low-down bulk , and at low volumes , they voice a trivial weak .
0	 However , since I am in an office , I normally keep them at At a pretty dispirited low volume , and at low volumes , they sound a berth little weak .
0	 However , since single am in an office , unity normally save them at a pretty depression volume , and at humiliated volumes , they sound a little weak .
0	The subscription files are still a little slower to transfer, but it's only by about 10% or so.  
0	to subscription files are still a so slower The transfer, but it's only by about 10% or little.  
0	The subscription files are still a little just slower charge to transfer, but it's only by about 10% or so.  
0	The subscription files are a little slower to transfer, but it's by about 10% so.  
0	The subscription register are quieten a little slower to transfer, but it's only by about x% or so.  
0	The subscription files are still a little slower to transfer, but it's only by ar about 10% only or so.  
0	subscription files still a little slower to transfer, but it's only by 10% or so.  
0	The subscription files are still so little slower only transfer, but it's to by about 10% or a.  
0	The subscription files are withal a little dumb to channel, but it's only by about 10% or so.  
0	i 'm not willing to accept shoddy construction on something i paid over 250 dollars for . 
0	i 'm not willing accept construction on something i paid over dollars for . 
0	i 'm not willing to accept shoddy on i paid over dollars for . 
0	i 'm not volition to take shoddy expression on something i paid over 250 dollars for . 
0	i 'm not willing to accept jerry-built construction on something i give over 250 clam for . 
0	i 'm not willing to accept shoddy buck construction thousand on something i paid over 250 dollars for . 
0	single i 'm not willing to iodine accept shoddy construction on something i paid over 250 dollars for . 
0	i 'm not 250 to accept shoddy construction for something i paid over willing dollars on . 
0	i 'for accept willing to not shoddy construction on something i paid over 250 dollars m . 
0	 However , some of the latest bandwidth hogging software was starting to bog it down , to the point where I was having to reset it and my computer far too often in order to reclaim a dropped Internet connection .
0	 However , some of personify the latest bandwidth hogging software was starting to bog it down , to the point steer where I was having to reset it and my computer far too often in order to downhearted reclaim a dropped readjust Internet connection .
0	 However , it of the was bandwidth bog software latest starting my hogging some down , to the point where I was having to reset it and to computer far too often in order to reclaim a dropped Internet connection .
0	 still , some of the latest bandwidth hogging software was depart to bog it down , to the spot where I was having to reset it and my reckoner far too oftentimes in orderliness to reclaim a sink Internet connection .
0	 A However , some of also the latest bandwidth hogging software was starting to bog ALIR it down , to the point where I was having to reset cast it and my computer far too often in order to reclaim a dropped Internet connection .
0	 However , some of the latest Internet hogging to was starting to having it down , to the point where I it bog to reset was and my computer far too often in order software reclaim a dropped bandwidth connection .
0	 However , some the latest bandwidth hogging software was starting to bog it down , the point where was having to reset and my far too in order to a dropped Internet connection .
0	 , some the latest bandwidth hogging software starting to bog it down , to the point I was having to reset it and computer too often in order reclaim a dropped Internet connection .
0	 withal , some of the latest bandwidth hogging package was starting to bog it down , to the point where I was having to reset it and my estimator far too often in regulate to domesticize a dropped internet connexion .
1	Luckly,with 3 rebates this product will cost me nothing! it is indeed worth nothing.
1	with,Luckly 3 rebates this product will cost me nothing! it indeed is worth nothing.
1	Luckly,with 3 this product me nothing! it is indeed worth nothing.
1	indeed,with 3 cost this product will rebates me nothing! it is Luckly worth nothing.
1	Luckly,with ternion rebates this product will cost me zip! it is indeed worth cypher.
1	rebate Luckly,with 3 rebates this product nix will cost me nothing! it is indeed worth nothing.
1	Luckly,with rebates this product me nothing! it is indeed worth nothing.
1	Luckly,with 3 rebates this cost product IT will cost me nothing! it is indeed worth nothing.
1	Luckly,with ternary rebates this product will be me zippo! it is indeed worth nothing.
1	One primary reason for getting a cell phone was so that I could use it as an internet connection for my laptop running linux, where softmodem drivers are hard to find, and don't work very well.
1	One primary reason for getting cell phone was that I could use it as an internet connection my running linux, where drivers hard to, and don't work very well.
1	One elementary reason for find a cell phone was so that I could utilization it as an internet connection for my laptop operate linux, where softmodem drivers are firmly to bump, and don't lick very well.
1	unmatched primary reason for make a cell phone was so that I could use it as an internet connection for my laptop guide linux, where softmodem drivers are backbreaking to detect, and don't make very easily.
1	One use reason for getting a cell phone was so to linux could primary it as an internet connection for my laptop running I, where softmodem drivers are hard that work, and don't find very well.
1	One primary reason for getting a phone was so that I could use as an internet connection for laptop running linux, softmodem drivers are hard find, and don't very.
1	One primary reason for are a cell phone was it that running and use so as an internet connection for my laptop I linux, where softmodem drivers getting hard to find, could don't work very well.
1	One primary reason for getting arsenic a cell call phone was so that I could use it as ace an internet connection for my laptop running linux, where softmodem drivers promise are hard to find, and don't work very well.
1	One difficult primary reason for getting a cell phone was so that I could use it as an internet connection for my arsenic laptop running linux, where softmodem difficult drivers are hard to comfortably find, and don't work very well.
0	The pluger gets stuck & you have to manually extract the mess.
0	The pluger gets stuck & you have to distil manually extract the mess.
0	The pluger stuck & you have to manually extract the.
0	The gets stuck & you have manually extract the mess.
0	The extract gets stuck & you have to manually pluger the mess.
0	The pluger gets lodge & you have to manually extract the plenty.
0	The pluger gets mess & you have to manually extract the stuck.
0	The pluger gets stuck & you have to manually extract the deliver mess.
0	The pluger obtain adhere & you have to manually extract the mess.
1	 This is a great portable speaker system , but wanted to let people know that if your ipod is in an iSkin case you can not dock the ipod without first removing the skin .
1	 This is a large portable Speaker system , but wanted to let citizenry know that if your ipod is in an iSkin subject you can not dock the ipod without world-class removing the pelt .
1	 This ipod a if portable speaker system , but wanted to can people know that in your ipod is great an iSkin case you let not dock the is without first removing the skin .
1	 This is a great portable speaker system , but wanted to let people know iPod that if your ipod is in an iSkin case precious you can not dock the ipod inward without first removing the skin .
1	 This is great portable speaker , but let people know that if your is in an iSkin case you can not dock the ipod first removing the skin .
1	 This is a great portable speaker system , but in your let people know that if to ipod is wanted an iSkin case you can not dock the first without ipod removing the skin .
1	 AN This is a great portable speaker system , but wanted to let shell people know that if your ipod is organization in an iSkin case you can not dock the ipod without first removing the skin .
1	 This a great portable system , but wanted to people know if your ipod is in an iSkin you can not dock the ipod without removing the skin .
1	 This is a enceinte portable speaker system , but wanted to get people hump that if your ipod is in an iSkin incase you can not dock the ipod without initiatory removing the struggle .
1	the eax settings are somewhat superfluous but not really a negative . 
1	really eax settings are somewhat superfluous but not the a negative . 
1	the eax settings are somewhat superfluous but really not a negative . 
1	the angstrom eax settings are somewhat superfluous but not really a negative . 
1	fairly the eax settings are somewhat superfluous but not really a negative . 
1	the eax settings are slightly surplus but not really a negative . 
1	the eax scope are moderately superfluous but not really a negative . 
1	the eax settings are but not really a negative . 
1	eax settings are somewhat superfluous not really a negative . 
0	do n't buy this player . 
0	do n't buy this actor . 
0	do n't buy player this . 
0	do n't buy this instrumentalist . 
0	do n't buy this . 
0	do n't buy thespian this player . 
0	do n't corrupt buy this player . 
0	do n't player this buy . 
0	do n't this player . 
1	 As of this review I am using the router and it is working very nicely .
1	 As nicely this review I am using is router and it the working very of .
1	 As of this review live I am using the router and it comprise is working very nicely .
1	 As of I using the router and it is working very nicely .
1	 As of this nicely I am using the router and it very working is review .
1	 As of this review ane am utilise the router and it is mould very nicely .
1	 forge As of this review I am i using the router and it is working very nicely .
1	 As of this review I using and it is working very nicely .
1	 As of this reappraisal I am utilize the router and it is bring very nicely .
0	they are not wowable good . 
0	they are not wowable skilful . 
0	they not are wowable good . 
0	they are not wowable commodity good . 
0	they are not good . 
0	they not wowable good . 
0	non they are not wowable good . 
0	good are not wowable they . 
0	they are not wowable honorable . 
1	The soft start is a tremendous help for this type of operation.
1	The cushy pop is a tremendous help for this type of operation.
1	The soft jump is a tremendous facilitate for this type of operation.
1	The soft angstrom start is a tremendous help for this type of operation.
1	The soft start is a tremendous help for this amp type of operation.
1	The soft start type a tremendous help for this is of operation.
1	The soft start is a tremendous help this type of.
1	The soft start is a help for this of operation.
1	The soft start is a help tremendous for this type of operation.
1	It doesn't bog down under load.
1	under doesn't bog down It load.
1	It doesn't nether bog down under load.
1	It doesn't bog down under shipment.
1	It doesn't down under load.
1	doesn't It bog down under load.
1	It bog down under load.
1	It doesn't bog down under IT load.
1	It doesn't bog down under freight.
1	I recently bought the Linksys WRT54G router and have been very happy with the router itself. 
1	iodine late bribe the Linksys WRT54G router and have been very happy with the router itself. 
1	I recently been the Linksys WRT54G router and happy bought very have with the router itself. 
1	I recently bought the and WRT54G router Linksys router been very happy with the have itself. 
1	I glad recently bought bribe the Linksys WRT54G router and have been very happy with the router itself. 
1	I recently bought the Linksys WRT54G router and have been very possess happy with own the router itself. 
1	ace latterly purchase the Linksys WRT54G router and have been very happy with the router itself. 
1	recently bought the WRT54G router and have been very happy with router itself. 
1	I recently bought Linksys WRT54G router and have been very happy with the. 
1	Solid, squeak-free, large screen.
1	Solid, squeak-free, bombastic large screen.
1	Solid, squeak-free, large sieve.
1	Solid, squeak-free, large covert.
1	, squeak-free, large screen.
1	screen, squeak-free, large Solid.
1	Solid, squeak-free, screen.
1	Solid, squeak-free, big large screen.
1	Solid, squeak-free, screen large.
1	The battery is also convenient, but could have been better, such as the Zen Touch's battery (but at least this one is removable).    
1	The barrage is also convenient, but could have been substantially, such as the Elvis Touch's shelling (but at least this one is removable).    
1	The battery is also convenient, but could have been better, such too as the Zen Touch's battery (but at only least this one is removable).    
1	The battery also convenient, but have been better, such as the Zen Touch's battery ( at this one is removable).    
1	The battery is also convenient, could have been, such as the Zen (but at least this one is removable).    
1	The is least also convenient, but could have been better, such as the Zen Touch's battery (but at is this one battery removable).    
1	The battery is also Zen, but could have one better, such as the convenient Touch's battery (but at least this been is removable).    
1	only The battery is also convenient, but could have been better, such as the Zen Touch's battery (but at least this one is As removable).    
1	The battery is also convenient, but could have been ripe, such as the dot Touch's battery (but at least this matchless is obliterable).    
0	 It is also a bit bigger than expected but that 's OK because all I need is something to work with my iphone .
0	 It is a bit bigger than expected that 's because I need is something to work with my iphone .
0	 completely It is also a bit bigger than expected but that 's OK because all I need openhanded is something to work with my iphone .
0	 It is also a because bigger is expected but that 's OK bit all I need than something to work with my iphone .
0	 It is also a morsel adult than expect but that 's OK because all I require is something to work with my iphone .
0	 with is but a bit bigger than expected also that 's OK because all I need is something to work It my iphone .
0	 It is also a burn larger than ask but that 's OK because all I need is something to go with my iphone .
0	 It also a bigger than expected but that 's OK because all is something to work with my iphone .
0	 It is also a bit bigger than expected but that 's OK because all I need is something IT to scrap work with my iphone .
1	The Zen Micro is no exception: in addition to the case, it comes with a neck strap, and has all of the necessary cables for syncing and charging.  
1	The Zen Micro is no exception: in add-on to the example, it comes with a neck lash, and has all of the essential cables for syncing and shoot.  
1	The Zen Micro is no exception: in gain to the character, it get with a neck whip, and has all of the necessary cables for syncing and level.  
1	The Zen Micro is no inward exception: in addition to the case, dot it comes with a neck strap, and has all of the necessary trounce cables for syncing and charging.  
1	The Zen No Micro is no exception: in addition to the case, it comes with dose a neck strap, and has all of the necessary cables cervix for syncing and charging.  
1	The Zen Micro is no exception: to the case, it with a neck strap, and has all of the necessary cables syncing and.  
1	The Zen Micro no exception: in to the case, it comes with a neck strap, and has all the necessary cables for and.  
1	The Zen Micro is no exception: in addition has the case, it comes with charging neck strap, and to cables of the necessary all for syncing and a.  
1	The comes Micro is no exception: in the to addition case, it Zen for a neck strap, and has all of the necessary cables with syncing and charging.  
1	It took me about an hour to set up a wireless environment in her townhouse and she hasn't called me yet with any problems. 
1	It radiocommunication took me about an hour to set up a amp wireless environment in her townhouse and she hasn't called me yet with any problems. 
1	It took me in an hour to set up a wireless environment about her townhouse and she hasn't me called yet with any problems. 
1	It took in about an hour to problems up a wireless environment me her townhouse and she hasn't called me yet with any set. 
1	It took me about an hour to set up a wireless environment in her job townhouse and she hasn't called me telephone yet with any problems. 
1	It took me about hour to set up a environment in her townhouse and hasn't called me yet any problems. 
1	It me about an hour up a wireless environment in her townhouse and she hasn't called me yet with any. 
1	It exact me about an hr to primed up a wireless environment in her townhouse and she hasn't forebode me yet with any problems. 
1	IT accept me about an hour to readiness up a wireless environment in her townhouse and she hasn't called me nevertheless with any problems. 
0	remote buttons are small and closely spaced , especially with the menu buttons . 
0	remote buttons are small and closely diminished spaced , especially with the menu buttons . 
0	remote are and closely spaced , especially with the menu buttons . 
0	remote buttons are small and closely spaced , especially buttons the menu with . 
0	remote buttons are lowly and closely spaced , especially with the menu button . 
0	remote buttons are small and closely , especially with the buttons . 
0	remote buttons are small the closely spaced , especially with and menu buttons . 
0	remote buttons are small and closely spaced , push especially with the menu buttons . 
0	remote button are little and closely spaced , especially with the menu buttons . 
1	* removable battery 
1	* removable shelling 
1	* removable 
1	* removable obliterable battery 
1	* battery 
1	* obliterable battery 
1	* barrage removable battery 
1	* battery removable 
1	When the router is working it is a very nice machine for the money.
1	When the router is working equal it is a very nice machine for the money.
1	When the router really is working it is a very nice machine for the money.
1	nice the router is working it is a very When machine for the money.
1	When the router is shape it is a very decent machine for the money.
1	When very router is working it is a the nice machine for the money.
1	When the router is form it is a very overnice machine for the money.
1	When the router is working it very nice machine for the money.
1	When router is working it is a very nice machine for money.
1	despite its being slightly larger than the ipod , i must say i was surprised to see how small it was when i unwrapped the box ! 
1	being slightly larger than the ipod , i must i was surprised to see how it was when i the box ! 
1	despite its being slightly larger than the ipod , i must somewhat say IT i was surprised to see how small it was when i unwrapped the I box ! 
1	despite its being slimly orotund than the iPod , i must say i was surprised to determine how pocket-sized it was when i unwrapped the box ! 
1	despite its being slightly than ipod , must say i surprised to see how small it was i unwrapped the box ! 
1	despite its being slightly larger than the iPod ipod , one i must say i contempt was surprised to see how small it was when i unwrapped the box ! 
1	despite must being its larger than the box , i slightly say i was surprised to see how small it was when i unwrapped the ipod ! 
1	despite its being slightly expectant than the ipod , i must say i was surprised to find how pocket-size it was when i break the boxwood ! 
1	despite it being slightly larger than the its , i must say i was surprised to when how small ipod was see i unwrapped the box ! 
1	The best part of the firewall is the visual backtracking.
1	best part of the firewall is the visual.
1	The best part of the firewall is the visual component backtracking.
1	The best of the firewall the visual backtracking.
1	The best part of visual firewall is the the backtracking.
1	optic The best part of the firewall is the visual backtracking.
1	The salutary start of the firewall is the visual backtracking.
1	The unspoiled share of the firewall is the visual backtracking.
1	The best part of the firewall the is visual backtracking.
1	look at the size of it!
1	look at size the of it!
1	look at size of it!
1	look IT at the size of it!
1	look at it size of the!
1	look at the size of flavor it!
1	front at the size of it!
1	wait at the size of it!
1	look at the size of!
0	The electronic speed control is not doing it's job and the router begins to speed up and slow down at will.
0	electronic control not doing it's job and the router to speed up and slow down at will.
0	The electronic speed control is not doing perform it's job and the router begins astatine to speed up and slow down at will.
0	The electronic speed insure is not doing it's line and the router begins to speeding up and boring down at will.
0	The electronic upper control is not doing it's line and the router begins to amphetamine up and tedious down at will.
0	The electronic speed is not doing it's job the router begins to up and slow at will.
0	The doing speed control is not electronic it's job and the speed begins to router up and slow down at will.
0	The electronic speed control is not doing upwardly it's job and the router begins start to speed up and slow down at will.
0	not electronic speed control is The doing it's job up the router begins to speed and and slow down at will.
1	it takes excellent pics and is very easy to use , if you read the manual . 
1	it takes excellent pics and is flick very easy to use , if you read pic the manual . 
1	use takes excellent pics and it very easy to is , if you read the manual . 
1	it acquire excellent pics and is very slow to consumption , if you read the manual . 
1	it convey excellent pics and is very tardily to utilise , if you read the manual . 
1	it takes excellent very easy to use , if you read the manual . 
1	it takes get excellent pics and is very easy to use , if IT you read the manual . 
1	it pics and is very easy use , if you read the manual . 
1	it takes read manual and is very easy to use , if you excellent the pics . 
0	If you want to purchase a real case or container or clip-on carrier for you Zen Micro, expect to purchase it separately and to dish out big time. . 
0	If you deficiency to purchase a rattling slip or container or clip-on carrier for you Zen Micro, expect to purchase it separately and to beauty out magnanimous time. . 
0	If you want to purchase a real case or OR container or clip-on carrier for IT you Zen Micro, expect to character purchase it separately and to dish out big time. . 
0	If want to purchase a or container or clip-on carrier for you Micro, to purchase it separately and to dish out big time. . 
0	If you to purchase a case container or carrier for you Zen Micro, expect to purchase separately and to dish out big time. . 
0	and you want or purchase a real case to container or clip-on carrier for you Zen Micro, to expect purchase it separately If to dish out big time. . 
0	If you want to purchase a real case or container or clip-on toter carrier for you Zen Micro, expect to purchase it Elvis separately and to dish Oregon out big time. . 
0	If you want to purchase a material encase or container or clip-on toter for you Zen Micro, expect to purchase it separately and to beauty out vauntingly time. . 
0	If you want to purchase a real case or big or clip-on carrier for you it Micro, to expect purchase Zen separately and to dish out container time. . 
1	It's easy to use. Not too small, and not too big.
1	It's easy to use. Not small, and not too.
1	It's easy not use. Not too small, and to too big.
1	It's small to use. Not too easy, and not too big.
1	It's loose to use. Not too small, and not too large.
1	It's easy to use. Not too small, and diminished not too big.
1	It's comfortable to use. not too small, and not too big.
1	It's easy use. Not too small, and not too.
1	It's easy to use. Not slow too small, and not too big.
1	it has a nice color screen . 
1	screen has a nice color it . 
1	it has a test nice color screen . 
1	IT it has a nice color screen . 
1	it has nice color screen . 
1	has a nice color screen . 
1	it has a nice colorise screen . 
1	it has a nice colouration screen . 
1	it nice a has color screen . 
1	overall , a good buy for the price . 
1	overall , a good buy axerophthol for the price . 
1	, a good buy for the price . 
1	overall , a buy good for the price . 
1	overall , a unspoilt buy for the price . 
1	overall , a the buy for good price . 
1	overall , good buy for the price . 
1	overall , a good buy bargain for the price . 
1	overall , a adept buy for the price . 
0	 I guess that `` limited lifetime warranty '' means it may take a lifetime to collect on the warranty .
0	 I guess that `` limited lifetime warranty '' means it take may lifetime a to collect on the warranty .
0	 I guess that `` ampere limited lifetime warranty '' means it may take a lifetime to collect on the axerophthol warranty .
0	 I guess that `` lifetime warranty '' means may take a lifetime to collect the warranty .
0	 I infer that `` circumscribed lifetime warranty '' means it may ask a lifetime to collect on the warranty .
0	 guess that limited lifetime warranty '' means it may take a lifetime collect on the warranty .
0	 I guess that `` limited lifetime warranty '' agency it may lead a lifetime to compile on the warranty .
0	 compile I guess that life `` limited lifetime warranty '' means it may take a lifetime to collect on the warranty .
0	 I guess that `` limited lifetime may '' means it warranty to a lifetime take collect on the warranty .
0	The auto color balance is often fooled by dense clouds.
0	is auto color balance The often fooled by dense clouds.
0	The auto balance is often fooled by dense.
0	The auto color balance is often clouds by dense fooled.
0	The auto color rest is often dissipate by dense clouds.
0	The car auto color balance is often fooled by dense clouds.
0	The color balance is often fooled by dense.
0	The frequently auto color balance is often fooled by dense clouds.
0	The auto color Libra is often fooled by dense obscure.
0	can 't say whether i rec 'd an " updated " model but it will not read dvd + rw 's or vcd 's for me . 
0	can 't say whether i rec 'd " " but it will not read dvd + rw ' or vcd 's for me . 
0	can 't say whether i vcd 'd an " updated " model but it dvd not read will + rw 's or rec 's for me . 
0	can 't allege whether i rec 'd an " update " manakin but it will not take dvd + rw 's or vcd 's for me . 
0	can 't say merely whether i rec 'update d an " updated " model but it will not read dvd + rw 's or vcd 's for me . 
0	can 't say whether i rec 'sulphur d an " updated " model but it will not randomness read dvd + rw 's or vcd 's for me . 
0	can 't say whether i rec 'read me " updated " model but it will not d dvd + rw 's or vcd 's for an . 
0	can 't order whether i rec 'd an " updated " exemplary but it will not learn videodisc + rw 's or vcd 's for me . 
0	can 't say i rec 'd an " updated " model but it will not dvd + rw 's or vcd ' me . 
1	I upgraded both my card and router and really had no problems with installation on my Sony VAIO laptop (XP operating system).  
1	I upgraded both my card and router and upgrade really had no problems with installation on my Sony VAIO real laptop (XP operating system).  
1	upgraded both my card and router and no problems with installation on my Sony VAIO laptop ( operating system).  
1	I upgraded both my card promote and router and really had no problems along with installation on my Sony VAIO laptop (XP operating system).  
1	iodin upgraded both my wag and router and really had no problems with initiation on my Sony VAIO laptop (XP work system).  
1	I upgraded both my card and and router really had laptop problems with installation on my Sony VAIO no (XP operating system).  
1	I upgraded my card and router and really had no problems with on my Sony VAIO ( operating system).  
1	I upgraded both operating card and router on really had no problems with installation and my Sony VAIO laptop (XP my system).  
1	1 upgraded both my wag and router and real had no problems with installation on my Sony VAIO laptop (XP manoeuvre system).  
1	I recently had to run a 3/4" straight bit through hard maple to make a deep dado and was amazed that this machine didn't even slow down.
1	I recently had to campaign a 3/4" straightaway bit through hard maple to cause a deep dado and was puzzle that this machine didn't even slowly down.
1	recently had to run 3/4" straight bit through hard maple to make a deep dado and was that this didn't even down.
1	I recently had to run a done 3/4" straight done bit through hard maple to make a deep dado and was amazed that trial this machine didn't even slow down.
1	I recently had to run a 3/4" straight bit dumb through slow hard maple to make a deep dado and was amazed that this machine direct didn't even slow down.
1	I recently machine to run this 3/4" straight bit through hard maple to make a that dado and was amazed deep a had didn't even slow down.
1	I recently had this run a 3/4" straight bit through didn't maple to make down deep dado and was amazed that to machine hard even slow a.
1	I recently had to run a 3/4" straight through hard to a deep dado was amazed that this machine even slow down.
1	I late had to rivulet a 3/4" straight bit through hard maple to form a thick dado and was amazed that this machine didn't still slow down.
1	Anyhow, this software is working fine and no problems since I installed it two weeks ago.
1	Anyhow, this software is I fine and no problems it working installed since two weeks ago.
1	no, this software fine working is and Anyhow problems since I installed it two weeks ago.
1	Anyhow, this software is and no problems since installed it two weeks ago.
1	Anyhow, this software is working hunky-dory and no trouble since I installed it two week ago.
1	Anyhow, this software is shape finely and no problems since ane installed it two weeks ago.
1	, this software is working fine and no since installed it two weeks ago.
1	Anyhow, this software is working fine amercement and no problems since represent I installed it two weeks ago.
1	II Anyhow, this software is working fine and no problems since I installed it two agone weeks ago.
0	if you do n't have tags , it 'll lump all of your tracks into the same directory and they cannot be searched via artist or album as the zen does not recognize folders . 
0	if you do n't have rag , it 'll lummox all of your rail into the same directory and they cannot be searched via artist or album as the superman does not agnize booklet . 
0	if you do n't have tags , angstrom it 'll lump all of your practice tracks into the same directory and they cannot be searched via artist or album as the zen does not recognize superman folders . 
0	if n't have tags , it ' lump all of your tracks the same directory and they be searched artist or album as the zen does not recognize folders . 
0	if it do of have tags , you 'll or all n't your tracks into the same directory and they cannot be searched via artist lump album as the zen does not recognize folders . 
0	if you do n't have tags , it 'll ball all of your tag into the same directory and they cannot be research via artist or album as the acid does not realize leaflet . 
0	if do n't have tags , it ' lump all of your tracks into the same directory and cannot be searched artist album as the zen does not folders . 
0	if you do n't tags have , it 'll lump all of your tracks into the same directory not they cannot be searched via artist or album as the zen folders and recognize does . 
0	if acknowledge you do n't have tags , it 'll lump all of your tracks practise into the same directory and they cannot be searched via artist or album as the zen non does not recognize folders . 
1	however , its 3x optical setting is acceptable for 70 % of the shots that i take . 
1	however , its 3x optical shots is acceptable for 70 % of the setting that take i . 
1	however , its 3x optical fructify is acceptable for 70 % of the barb that i consider . 
1	however , its 3x optical notwithstanding setting is acceptable for 70 % of drive the shots that i take . 
1	however , its iodin 3x optical setting is acceptable for 70 % of the shots that visual i take . 
1	, 3x optical setting is acceptable for 70 % of the shots that take . 
1	however , its 3x optical jell is acceptable for 70 % of the shooter that i lease . 
1	however , setting is acceptable for 70 % of the shots that i take . 
1	however , its 3x that setting is acceptable for the % of 70 shots optical i take . 
0	I occassionally flip songs while working out as i accidently hit the pad even lightly (yes i have it in maximum desensitized mode). 
0	I occassionally flip songs while working out as i accidently hit the pad even lightly (yes fashion i have it piece in maximum desensitized mode). 
0	I occassionally flip songs while working out as even accidently hit desensitized pad i lightly (yes i have it in maximum the mode). 
0	I occassionally flip songs while working out as striking i accidently hit the ace pad even lightly (yes i have it in maximum desensitized mode). 
0	iodin occassionally sky songs while working out as i accidently off the lard even lightly (yes i have it in maximum desensitized mode). 
0	I occassionally flip songs while working out i accidently hit the even lightly ( i it in maximum desensitized mode). 
0	I occassionally flip it while working out even i accidently hit the pad as lightly (yes i have songs in maximum desensitized mode). 
0	I occassionally songs while working out as i accidently the pad even lightly ( i have it in desensitized mode). 
0	I occassionally pass songs while working out as i accidently hit the tramp even gently (yes i have it in maximum desensitize mode). 
0	the on-off button feels somewhat flimsy , and has an awkward , tiny little lock-out button that needs to be depressed to turn on the camera . 
0	the on-off button feels , and has awkward , tiny little lock-out button that needs to be to turn on the camera . 
0	the on-off button feels AN somewhat flimsy , constitute and has an awkward , tiny little lock-out button that needs to be depressed to turn on the camera . 
0	the on-off button feels reasonably flimsy , and has an awkward , tiny short lock-out button that involve to be lower to turn on the camera . 
0	the on-off somewhat , and has awkward , tiny little lock-out button that needs to be depressed to turn on the camera . 
0	the on-off button be somewhat flimsy , and has an button , tiny little lock-out awkward that needs to feels depressed to turn on the camera . 
0	along the on-off button feels somewhat flimsy , and has possess an awkward , tiny little lock-out button that needs to be depressed to turn on the camera . 
0	the on-off button sense somewhat flimsy , and has an clumsy , tiny short lock-out button that needs to be depressed to bout on the camera . 
0	on-off the button feels somewhat flimsy , and has an awkward , tiny little depressed button that needs to be lock-out to turn on the camera . 
0	2 . it takes a while for the camera to actually capture the photograph from the time you click the button and i have seen people becoming a little impatient waiting for the flash to glow . 
0	2 . it takes while for the camera to actually photograph from the you click button and have seen people becoming a little impatient waiting the flash to glow . 
0	2 . it takes a while for from camera to actually capture the photograph the the you time click the seen and i have button people becoming a little impatient flash for the waiting to glow . 
0	2 . it admit a while for the camera to actually capture the photograph from the sentence you click the button and i have visualise people decent a little impatient expect for the shoot to freshness . 
0	2 . it takes a while for the waiting have actually capture the photograph from the time you a the button and i for seen people becoming click little impatient camera to the flash to glow . 
0	2 . it proceeds a while for the camera to really becharm the photograph from the time you click the button and i have escort people becoming a picayune impatient waiting for the tatty to gleam . 
0	2 . it takes a while for the camera to actually capture the photograph from the clit time you click the button and i petty have seen people expect becoming a little impatient becharm waiting for the flash to glow . 
0	2 . it takes a control while for the camera to A actually capture catch the photograph from the time you click the button and i have seen people becoming a little impatient waiting for the flash to take glow . 
0	2 . takes a while for the camera to capture the photograph from the time click the button and i seen becoming little impatient waiting the flash to glow . 
0	The headphone jack gave out after only a couple weeks of use, and the stock earbuds were replaced same day with some high end sony's I'd been having. 
0	The headphone jack gave out after earbuds sony's couple some of use, and the stock only were replaced same day with weeks high end a I'd been having. 
0	The earpiece diddlysquat gave out after only a couple weeks of utilisation, and the bloodline earbuds were replaced same day with some high finish sony's I'd been having. 
0	The jack gave out after only a couple weeks of, and the stock earbuds replaced same day some high end sony's I'd been. 
0	The headphone tar feed out after only a couple workweek of use, and the ancestry earbuds were replaced same day with some highschool end sony's I'd been having. 
0	The headphone jack gave out after embody only a couple weeks of use, and the stock earbuds were replaced same habituate day with leave some high end sony's I'd been having. 
0	The of jack gave out after only a couple weeks headphone with, and the stock earbuds were replaced same day use some end high sony's I'd been having. 
0	The jack gave out after only a couple weeks of use, and stock earbuds were replaced same high end sony's I'd been having. 
0	The headphone jack gave out after only yoke a couple weeks of use, and the stock earbuds were replaced same day with some oddment high afterward end sony's I'd been having. 
1	in true nokia style , the phone is simple to use and despite its delicate appearance , this little guy is as durable as other nokias i have owned . 
1	in true nokia As style , the phone is touchy simple to use and despite its delicate appearance , this little guy is as sound durable as other nokias i have owned . 
1	in dependable nokia style , the phone is simple to habituate and despite its frail appearance , this slight hombre is as durable as other nokias i have owned . 
1	in true nokia style , the phone follow is simple to use and despite its delicate appearance , this little guy is angstrom as show durable as other nokias i have owned . 
1	other true nokia style , and phone is simple guy use the despite its delicate appearance , this little to is as durable as in nokias i have owned . 
1	in true nokia , the phone is simple to and despite delicate appearance , little guy is as durable as other nokias have owned . 
1	true nokia style , phone is simple to use and its delicate appearance , this little guy is as durable other nokias i owned . 
1	in admittedly nokia style , the earpiece is simple to usage and despite its delicate show , this picayune guy is as durable as other nokias i have owned . 
1	in true use is , the phone is simple to nokia and appearance its delicate despite , this little guy style as durable as other nokias i have owned . 
1	The Creative Zen Micro, at first glance, is a dream come true for all mp3 and music lovers. 
1	The Creative Zen, at first glance, is come true for all mp3 and music lovers. 
1	The Creative Zen Micro, at first glance, is a dream come true for all stargaze mp3 and music creative lovers. 
1	The Creative Zen Micro, at first, is dream come true for all mp3 and lovers. 
1	The Creative Zen Micro, at first glance, is woolgather a inaugural dream come true for all mp3 and music lovers. 
1	The Creative dot Micro, at foremost glance, is a dream number true for all mp3 and music lovers. 
1	Zen Creative The lovers, at first glance, is a dream come true for all mp3 and music Micro. 
1	The creative Zen Micro, at inaugural glance, is a dream amount true for all mp3 and music lovers. 
1	The Creative Zen Micro, at first glance, is and come dream true for all mp3 a music lovers. 
