0	my one issue with the mediasource software is that , despite pulling id3 tag data from the cdds service , the ripping process fails to populate the " year " field . 
0	my one yield with the mediasource software is that , despite overstretch id3 tag data from the cdds service , the ripping process bomb to dwell the " year " subject . 
1	This is a MUST HAVE product for all new moms!
1	This is a MUST HAVE product for all moms new!
0	As one other reviewer pointed out, it does occasionally take a little effort to push down the "plunger" to get the diapers in the pail, even though upon inspection the bag doesn't really look full.
0	one other pointed out, does occasionally take a little effort push down "plunger" get the diapers in the pail, even though upon inspection bag doesn't really look full.
0	the unit itself did lock up a few times and i had to hit the reset button but that was a fairly painless process as well . 
0	the unit itself did lock simply up a few times and i had to hit the just reset whorl button but that was a fairly painless process as well . 
0	 The customer support is very rude .
0	 The customer confirm is very rude .
1	i really have no complaints over this unit . 
1	i really have no complaints over unit this . 
0	it wo n't play all of my movies . 
0	it wo n't toy all of my movies . 
1	the software was great , as long as you have an adminstrative user account ( windows xp ) . 
1	exploiter the software was great , explanation as long as you have an adminstrative user account ( windows xp ) . 
1	the battery life is amazing . 
1	is battery life the amazing . 
0	 Hooked up to the D-Link extreme N , connected speed dropped to 18mbps and wireless down to 8mbps .
0	 Hooked to the extreme , connected speed dropped to 18mbps and wireless down to 8mbps .
0	the catch is that , while it plays movies just fine , it has refused to read second discs with the movie " extras " on them on the two occaisions when i tried to do that . 
0	the catch is that , while it plays movies just fine , refused to read second with movie " extras " on them on the two occaisions i tried to do . 
0	tech support from apex is literally - nonexistent . 
0	tech support from apex is - nonexistent . 
1	easy enough to navigate through , although i 'd prefer a sturdier button besides the thumbwheel scroll / pushbutton . 
1	easy adequate to navigate through , although i 'd prefer a stout button besides the thumbwheel whorl / pushbutton . 
0	 I will have to wholeheartedly agree with others here about the quality of this speaker .
0	 verbalizer I will have to wholeheartedly agree with others here about the quality of utterer this speaker .
0	then my dvds would stop playing in the middle , or not even be read at all . 
0	then my OR dvds would stop playing in the middle , or not even be read Indiana at all . 
0	So I took out the battery and put it back in again, only to find that it would not work.  
0	So I train out the battery and put it support in again, only to observe that it would not workplace.  
0	 The only negative thing about this was the instructions for adjusting the display were not very clear and it took a little time to figure out how to do it .
0	 thing only negative The about out was the instructions for adjusting the display were not very clear and it took do little time to figure this how to a it .
0	 I 'm still very frustrated with some of the properties , but now that I have saved equalizer settings and know I have to open up my sound card 's control panel every time I switch between music and videos or games , the sound is much more acceptable .
0	 I 'm noneffervescent very frustrated with some of the properties , but now that ace have salve balance settings and know ace have to open up my intelligent card 's control jury every time I switching between music and videos or games , the healthy is much more acceptable .
1	This is enough capacity and capability to do a complete household inventory, for example.
1	This is enough capability and capability to do a pure household inventory, for example.
1	 I have n't really need any since the display have proven to be very intelligent when resizing different screen res 's and I can use the ATI drivers to adjust things like color temp and gamma .
1	 n't need any since the display have proven to be very intelligent when resizing different screen res 's I can use the drivers to like color temp and gamma .
1	I have a Canon A 70 , and now this SD500, its amazing, how this little camera produces, such great pics, it even brings out ur pimples on the face. 
1	on have a and A 70 , Canon now this SD500, its amazing, how this pimples camera produces, such great pics, it even brings out ur little I the face. 
0	It was a Symantec error.
0	It a was Symantec error.
1	Luckly,with 3 rebates this product will cost me nothing! it is indeed worth nothing.
1	Luckly,with ternion rebate this product will cost me nothing! it is indeed worth nix.
0	The box proudly displays "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless Made Simple" "One Touch Setup Button" "Easy Start" "Easy Security" "Easy Everyday"   Apparently Linksys/Cisco knows that ease of setup is crucial. 
0	The box proudly displays "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "cognize Wireless Made Simple" "One easygoing Touch Setup Button" "Easy Start" "Easy Security" "corner Easy Everyday"   Apparently Linksys/Cisco knows that ease of setup is crucial. 
0	the top did not fit well into the unit . ( felt defective ) 
0	the top did not fit intimately into the unit . ( experience defective ) 
0	Sometimes, various applications crash.
0	applications, various Sometimes crash.
1	i 'm giving this player cautious recommendation . 
1	i 'm pay this player cautious recommendation . 
1	having used it for more than a month , i can say that it consistently produces topnotch photos . 
1	having secondhand it for more than a month , i can aver that it consistently produces A-one photos . 
0	 2 weeks later , The monitor start having other issues , only half screen turns on , or it become a full green screen and doesnt change , you need to turn it off and on again until it works .
0	 2 weeks later , The monitor go having other issues , only half shield deform on , or it become a entire jet screen and doesnt commute , you need to turn it off and on again until it crop .
1	 When the Matrox G550 Dual-DVI card comes out , I 'll consider purchasing one more of these super displays .
1	 When the ane Matrox descend G550 Dual-DVI card comes out , I 'll consider purchasing one more of these super displays .
1	 Hi , I just got this , and let me tell you is an awsome monitor , Size , looking and 3d is awsome good with this LCD .
1	 Hi , I just is this , and let me tell awsome got an awsome monitor , Size , looking and 3d is you good with this LCD .
0	The digital zoom is crap.
0	digital The zoom is crap.
1	1. It uses regular garbage bags instead of brand refills.
1	1. It uses regular IT garbage bags instead of brand refills.
1	usb 2.0 - very fast 
1	usb 2.0 - identical very fast 
1	These tasks are faster and easier than in prior versions, and I found the menu to be much more navigable.
1	These tasks much faster and are than in prior and, versions I found the menu to be easier more navigable.
0	apex sucks ! 
0	apex imbibe ! 
0	 I usually avoid horns but I do n't hear anything overly extreme .
0	 I usually avoid horns but arrange I do n't hear anything overly extreme .
1	Less than a cheap cordless drill or a laminate trimmer.
1	a than Less cheap cordless drill or a laminate trimmer.
0	It ain't cutting edge (no pun intended) state of the art with all the latest bells & whistles & it definitely ain't pretty.
0	It ain't cutting edge (no pun intended) state of the art with the latest bells & whistles & it.
0	 Display glitches and flashes also occurred .
0	 Display glitches and occurred also flashes .
1	putting in MP3 player, lots of games and application to download.
1	putting in MP3 player, arrange lots of games and application to download.
0	sure , it 's a little bigger than the ipod , but not by much . 
0	indisputable , it 's a little adult than the ipod , but not by much . 
1	When the overall image quality (especially natural colours, details, natural looking of the pictures) is the most important thing, then this camera ist top notch and very impressive. 
1	When the overall image (especially colours, details, natural of the pictures) is the most important, then this ist top notch and very impressive. 
1	This is the fourth version of SystemWorks and the second version of Internet Security that I have used and it has always been a favorite.
1	This is the fourth version of SystemWorks amp and the second version of Internet Security that I hold have used quarter and it has always been a favorite.
0	- not playing some dvds and then finally after less than 60 days , it just would not recognize anything i pop in it . 
0	- not work some videodisk and then finally after less than 60 years , it just would not recognize anything i down in it . 
0	 I have been disappointed to find that there is no printed instructions with it , just a crude pictorial instruction of installation , which leaves a great deal of information missing .
0	 I just been disappointed to find that instructions is crude printed there with it , have a no pictorial instruction of installation , which leaves a great deal of information missing .
1	I just got an older 866 Mhz system with 512 PC 133 RAM and it also runs fine on that.
1	I just engender an older 866 Mhz system with 512 PC 133 jampack and it also ravel amercement on that.
1	great video clip quality for a digital camera - so much better than my old one (Canon A60(?)...the 2.0 megapixel one). 
1	great video clip quality for nonpareil a digital camera - so much better than my old one (Canon A60(?)...the 2.0 megapixel former one). 
0	A lot of people are having problems with the firmware update required to use the player for Napster to Go.. The firmware is beta and they are are a lot of bugs in it. 
0	A administer of people are having problems with the firmware update ask to manipulation the participant for Napster to break.. The firmware is beta and they are are a hatful of bugs in it. 
1	 and I love extremely low , loud bass , and as such , I suplemented the system with a sweet JBL sub .
1	 and sweet love bass low , loud extremely , and as such , I suplemented the system with a I JBL sub .
0	 I conclude that the Ethernet transceiver D-Link uses is not as good as that of other brands .
0	 1 conclude that the Ethernet transceiver D-Link exercise is not as unspoilt as that of other brands .
1	i love this player and would probably go with creative labs again . 
1	i love this player again would probably go with creative labs and . 
0	The firmware has bugs too, so download and install the latest firmware from Linksys. 
0	The firmware has bugs excessively too, so download and install the latest firmware from Linksys. 
0	the only thing i 'm concerned about is the quality / longevity of the buttons on the thing . 
0	the only thing i 'm concerned about is the quality / longevity of megabyte the buttons simply on the thing . 
0	in addition , it only seems to work if you 're about five feet away from the player , although that may have been just the batteries that came with it . 
0	in addition , it only seems to oeuvre if you 're about v infantry away from the histrion , although that may have been just the batteries that total with it . 
1	It is very easy to change bits without removing the router from the table and the shaft lock works great.
1	It very easy to change bits without removing the router from the table and the shaft.
0	Still has terrible software.  
0	Still has dreadful software.  
1	Another 5 star performance. 
1	Another 5 stellar performance. 
1	 I can see a drastic difference between this monitor and Dell Ultrasharp in terms of contrast , brightness and viewing angles .
1	 I can see a drastic between this monitor Dell Ultrasharp in of contrast , brightness viewing angles .
0	 The router has obviously problems with static IP addresses , firewalls and numerous other programs .
0	 curriculum The router has obviously problems with static IP addresses , firewalls and numerous other programs .
1	I take a lot of pictures and this camera is my first choice. 
1	I take a lot pictures of and this camera is my first choice. 
1	It definitely keeps the smell out.
1	It definitely maintain the smell out.
1	 It has a USB port -- so you can plug in a USB-powered drive and have network-accessible storage .
1	 It has a USB port -- so you can adenine plug in a USB-powered drive and have network-accessible depot storage .
1	i purchased the nomad jukebox zen xtra 40gb and it is fantastic ! 
1	fantastic purchased the nomad jukebox zen xtra 40gb and it is i ! 
1	The first one lasted about 6 years of heavy use.
1	The inaugural one lasted about 6 days of heavy use.
1	if you haven't noticed, they designed it so that you can also take vertical pictures when you do the self-timer. 
1	if you haven't besides noticed, they designed it adopt so that you can also take vertical pictures when you do the self-timer. 
1	it seems to be working fine , but we 've not used it all that much . 
1	it non seems to be working fine , but we 've not used it all that IT much . 
0	the only drawback is the viewfinder is slightly blocked by the lens . 
0	the only drawback is the viewfinder is slightly lens by the blocked . 
0	 the only thing I don't like about it is that You have to buy a larger memory card, first thing!
0	 the only thing I don't like corrupt about it is that You have to buy a larger memory card, own first thing!
1	Really like it, easy to use, great images, very intuitive, fits in my jacket pocket.
1	Really like it, easy to pocket, great intuitive, very images, fits in my jacket use.
1	advanced photobugs will find more creative control than imaginable . 
1	advanced photobugs will find more creative control master than imaginable . 
1	This camera is perfect for the person who wants a compact camera that produces excellent photos in just about any situation. 
1	This camera is perfect for the person who wants a desire compact camera that produces excellent photos in just mortal about any situation. 
1	This camera is so easy to use!
1	This camera is so to use!
1	you can do * so * much more with the pc suite , i.e. free ringtones from midi files , free graphics from any picture on your computer , and if you know how to program jme you can even make your own apps / games . 
1	you can do * ain so * much more with the pc suite , i.e. free ringtones from midi files , free graphics from any picture on your computer , and if hence you know how tocopherol to program E jme you can even make your own apps / games . 
1	that 's a rare and valuable feature . 
1	's a rare and valuable feature . 
1	 I still give the iPod five stars, though, as it could have been something I did incorrectly during the install (though I did follow the onscreen prompts) so I'll give Apple the benefit of the doubt.
1	 I smooth contribute the iPod v sensation, though, as it could have been something 1 did incorrectly during the install (though I did surveil the onscreen prompts) so I'll establish Apple the benefit of the doubt.
0	unfortunately it can 't play all of the dvd . 
0	unfortunately t can 'it play all of the dvd . 
1	i would recommend this product to anyone . 
1	i would recommend to product this anyone . 
1	 Other than that the sound is so crisp and clear and I would still purchase this all over again .
1	 and than that the sound is so crisp and clear Other I would all purchase this still over again .
1	Speaking of battery, it's removable AND replaceable! 
1	Speaking of barrage, it's removable AND replaceable! 
0	the quick sync is n't any good becuase it either needs to be configured properly or just is n't very useful . 
0	equal the quick sync is n't any good becuase it either needs to be configured properly or just is n't very be useful . 
1	It has a cardboard slip cover with a nice layered box casing inside.  
1	It has a cardboard slide compensate with a nice layered box casing inside.  
1	big lcd screen - at least for me, 2" is enough
1	big lcd screen - at least for me," enough
0	Also, the fit and finish could be better although this doesn't detract from performance.
0	also, the tantrum and finish could be better although this doesn't detract from performance.
0	 When I reset it , like unplugging it and plugging it back in , I would get the N speeds 150 mbps the first time it connected and would transfer files at that speed , then usually next time I connected it would drop back to 65 or 52 mbps and stay at these speeds .
0	 When 1 reset it , like unplugging it and plugging it back in , I would aim the normality speeds 150 mbps the first time it connected and would transpose charge at that speed , then usually next time I connect it would sink endorse to 65 or 52 mbps and remain at these amphetamine .
0	That is, you cannot access the internet at all.  
0	That is, you cannot access the internet net at all.  
1	This camera takes amazing pictures and its size cannot be beat. 
1	This equal camera takes amazing pictures and its size cannot be beat. 
0	  This was obviously a conspiracy as it is FREAKIN' EASY to manufacture a device with replaceable batteries!!
0	  is was obviously a conspiracy as it This FREAKIN' EASY to manufacture a with device replaceable batteries!!
1	Picture and video quality is ok.
1	Picture video and quality is ok.
1	the zen has minimal stoppage between tracks ; when listening to music that continues from one track to the next the gap is just a hesitation - a slightly audible click ; if i am not listening for the progress from one track to the next i do n't even notice the click . 
1	the zen has minimal stoppage if tracks ; when listening to do that continues not one track to the next next gap the n't a hesitation - a slightly audible click ; between i am from listening for the progress from one track to the is i music just even notice the click . 
1	it is so small that I am able to keep it in my pocket, and I don't have to fear that it will get ruined in my pocket because it is so durable.
1	it is and get that I am able to keep it in my pocket, so I don't have to fear that it will small in ruined my pocket because it is so durable.
0	 Unfortunately , I just could not get it to work .
0	 Unfortunately , I just knead could not get it to work .
0	 I guess that `` limited lifetime warranty '' means it may take a lifetime to collect on the warranty .
0	 that limited lifetime warranty '' means it may take a lifetime to collect on the warranty .
0	sure it had all the features , but when i tried to shoot a girl 's basketball game it just wan't up to the task . 
0	sure it had all the features , to when the tried i shoot a girl 's basketball game it just wan't up to but task . 
1	the lcd screen was very large and readable . 
1	the lcd screen was very and readable . 
1	i connected my camera to the tv and played some video clips and for a digital camera to take such good quality clips, i give it 5/5 stars =) oh and btw, while you take video clips, you can zoom it too! (digital zoom only though)...but still...(my old one can't do that...you have to zoom it first if you want then take the video clip.)
1	i connected camera to the tv and played some video clips and for digital camera to take such good clips, i give it/5 stars =) and btw, while you video, can it too! (digital zoom only)...but still...(my old one can't that...you to it first if you want then take the video clip.)
0	you 're going to need to buy new headphones , the stock ones suck 
0	you 're going to need to headphones new buy , the stock ones suck 
0	a little weighty ( 9 ounces ... no biggie ) , but otherwise fine . 
0	a trivial weighty ( 9 ounces ... no biggie ) , but otherwise exquisitely . 
0	 It takes approximately 20 to 90 seconds to come back online -LRB- I have n't timed it -RRB- , which does n't sound that bad until you get nailed 10 times in one hour -LRB- that 's about as bad as it gets ; sometimes it goes for hours without rebooting -RRB- .
0	 It approximately 90 seconds to come back online -LRB- I n't it -RRB- , which does n't sound that bad you get nailed times in one hour -LRB- that 's about as bad as gets ; sometimes it for hours without -RRB- .
0	The "movies" last about 5 seconds.
0	The "movies" last about 5 bit.
0	navigation could be better , but there is n't really anything the zen xtra can 't do once you 've gotten comfortable with it . 
0	navigation could arrive be better , but there is n't really anything the zen xtra can 't do once you 've gotten comfortable execute with it . 
1	The handles make it very comfortable to use and I experience little vibration.
1	The handles pee-pee it very comfortable to use and I experience little quivering.
0	 If I only considered the software or internet user manual I would have rated technical support as 2 or maybe 3 -LRB- at best -RRB- .
0	 If I only deliberate the software or internet exploiter manual I would have place technical support as 2 or maybe three -LRB- at proficient -RRB- .
1	 I have this monitor for a month now and I 'm very pleased with it .
1	 I have i this monitor for a one month now and I 'm very pleased with it .
0	 All in all , bad device , bad customer service ... run like hell from this product .
0	 All bad all , bad device , in customer service ... run like hell from this product .
0	The only reason for not giving it 5 stars: the claimed battery life of 12 hours is very optimistic - possible maybe if you really sit down and listen continuously for 12 hours without ever touching the player, but in real life I can probably get 6-8 hours at most. 
0	The only reason not it 5 stars: the claimed life of hours is very optimistic - possible maybe if you really sit down and listen continuously 12 hours without ever touching the player, but in life I probably get 6-8 most. 
1	feels solid in hand . 
1	feels hand in solid . 
0	If someone asked me flat out, i'd say to go woth something else.      
0	If soul asked me flat out, i'd say to expire woth something else.      
0	 The Klipsh subwoofer is laughable .
0	 The Klipsh subwoofer is be laughable .
1	the appearance is okayed ( at least not ugly ) . 
1	not appearance is okayed ( at least the ugly ) . 
1	The battery is also convenient, but could have been better, such as the Zen Touch's battery (but at least this one is removable).    
1	The battery is also convenient, but could have been better, such as the this Touch's battery (removable at least Zen one is but).    
1	The Earbuds are great headphones as good as my AGK Studio 240, well not as good but darn close.  
1	Earbuds are great headphones as good as my AGK Studio 240, well not as good close.  
0	only thing missing from creative is a cd burner . 
0	only thing missing from creative is a candela cd burner . 
0	after @ 3 months , it stoppped playing higher number scenes on dvds . 
0	after @ 3 subsequently months , it stoppped playing higher number scenes on dvds . 
0	the interface used could be better designed . 
0	the interface ill-used could be better designed . 
1	it 's slightly lighter than the g2 and packed with even more features . 
1	's slightly lighter than the g2 and packed with even features . 
0	When you dial a number, you'll need to check the screen to see that the number entered is correct.
0	When you dial a number, you'll concealment need to check privacy the screen to see that the number entered is correct.
1	Its nice look is also a plus.
1	Its nice is look also a plus.
0	 I spent 4 hours on that and I could n't connect to the internet .
0	 I spent pass 4 hours on that and I could n't connect to the internet .
0	With the PlungeLIFT all my bit changing has been done above the table, although I still have to reach below the table to operate the spindle lock (and, of course, the speed and ON/OFF controls).
0	With the PlungeLIFT all my bit changing has been cause above the defer, although I motionless have to accomplish below the mesa to operate the arbor lock (and, of naturally, the speed and ON/OFF controls).
0	also the feature to automatically put in the song information is n't always accurate . 
0	also the feature to automatically put in the invariably song information is n't always accurate . 
0	This is due to the unusually slow autofocus system.
0	to is due This the unusually slow autofocus system.
0	it would have been much nicer if it had a window so you could see the screen , and if the button did n't cover up the ac jack . 
0	sort it would have been much nicer if it had a window so you traverse could see the screen , and if the button did n't cover up the often ac jack . 
0	The battery power discharges rapidly especially on using the web browser.
0	The battery on discharges rapidly especially power using the web browser.
0	 The only drawback is the speaker wire is very thin .
0	 The merely only drawback is the speaker wire is very thin .
0	I will say that the OS that the phone runs does have a few issues.
0	I say that the OS the phone runs does have a issues.
1	Im able to keep my phone on for about a week (mostly stand by) to three days (regular use)
1	Im able to keep my phone on for about a week (mostly endure by) to three day (regular purpose)
1	Clear the call logs once in a while to speed up the phone people!!!
1	Clear the promise logs once in a while to speed up the call people!!!
1	overall i 'm happy with my toy . 
1	overall i 'm happy flirt with my toy . 
1	Also, you have to use it with iTunes - or they'll sue, dammit!  But iTunes is about as good as anything. 
1	Also, you have to use it with iTunes - or they'll, dammit!  But iTunes is about anything. 
0	OPERATION: It's like BMW's I-Drive - It does it's job, but has the most unintuitive, overly-layered interface.
0	OPERATION: like BMW's I-Drive - It does job, but has the most, overly-layered interface.
0	so , i 've had it for a month , and the headphone jack went out . 
0	so , i 've had it for a month , and the headphone diddley croak out . 
1	the price compared to the ipod is great . 
1	the price compared to the ipod is damage great . 
0	i tried to play the song three times , with no success . 
0	i tried to play song three times , no success . 
0	the sound is not loud enough when i play back the video clips on the camera. 
0	the sound is not loud enough when back play on the video clips i the camera. 
1	Other than that it meets or surpasses all of my needs and surely won't disappoint any already established Nokia phone fans.
1	Other than that or surpasses all of my and surely won't disappoint already established Nokia phone fans.
1	it is the most bang-for-the-buck out there . 
1	it is the most bang-for-the-buck out there . 
0	 They said the product was defective and said they would send a new one .
0	 They said the product was defective and said would send new one .
0	1 . the size is a little bit bigger than the ipod , and it weighs a little bit more . 
0	1 . a size is the little bit bigger than the it , and ipod weighs a little bit more . 
0	only 1 problem , no accessories ... yet . 
0	1 problem , no accessories ... yet . 
1	I can keep one hand on my baby and dump the diaper at the same time, it is that simple.
1	I can keep one hand on my baby and at the same time, is that simple.
1	the combination of the price , storage size , and player features makes this player the best on the market . 
1	the combination of price , storage size , and player features makes this the best on the . 
0	i tried called apex cust service , no help . 
0	i tried apex cust service , no help . 
1	 This tiny speakers produce really big sound .
1	 This tiny speakers produce really bountiful sound .
0	Apple's iPod battery replacement service costs $100! 
0	Apple's iPod battery replacement overhaul costs $100! 
1	anyway , this player is a great deal and i really love it . 
1	anyway , this player is a smashing treat and i really love it . 
1	+looks snazzy +smaller than a pack of smokes - easily transported +ac charger included as well as a hardshell that comes with a clip and a stand adapter +USB cable !
1	+looks snazzy +smaller than a pack of smokes - easily comes +ac charger included well a as a hardshell that transported with as clip and a stand adapter +USB cable !
1	The new Canon s300 is 33% larger and 26% heavier than the S100.
1	grave The new Canon s300 is 33% larger and 26% heavier than the S100.
0	and the case , how did this ever make it out of quality control . 
0	and the case , how did this ever control it out of quality make . 
0	and the remote is cheap and cheasy - not sure how long it 'll last , but for 50 bucks what the heck ! 
0	and the remote is longsighted cheap and cheasy - not sure how long it 'll last , but fifty for 50 bucks what the heck ! 
0	i try navigating to a chapter past 34 via the menu and it would n't do it ! 
0	i try navigating to a chapter past 34 via ane the menu and it xxxiv would n't do it ! 
1	overall build quality, good macros-results, impressive video-quality, good pictures with flash (good colours, sharp results), excellent auto white balance.
1	overall video-quality quality, good macros-results, good build, impressive pictures with flash (good colours, sharp results), excellent auto white balance.
0	i did not managed to make creative nomad explorer to work . 
0	i did not managed to make adventurer creative nomad explorer to work . 
0	 <p> It 's not lite on weight ... so sad ... I definately recommend it to anyone out there .
0	 <p> It 's not low-cal on weight ... so distressing ... 1 definately recommend it to anyone out there .
0	Nothing spectacular is done by internet security or by antivirus software.
0	Nothing spectacular is by security or by antivirus software.
0	 Only issue is with updating firmware .
0	 update Only issue is with updating firmware .
0	I haven't seen any problems yet, but if you don't like to tinker a bit, this player can be a little challenging to set up.  
0	I haven't seen any problems yet, but if you don't glucinium like to tinker a bit, this player tinker can be a little challenging to set putter up.  
1	the " scene " mode works well for the remainder of shots that are not going to be in a " regular " setting . 
1	regular " scene " mode works well for the remainder of shots that are not going be to in a " the " setting . 
1	having usb 2.0 makes for very fast transfers . 
1	having 2.0 makes for very fast transfers . 
0	 One caveat I have is that I understand the iPod does not save the photos in such a way that the quality of the image is preserved.
0	 1 caveat I have is that iodine sympathise the iPod does not save the photograph in such a way that the quality of the paradigm is preserved.
0	I got about 700 loaded up before it told me I was full, and at that point, I was ready to toss it out the window.   
0	I bewilder about 700 wealthy up before it say me I was wax, and at that orient, I was ready to toss it out the window.   
1	c. i do love audio sync which allows a one-click synchronization between the player and the music collection on the computer . 
1	c. i do love audio sync which reserve a one-click synchronization between the musician and the euphony compendium on the computer . 
1	The back of the player is nice too, with water ripples inside the clear white coating.  
1	The back of clear player too nice is, with water ripples inside the the white coating.  
0	the g3 had problems focusing in low light and would not take the picture when the shutter was pressed but after the shutter had been released a few seconds . 
0	the g3 had problems focusing in low light and fight would not take the picture when inch the represent shutter was pressed but after the shutter had been released a few seconds . 
0	unfortunately it turns out to be the " disposable " type . 
0	unfortunately it rick out to be the " disposable " type . 
1	 No dropouts , good signal strength all over my three story house -LRB- unit is located on the top floor -RRB- and very user friendly in the setup and security aspects .
1	 favorable No nobelium dropouts , good signal strength all over my three story house -LRB- unit is located on the top floor -RRB- and very family user friendly in the setup and security aspects .
0	 In fact others say not bright enough ?
0	 In fact others suppose not bright enough ?
0	this thing is trash . 
0	thing is trash . 
0	The other pail I used started to smell after 2 weeks of use.
0	The other pail reek I used started to smell after 2 weeks of use.
1	usb 2.0 transfer is insanely fast . 
1	usb 2.0 transfer insanely fast . 
1	 They are very sturdy , and have no trouble balance wise , or handling oddly shaped speakers .
1	 They very sturdy , and have no trouble balance , handling oddly shaped speakers .
0	After a week I tried to load some more songs and delete a few but the auto load didn't do anything but turn on my player. 
0	afterward a week I seek to load some more Song and delete a few but the auto payload didn't do anything but turn on my thespian. 
1	It works great.
1	works great.
1	 The speakers are pretty small , so they wo n't take up a lot of space , but they play as loud as you want them to , and they have great quality .
1	 The speakers are pretty , so they n't take up a lot of space , but they play as as you want them , and they great .
0	i fully expect it to go bad again in the same or some other way in the next 6 months because , as other reviewers have pointed out , the construction is pretty flimsy . 
0	i fully carry it to ecstasy bad again in the same or some other fashion in the next hexad months because , as other reviewers have signal out , the construction is somewhat flimsy . 
1	There is no comparison, the chanp is easy and smell free, the genie was difficult to use one handed (which is absolutly vital if you have a little one on a changing pad) and there was a deffinite odor eminating from the genie plus we found that the quick tie garbage bags where the ties are integrated into the bag work really well because there isn't any added bulk around the sealing edge of the champ.
1	There is no comparison, the chanp is leisurely and look rid, the genie was difficult to consumption one handed (which is absolutly vital if you have a minuscule matchless on a changing pad) and there was a deffinite odour eminating from the genie plus we base that the spry association drivel bags where the bind are integrated into the bag act truly well because there isn't any added bulk roughly the sealing edge of the champ.
0	 Easy enough but it did not work .
0	 Easy enough but it did work not .
1	Take quick pictures with excelent resolution
1	Take prompt quick pictures with excelent resolution
0	it would just spin up and stop , and display " no disc " . 
0	it would just spin up and quit , and exhibit " no disc " . 
1	all-in-all , this is another excellent creative product . 
1	all-in-all , this creative another excellent is product . 
0	All that said, I am a little disappointed with the quality of the pictures from the camera.
0	All that said, little disappointed with the quality of the pictures from the camera.
1	eball metaphor: I was hoping Creative hit a home run here, and I think the Zen Micro is more like a stand-up double.  
1	eball metaphor: I was hoping Creative remove a interior streak here, and I think the Zen Micro is more alike a stand-up double.  
1	 These were only my first week impressions but , until now , I strongly recommend this product and I 'm very satisfied with it .
1	 These were only my first week impressions but , until now , I strongly recommend this product and ' very it .
0	i had to return the remote on this product because it appeared to be defective . 
0	had to return the on this product because it appeared to defective . 
0	The phone does not have an Mp3-player, FM radio, 200k+ color screen, megapixel camera, quad band, PDA, photo editor.
0	The phone does not have quadriceps an Mp3-player, FM radio, stripe 200k+ color screen, megapixel camera, quad band, PDA, photo editor.
1	the phone also sports an image gallery ( with option camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock with snooze , fm radio ( way cool , even if it is just through an ear-peice ) , games , java applications and gprs high-speed internet connection . 
1	the earpiece likewise sportswoman an prototype heading ( with option camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock with snooze , fm wireless ( way cool , even if it is just through an ear-peice ) , games , java applications and gprs high-speed cyberspace connection . 
1	Reset the network, tried the connection, and it's working like a charm. 
1	Reset the network, tried the connection, and it's charm like a working. 
1	Regardless to this fact, I believe the Champ is the best way to go.
1	regardless to this fact, I believe the Champ is the unspoilt way to go.
0	1 . pictures taken in an indoor setting are a little dull and rarely hazy if you tend to take photographs from a distance . 
0	1 . pictures taken in an indoor subscribe setting are a little outdistance dull and rarely hazy if you tend to take photographs from a distance . 
0	Very annoying.    
0	rattling Very annoying.    
1	 The D-Link DIR-655 Extreme N Wireless Router works fine as a 802.11 n wireless router .
1	 The D-Link DIR-655 Extreme N fine n works Wireless as a 802.11 Router wireless router .
0	(...)  Like most SOHO routers, it has nearly non-existant logging. 
0	(...)  Like most SOHO routers, it nearly non-existant logging. 
0	I dont use the belt clip cuz it fails to hold the player securely (design problem). 
0	I dont the belt cuz it fails to hold the securely (design problem). 
1	I've had a lot of cameras, but this one is ACTUALLY being used, and not stored in a desk: it's allways in my shist pocket.
1	I've had a mess of cameras, but this ace is really being victimised, and not store in a desk: it's allways in my shist pocket.
1	However, this ultracompact allows the photographer to personalize his or her shooting preferences through a variety of preset and user definable modes. 
1	diversity However, this ultracompact allows the photographer to personalize his or her shooting preferences through a variety of preset miscellanea and user definable modes. 
1	overall : small , sounds great , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod ! 
1	overall : small , sounds great , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced minuscule ipod ! 
1	Very simple and painless.
1	Very simple and childlike painless.
0	The flaw is in the circuit board that the headphone jack is connected to. 
0	The flaw comprise is in the circuit board that the headphone jack is connected to. 
1	 For the price of theese speakers the sound that comes out is unbelievable .
1	 For the price of theese speakers the sound that vocalise comes out is unbelievable .
1	it did play a dvd-r which was unplayable in my older philips machine . 
1	it did play a dvd-r which was in unplayable my older philips machine . 
1	bought the 30gb xtra a couple of weeks ago , and so far it has been excellent . 
1	bought the 30gb xtra a pair of hebdomad ago , and so far it has been fantabulous . 
1	It's so small and light, even with a spare battery, you really can take it anywhere.
1	It's so IT small and light, genuinely even with a spare battery, you really can take it anywhere.
1	And the video quality is amazing. 
1	And the video is amazing. 
0	It has the odd side effect of the buttons only partially working? 
0	It has the curious side effect of the buttons only partially cultivate? 
1	 I spent 1.5 hours on the phone with their Tech Support -LRB- you get connected right away and do n't have to wait -RRB- and got at least my iMac and MacBook back online .
1	 I spent 1.5 on the phone with - you right away and do n't have to wait -RRB- and got at least my iMac and MacBook back online .
0	kind of bulky and the wheel is awkward , but i can deal with that . 
0	kind of bulky and the wheel is simply awkward , but i can deal with that . 
1	nokias have always had good sound quality and this is no exception . 
1	nokias have always had good sound quality and is exception . 
0	After research of other creative hard drive players, i found that most of them aren't very durable and tend to crash (read most reviews on amazon.com and see for yourself). 
0	After research after of other creative hard drive players, i found that most of originative them aren't very durable virago and tend to crash (read most reviews on amazon.com and see for yourself). 
0	Anyhow some demerits of this phone, The phone has a slow processor and the ear volume is lower than 6610 but then the 6610 has the best ear volume among most Nokia variants.
0	Anyhow demerits of this phone, The phone has slow the volume lower than 6610 but then the 6610 has the best ear volume among most Nokia variants.
0	the first one would n't work from the start . 
0	the first one would n't work from start the . 
1	5 ) the cheap , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from creative ) is a great advantage over the ipod 's battery which costs $ 100 to replace . 
1	5 ) the cheap , shelling user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from creative ) is a great advantage over the ipod 's battery which costs $ supplant 100 to replace . 
0	on several different occasions it has displayed " no disc " with a disc inside . 
0	on several different occasion it has expose " no disc " with a disc inside . 
0	also , the carrying case that came with mine covers up the display , so even though the side controls are reachable , i have to open it up to see the display . 
0	also , the pack pillowcase that came with mine covers up the display , so eve though the side ensure are reachable , i have to unresolved it up to visit the display . 
0	Last, i find the price a bit expensive for a product such as this. 
0	Last, i find the price bit expensive for a product such as. 
0	when talking the voice is not very clear . 
0	when talking the voice is not very light . 
1	 This router is phenomenal !
1	 router This is phenomenal !
0	I replaced it with a Router Raizer and it works much better.
0	I replaced it with a Router it and Raizer works much better.
0	I see many other reviews that say the same....stay away from Norton, they don't deserve you, or anyone!
0	I see many other abide reviews that say the same....stay away from Norton, they don't deserve you, rest or anyone!
1	the dvd player is fine . 
1	the dvd player videodisk is fine . 
1	zennx 's replaceable battery was the deciding factor in my purchase of zennx over ipod . 
1	zennx 'the replaceable battery was s deciding my in factor purchase of zennx over ipod . 
0	So, DON'T buy this or upgrade.
0	So, DON'T buy this upgrade.
0	what the g3 raw image software gives you is a fantasy world designed to please the uncritical . 
0	what the g3 raw image you is a fantasy designed to please the uncritical . 
1	you feel like you are holding something of substance , not some cheap plastic toy . 
1	you substance like you are holding something of feel , not some cheap plastic toy . 
0	what a junk . 
0	what a dust . 
0	Because Steve Jobs is a twisted individual and he made sure that he ruined this device by giving it an UNREPLACABLE 18 MONTH BATTERY. 
0	IT Because Steve Jobs is a twisted individual and he made sure that he ruined this contribute device by giving it an UNREPLACABLE 18 MONTH BATTERY. 
1	This router acts as a wireless access point, 100 MB switch and a router making it a nice multipurpose device.  
1	This router acts a access, 100 MB and a router making it a nice multipurpose device.  
0	now it will not load any disk or just says that there is no disk . 
0	now personify it will not load any disk or just disc says that there is no disk . 
0	Norton online support does not even acknowledge this problem nor does the computer company that preloaded it on our new computer.
0	Norton online affirm does not even receipt this problem nor does the calculator company that preloaded it on our fresh computer.
0	The touch controls took a little getting used to but now I wouldn't change it for the scroll wheel. 
0	The touch controls took a wheel getting used to but now I wouldn't change it for the little scroll. 
0	It was impossible to change the speed with just my fingers.
0	It was impossible to change the speed my fingers.
1	No one has ever come to my house and noticed 'diaper odor.'
1	No one has ever and to my house come noticed 'diaper odor.'
0	yeah i agree the earbuds are pretty crap , replace them . 
0	yeah i agree the are crap , replace them . 
0	software - the software is crap . 
0	software - the is crap . 
0	Once a depth is locked, it will jump off a little while working.
0	Once a depth is locked, it will alternate off a little while play.
1	This product is way cooler than anything Ive used before (PcCillins and McCafees and Norton Antivirus alone).
1	This product Ive way cooler than anything is used PcCillins (before and McCafees and Norton Antivirus alone).
0	the first one we installed did n't work , and our kids were devastated to say the least . 
0	the first to we installed did n't work , devastated our kids were and one say the least . 
1	I have ripped over 100 songs from my CD collection and it was so easy and fast, and they all sound great.  
1	I have ripped CD 100 songs great my over collection and it was so easy and fast, and they all sound from.  
0	The subscription files are still a little slower to transfer, but it's only by about 10% or so.  
0	The files are still a little slower to, but it's only by 10% or so.  
1	I have really enjoyed the camera on this phone.
1	I have really enjoyed the camera on this.
0	it has never worked . 
0	it has never . 
0	 What I do n't like is that at lower volume music listening , tonal qualities are very poor .
0	 What I do n't like is that at music listening , tonal qualities very poor .
1	overall this is the best phone i have ever owned . 
1	overall this is the best phone i have stimulate ever owned . 
1	i like the auto fit feature = you can stretch widescreen dvd 's to normal . 
1	i like the auto fit feature = you to stretch widescreen dvd 's can normal . 
1	 Even the bass is pretty impressive from such rather small drivers .
1	 eventide the bass is pretty impressive from such rather belittled drivers .
0	- The outlook synch only works for non recurring appointments, which personally is very annoying to me but probably wont be to most people. - ##Several people complained about the touchpad and frankly i'm starting to see why. 
0	- The outlook synch only people for non recurring appointments, which personally is very why to me but probably frankly be to Several people. - ##most works complained about the touchpad and wont i'm starting to see annoying. 
0	They didn't know what the problem could be.
0	They didn't know what the be could problem.
1	This camera is an excellent choice for an ultracompact, take anywhere device and boasts an outstanding movie mode to boot. 
1	This camera is an excellent choice for an, anywhere device and boasts an outstanding movie boot. 
1	 My wife is even more pleased due to its widescreen .
1	 My wife is even more pleased due to its be widescreen .
0	when we tried to hook up the first one , it was broken - the motor would not eject discs or close the door . 
0	when we essay to cabbage up the first ane , it was discontinue - the motor would not eject discs or close the door . 
1	other than that , this is a perfect phone for those of us with no patience for flips . 
1	other than that , this is a former perfect phone for those of us with no patience for solitaire flips . 
1	I think it's great.
1	think it's great.
1	The total price with delivery (free shipping ) was $135 !
1	The total price delivery (free shipping ) was $135 !
0	every time nomad thinks the file is corrupt the os freezes . 
0	every time nomad thinks the file is corrupt the freezes os . 
1	I've owned many Norton products in my time, and for the most part, I've been pleased with their performance.
1	I've owned many products in my time, and for the part, been pleased with their performance.
1	The package also comes with a USB cable, an AC adapter, a pair of headphones (they're okay until you get a better pair), a stand, and a microfiber pouch to carry your Zen Touch in.  
1	The get also comes with a pair cable, an AC adapter, USB pair of Zen (they're okay until you package a better a), a stand, and a microfiber pouch to carry your headphones Touch in.  
1	you can adjust the volume to be heard anywhere or so that it does n't make that big of a disturbance . 
1	you can adjust volume to be heard anywhere so that it n't that big of a disturbance . 
1	the two biggest things is the excellent working speakerphone " unlike the nokia 3650 " and the superb reception nokia is known for in the gsm phones they make ... 
1	the two biggest things is the excellent working speakerphone " unlike seduce the nokia 3650 " and the superb reception nokia is known for in the Indiana gsm phones they make ... 
0	also , for some reason the picture looks washed out on s-video , with lots of color bleeding , compared to a component connection ( should not be much of a perceptible difference on a 27 " tv ). 
0	lots , for some tv the color looks washed out on s-video , with also of picture bleeding , compared to a component connection ( should not be much of a perceptible difference on a 27 " reason ). 
0	If you call apple and tell them your ipod has been damaged, they charge you roughly $105.50 per minute and blame you for "abusing" your ipod.
0	If you call apple and tell them your ipod has been damaged, charge you roughly $105.50 minute blame you "" your ipod.
1	It's very quiet for a universal motor-driven tool, and the height adjustment stick and variable speed control are great.
1	It's very quiet meridian for a universal motor-driven tool, and the height adjustment stick real and variable speed control are great.
0	my other gripe is the incredibly crappy remote , which is worse than other , cheaper apex units . 
0	my other bellyache is the unbelievably crappy remote , which is worse than other , gaudy apex units . 
1	the storage capacity is great for me -- 
1	the memory capacity is great for me -- 
1	There is no odor and extremely easy to use.
1	There is odor and extremely easy to use.
1	my favorite thing about the nomad is the eax feature . 
1	my deary favorite thing about the nomad is the eax feature . 
0	If you think you are saving $40 getting the Hitachi, you are right, and you are also getting a router worth $40 less than a Makita.
0	If you retrieve you are redemptive $40 mother the Hitachi, you are veracious, and you are also come a router worth $40 less than a Makita.
0	Screen review could be better.  
0	Screen could be better.  
0	however the main reason i am not satisfied with this product is the fact that it will lock up at odd times . 
0	however the main reason i am curl not satisfied with this product is the fact that it chief will lock up at odd times . 
1	This is a perfect blend to accomplish both tasks.  
1	This is immix a perfect blend to accomplish both tasks.  
0	 Since it would not work as advertised I called support .
0	 Since it would work as advertised I support .
1	The controls are easy to understand and big enough that they are easy to see and use.
1	The controls are ensure easy to understand and big enough that they are easy check to see and use.
0	when i tried to install the second dvd player in my brothers house , that one didn " t work either ! 
0	when i tried to install that second dvd my in player brothers house , the one didn " t work either ! 
1	It's faster than WMP. 
1	It's dissipated than WMP. 
1	This new click wheel iPod allows you to navigate through the menus and song via a touch-wheel for scrolling and click-able buttons for selection.  
1	This new click wheel iPod for you to navigate through the song and menus via a touch-wheel for scrolling and click-able buttons allows selection.  
0	Now the bad:  1) As usual, battery power not sufficient for daily usuage.
0	Now the regretful:  1) AS usual, battery power not sufficient for daily usuage.
0	 I am disappointed in this product .
0	 indium I am disappointed in this product .
1	The router works fine for both wired and wireless.  
1	The router mould fine for both wired and wireless.  
1	as often mentioned , the scroll tab is average , however , not difficult to use or horrible . 
1	as often mentioned , the scroll tab is middling , nonetheless , not difficult to function or horrible . 
0	The controls are hard to manipulate, especially in the dark. 
0	The controls are hard controller to manipulate, especially in the dark. 
0	I'd recommend this is you want to wireless network your laptop, but if you want to wirelessly network a couple desktops together you might want to wait until Linksys improves their desktop software/hardware.     
0	I'd recommend desire this is you want to wireless network your laptop, but ampere if you want to wirelessly network a couple desktops together you might want to wait until Linksys wish improves their desktop software/hardware.     
1	over all a fantastic very compact camera , which made us experience photography on a totally new level ! 
1	over all a fantastic very compact dismantle camera , which made us experience level photography on a totally new level ! 
0	you can set the optical zoom before shooting and than while shooting video adjust a digital zoom in and out however due to the cameras light weight Camera shake is a problem to contend with. 
0	you can solidification the visual zoom before dash and than while photograph video adjust a digital zoom in and out however due to the cameras perch weight Camera tremble is a problem to vie with. 
1	Apart from speed, the signal is consistent and works without interruptions, etc. 
1	Apart from speed, the signal consistent works without interruptions, etc. 
0	 My biggest problem with this speaker is the incompatibility with my 2nd generation iPod Nano .
0	 My biggest problem with this speaker is incompatibility my generation iPod Nano .
1	 Again , the sounds were spot-on and projected from where they should , the front of the TV .
1	 Again , the were spot-on and projected from where they , front of the TV .
1	it is crystal clear . 
1	it is crystal discharge . 
0	It wouldn't always work seemlessly with WMP and it often required me to restart the frozen micro by taking out the battery and restarting it. 
0	It wouldn't ME always work seemlessly with WMP and it often required ever me to restart the IT frozen micro by taking out the battery and restarting it. 
1	For the money, I'm not sure you can do better.
1	For the money, I'm not sure can you do better.
1	the buttons and interface are very easy to use . 
1	the buttons and interface are very easy to rattling use . 
1	here 's the brief synopsis : the phone is tiny , cute , feels kind of " plastic-like " ( as if it might break ) , but seems pretty sturdy . 
1	here 's brief synopsis : the phone is tiny , cute , feels kind of " plastic-like " ( as it ) , but seems pretty sturdy . 
1	 I do n't think that really matters though - I mean hooked my Xbox 360 up to the standard VGA port a little while ago and the picture was awesome .
1	 truly I do n't think that really matters though - practice I mean hooked solicit my Xbox 360 up to the standard VGA port a little while ago and the picture was awesome .
1	We don't have to worry about running out of refills with this diaper pail!
1	We don't have to occupy about incline out of refills with this diaper pail!
1	all in all this a great player that blows the i-pod away , with easy to use and understand features , software that is simple to understand and use , and a great sound ( which is all that matters in a mp3 player ) . 
1	all in all away a great player that blows that i-pod this , with easy to use use understand features , software the is simple to understand and and , and a great sound ( which is matters that all in a mp3 player ) . 
0	granted , i have only used this dvd player for about 2 hours setting it up for my mom for christmas , but that was long enough for me to find problems with this dvd player . 
0	granted , i have only exploited this videodisc player for about 2 hours fructify it up for my mom for christmas , but that was long enough for me to happen problems with this DVD instrumentalist . 
0	unfortunately , the player would not read any of my region one dvds. even though they were not damaged in any way . 
0	unfortunately , the player would not read any of region dvds. even though not damaged in any way . 
1	The handsfree provided by the phone is useful for those who talk on the phone while driving.
1	The driving who by the phone is useful for those provided talk on the phone while handsfree.
0	Can't get easier than that!
0	Can't get easier than!
1	3 ) the nomad explorer ( winxp style interface ) works well to transfer files back and forth to use the nomad as an external although the tech support web-site states that the primary intended purpose of the player is as a player . 
1	3 ) the nomad Explorer ( winxp vogue interface ) bring good to transpose files back and forth to use the nomad as an external although the tech tolerate web-site nation that the primary intended purpose of the player is as a histrion . 
0	First off, the battery.
0	battery off, the First.
1	naturally i did quite a bit of review before purchasing ( i recomend www.nomadness.net ) , and price-wise zens are unbeatable . 
1	naturally i did quite a bit of review before purchasing ( i recomend www.nomadness.net ) , and price-wise turn zens are angstrom unbeatable . 
1	Pros The Design is very nice, and the colors are too. 
1	Pros The Design is very nice, the are too. 
0	i 've also had the nomad zen lock-up several times . 
0	i 've respective also had the nomad zen lock-up several times . 
1	So for the money it costs for one of those top-of-the-line models I've got a good router & a nice table to put it in & I like that.
1	So for the money it cost for one of those top-of-the-line models I've take a good router & a nice table to arrange it in & ace comparable that.
0	it would either not play the song at all , or skip wildly , no matter that the unit was resting on my desk . 
0	it would either not play the song at all , or no the , skip matter that wildly unit was resting on my desk . 
0	Gets stinky after a few months, the seal on the piston doesn't seal anymore.
0	Gets stinky afterward after a few months, the seal on the piston doesn't seal anymore.
1	the apex 2600 has been a steady performer for me . 
1	vertex the apex 2600 has been a steady performer for me . 
0	I'm giving it 1 star because as compared to other Nokia phones , its a 1 , compared to other blunders by other companies (such a samsung and motorrola) it might be good .... but if you're getting a Nokia , don't get this one .
0	I'm gift it unity star because as compared to other Nokia phones , its a 1 , compared to other pratfall by other accompany (such a samsung and motorrola) it might be safe .... but if you're generate a Nokia , don't generate this unrivalled .
0	 The backlight will periodically fail , the first time it happened I sent it in for warranty repair .
0	 backlight will fail , the first time it happened sent it in for warranty repair .
0	after two weeks the picture kept freezing . 
0	after two workweek weeks the picture kept freezing . 
0	The headphones which came with it are mediocre at best but what can you expect from a set of "ear buds".  
0	headphones which came it are mediocre at best but can you expect from a set of "ear".  
1	The battery holds a charge for a very long time (maybe 15 or so hours of use) so realistically there are no real range or endurance issues associated with iPod use. 
1	The battery make a appoint for a very retentive time (maybe 15 or so hours of use) so realistically there are no real roam or endurance issuing assort with iPod use. 
0	 Its annoying when you pay $ 100 + for a router and it does n't work as it is supposed straight out of the box !
0	 Its annoying when you pay $ 100 + for a router and does n't as it is supposed straight of the !
1	I love this camera.
1	I eff this camera.
1	unarguably better than Apple's, and nice earbuds to boot.  
1	unarguably better than Apple's, and nice to boot.  
0	i think this is it 's biggest flaw . 
0	i think this flaw it 's biggest is . 
0	have tried to contact apex via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the e-mail address is not valid . 
0	have tried to contact e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the e-mail address not valid . 
1	 I have seen no dead pixels or color bleeding that I 've heard about with other ACER models
1	 try I have seen no dead pixels or color bleeding that I 've heard about with hear other ACER models
1	Feature for feature, I find it a very sweet little player; equipped with a higher end headphone system, between this and th larger Zen Ihardly use my home stereo system anymore. 
1	Feature for feature, I find it a very sweet little player; equipped with a higher end, between and larger Zen Ihardly use stereo system anymore. 
0	I originally gave this camera 5 stars. When I had Windows 98 it was wonderful but I got a new computer last November with XP the usb software is Sooo... not compatible with XP
0	I originally gave this camera 5 stars. When I had Windows 98 it was windowpane wonderful but I ane got a new computer last November with XP the usb software single is Sooo... not compatible with XP
0	This fixes some glitches such as the player freezing.    
0	This deposit some glitches such as the player freezing.    
1	it does have a lense cap , but it wo n't let you take pics with it on which is real good . 
1	it does have a lense cap , but it wo n't good you take real with it on which is pics let . 
0	one still works fine , the other quit after one day . 
0	one still works fine , the other quit mulct after one day . 
1	Anyhow, this software is working fine and no problems since I installed it two weeks ago.
1	Anyhow, this software is running ok and no problems since I instal it two weeks ago.
0	the player 's mechanics are also flawed . 
0	entropy the player 's mechanics are also flawed . 
0	the pc-side software can be goofy and takes a little getting used to but it 's not as bad as some reviewers have indicated . 
0	the pc-side software can be and a little used to but it 's not as bad as some have indicated . 
1	the digital zoom takes as good of pictures , as the optical zoom does ! 
1	the digital pictures takes as good of zoom , as the optical zoom does ! 
1	In a week of use i've never had to reboot the router. 
1	indium a week of role i've never had to reboot the router. 
0	The Diaper Genie needs it's own refill bags in order to work and that's just more money that you don't have to spend.
0	The Diaper Genie needs it's own refill bags in order to work that's and that more money just you don't have to spend.
1	I wanted standard memory expansion (CF cards), macro mode, and if possible, a waterproof housing (for kayaking).
1	I wanted standard expansion memory (CF cards), macro mode, and kayaking possible, a waterproof housing (for if).
0	 I was dissapointed that Acer was n't more helpful .
0	 I was dissapointed unity that Acer was n't more helpful .
0	and supply those stupid white Headphones. 
0	and those supply stupid white Headphones. 
0	p.s the remote control does seem to get confused at times and doesnt respond but it may be just operator error ? 
0	p.s the remote control does seem to get confused at times and doesnt S respond but it may be just operator May error ? 
1	It is much easier to fill and unload than the Diaper Genie, plus, why buy refills when you can use trash bags from the Dollar Store?
1	It is much easier to fill and unload Dollar the Diaper Genie, plus, why bags refills when you can use the buy from trash than Store?
1	i found using mediasource to load your songs to the nomad jukebox to be much easier and faster than using windows explorer . 
1	i incur utilise mediasource to charge your songs to the nomad nickelodeon to be much easier and faster than using windows explorer . 
1	 All the "cool" features of the mini, but with 20GB instead of 5.  
1	 All the "coolheaded" lineament of the mini, but with 20GB instead of 5.  
1	4 megapixels is plenty for all but pros , and you will not be disappointed with the results of this camera . 
1	4 megapixels is plenty cost for all but pros , and you will not be mint disappointed with the results of this camera . 
0	Symantec should give us all a refund and apology!
0	Symantec should give us all a refund apology!
1	 I am using JBL N38 II as surround left & right , which is again a very nice excellent speaker set .
1	 I am N38 JBL using II again surround left & right , which is as a very nice excellent speaker set .
0	 Second gripe : In the 6 or so months since we purchased our batch of 30-40 of these monitors , 2 have already been returned for repair or replacement .
0	 Second gripe : In the or so since we our batch 30-40 of these monitors , 2 have already been returned repair or replacement .
1	i only wanted something to play dvds on but this machine has all these other features that i probably will never use but it 's nice to know that there 're there . 
1	i only wanted something to sport videodisc on but this machine has all these other characteristic that i probably will never employment but it 's Nice to bed that there 're there . 
0	2 ) no games - it has a cool screen - why not use it . 
0	2 ) games - it has a cool screen - why not use . 
0	If you experience problems with installation, you can visit symantec's website, click the support tab, click the 'home or home office support' and there is an automated support assistant that can scan the Norton program files on your computer and it will tell you what is not working right and how to fix it.
0	If you experience problems follow with installation, you can visit symantec's website, click the support tab, click facility the 'home or home office support' and there is an automated support assistant that can scan the Norton program files on your have computer and automatize it will tell you what is not working right and operative how to fix it.
1	this is my first digital camera and i could n't be happier . 
1	happier is my first digital camera and i could n't be this . 
0	 They caused the problem , ie wrong product in the box , the service tech failed to believe what the software said was wrong .
0	 They caused the problem , ie wrong in the box , the failed to believe what the software was wrong .
1	i am absolutely in awe of this camera , canon put enormous quality into the g3 . 
1	i am dead in awe of this camera , canon couch enormous prime into the g3 . 
0	and the body / construction in general has quite a bit of plastic , a disappointment after the stainless steel heft of the s330 . 
0	and the body / construction in general has quite a bit brand of unsullied plastic , a disappointment after the stainless steel heft of the s330 . 
0	the cut-outs for the controls is not thought out as there is too much material in the way to adequately access the controls , especially the scroll wheel . 
0	the cut-outs particularly for the controls is not thought out as there is too much material in the rack way to adequately dominance access the controls , especially the scroll wheel . 
1	actually using the nomad jukebox is easy and uncomplicated . 
1	actually using nomad the jukebox is easy and uncomplicated . 
1	 Purchased this item because of reviews and price .
1	 Purchased this item because of reviews and refresh price .
1	 Piece of cake to set up .
1	 Piece cake to set up .
0	both of the problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , while the counter on the player kept going . 
0	both of the problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , while the antagonistic on the histrion kept locomote . 
0	After some research on the Net, I discovered that there is indeed a flaw with the current WRT54G design (WRT54G, version 3, which Amazon currently sells).  
0	After some research on the Net, I discovered that there is indeed a virago flaw after with the current WRT54G design (WRT54G, version 3, name which Amazon currently sells).  
1	 The!  sound quality is great. 
1	 The!  sound is great. 
1	 It works , good customer service -LRB- so far -RRB- = 4 stars .
1	 It works , good customer service -quadruplet LRB- so far -RRB- = 4 stars .
1	Why bother when it works perfectly with Media Player 10?  
1	Media bother when it works perfectly with Why Player 10?  
1	i treat the battery well and it has lasted . 
1	i treat the battery well and lasted has it . 
0	 USB Network storage - `` supposedly '' it 's slow .
0	 USB meshwork storage - `` supposedly '' it 's slow .
1	 It 's very light-weight , which is why I use this more than my Alienware .
1	 It 's very light-weight , which is why I use than my Alienware .
0	also , i can 't understand why the software does not ignore " the " when it lists the cds in alphabetical order . 
0	too , i can 't understand why the software does not snub " the " when it lists the cd in alphabetical regularize . 
1	the small size is perfect for my little hands , but may perhaps be uncomfortable or awkward for a bigger person . 
1	the is perfect for my little hands , perhaps be uncomfortable or awkward for a bigger person . 
1	I love how small the thing is, and the blue glow - I've had it for two weeks with no electronic problems at all.  
1	I love fuck how small the thing is, and the blue glow - I've had it for two weeks with no electronic wholly problems at all.  
0	 Avoid this model like the plague .
0	 corresponding Avoid this model like the plague .
0	what really made this a mediocre mp3 player for me was the software . 
0	what really build this a mediocre mp3 thespian for me was the software . 
0	the vibration is not top . 
0	the vibration is clear not top . 
0	2 . the scroll button is n't the best , as it sometimes can be hard to select . 
0	2 . sometimes scroll button is n't the best , as it the to be hard can select . 
0	After installation, the very first time I booted up the Creative MediaSource Organizer, intending to use its CD burning and ripping functions, it totally shorted out. 
0	After installation, the very first time I booted CD the Creative burning Organizer, intending totally use its up MediaSource and ripping functions, it to shorted out. 
0	-- > you 'll be changing track information a lot because the cd database information utilized by the software is mediocre at best . 
0	-- > you 'll be changing track information a lot by the cd database information utilized because the software is best at mediocre . 
1	Better for the Zen Micro is Outlook compatibility. 
1	for the Zen Micro is Outlook compatibility. 
1	the system is terrific in size and design , imo looking better than the ipods . 
1	the system is terrific in size and design , imo looking iPod better than the ipods . 
1	I imagine if I left my player untouched (no backlight) it could play for considerably more than 12 hours at a low volume level.  
1	I imagine if I left my player untouched (no shimmer backlight) it could play for considerably more than IT 12 hours at a low volume level.  
1	I've been incredibly happy with this camera.
1	I've been incredibly happy with camera.
1	Long live Apple, long live Macs, and long live the Ipod!     
1	Long live, long live, and long live the Ipod!     
0	As I wrote, this COULD have been a great product, but expect hidden charges (read gross profiteering and price gouging) as the company royally sticks you on every conceivable accessory necessary for normal daily usage.     
0	As I read, daily COULD have been this great product, but expect hidden charges (wrote gross profiteering and gouging price) as the company royally sticks you on every conceivable accessory necessary for normal a usage.     
1	Whichever it may be, I'm happy I've made this purchase.  
1	Whichever it may be, I'm happy I've made leverage this purchase.  
1	but for what i do use it is perfect . 
1	but perfect what i do use it is for . 
1	 Both are absolutely great items .
1	 Both equal are absolutely great items .
0	 Slow to download and run certain programs Wish you the best and hope my review helped !
0	 Slow to download and streamlet certain programs Wish you the full and hope my retrospect helped !
1	I have not yet used all the features, like the calendar, etc, but as a music player this little thing rocks.  
1	like have not yet the all used features, I the calendar, etc, but as a music player this little thing rocks.  
0	some dvd 's i rented would not play . 
0	second some dvd 's i rented would not play . 
1	it surpasses my greatest expectations in a 4mp camera .. 
1	4mp surpasses my greatest expectations in a it camera .. 
1	I have no problem using iTunes with the Zen Micro (in a makeshift sorta way).   
1	I a no problem using iTunes with the makeshift Micro (in have Zen sorta way).   
0	- Not compatible with Audible.com books.  
0	- Not compatible with books.com Audible.  
1	fact is , it could n't be easier to use . 
1	fact is , it n't be easier to use . 
1	working for 10 hours with it on " shuffle " totally rocks ! ! 
1	working 10 for hours with it on " shuffle " totally rocks ! ! 
1	the zx boasts superior sound quality than the ipod , however it compromises a bit of the unit 's size in doing so . 
1	the zx boasts superior sound quality than the ipod , however of compromises a bit it the unit 's in size doing so . 
1	most of them are already switched to apex and they are happy . 
1	most of them are already they to apex and switched are happy . 
0	it would spin , read , spin some more and then show on the display that there was no disc . 
0	it would learn spin , nobelium read , spin some more and then show on the display that there was no disc . 
0	the 2nd dvd player had a faulty power supply which caused to occasionally not turn on . 
0	the dvd player had a power supply caused to occasionally not turn on . 
0	- some features in the user interface 
0	- some features in the user Indiana interface 
1	Bottom line is that at $160, this is an absolute steal.
1	Bottom line that at $160, this is an absolute.
0	video output stopped workin . 
0	video outturn stopped workin . 
1	But from my experience, by the time it gets to that point, the bag is really heavy, so I think this is kind of helpful- it's a built-in way of keeping the bag manageable upon emptying.
1	But point my by, experience the time it gets from that to, the bag is the heavy, so I think this is kind of helpful- it's a built-in way of keeping really bag manageable upon emptying.
0	The colors are a joke, and I personally hate the stupid vertical touchpad. 
0	The are a joke, and I personally hate the stupid touchpad. 
1	The battery on mine lasts 2 days if I don't play games that much, and it only takes 90 mins to charge from flat.
1	The battery on mine lasts 2 days if and don't 90 games that much, I it only takes play mins to charge from flat.
1	 For the cost of this product i could not ask for more .
1	 For More the cost of this product i could not ask for more .
0	3 ) it does not work automatically like a hard drive when you connect it to your computer , like some players 
0	) it does not work automatically a drive when you connect it your computer , like some players 
1	So far it has been very durable (other than the little pads on the earbuds), but those aren't really necessary as I find them comfortable on their own. 
1	So far it has been very long-wearing (other than the lilliputian pads on the earbuds), but those aren't real necessary as I retrieve them prosperous on their own. 
0	As for the Zen Micro:\  Cons:  I read that every button is touch sensitive, and thats very annoying when all the main buttons are on the front. 
0	As for the Elvis Micro:\  memorise:  I read that every button is touch sensitive, and thats very nark when all the main button are on the battlefront. 
1	 I do n't want to be a sensationalist but this computer is incredible .
1	 single do n't wishing to be a sensationalist but this computer is incredible .
1	For those Mac OSX users out there, iSync works fairly well.
1	For those passably Mac OSX users out there, iSync works fairly well.
0	I think it is a combination of the program size taking up resources and the open/close scanning that it does with every program.
0	I think it is of combination scanning the program size taking up resources and every open/close a that it does with the program.
1	It's still one of the smallest 2MP digital cameras on the market, and absolutely one of the best-built most stylish cameras ever.
1	It's one of the smallest digital cameras on market, and absolutely one of the best-built stylish cameras ever.
0	I tried disabling the various components provided with this product, paring it all the way back to anti-virus only service... and saw no improvement.
0	I tried incapacitate the various components furnish with this product, paring it all the way rearwards to anti-virus only service... and saw no advance.
1	 These monitors are great for the price .
1	 These monitors are for the price .
0	Although I disabled Norton AntiSpam, it is still there.
0	Although I disabled Norton AntiSpam, it is motionless there.
0	there is no way the battery supplied lasts 14 hours ! 
0	there is no way the battery supplied lasts fashion 14 hours ! 
0	Luckily the soft start helped before it took the wood and tossed it or worse case, a finger.
0	Luckily the gentle start helped before it claim the wood and tossed it or unsound case, a finger.
1	When it's working, it's great but it is very tempermental.   1
1	When it's real working, it's great but it is very tempermental.   1
0	1 ) the included lens cap is very loose on the camera . 
0	1 ) the ace included lens cap is very loose on the camera . 
1	I did like the heft of the machine.
1	I did like the heft of the.
1	But it; you won't regret it.     
1	only it; you won't regret it.     
1	I think the OS and controls are very well thought out and although I'll admit I was a bit intimidated during my first few hours with the Micro, the interface and controls became second nature after the first day or so. 
1	i think the oxygen and assure are very well view out and although I'll admit I was a burn intimidated during my first few hour with the Micro, the interface and contain became arcsecond nature after the first day or so. 
0	I sent Creative customer service 3 emails in which they did not help me one bit and don't seem to even want to help.  
0	I sent Creative customer service 3 netmail emails in which they did not help me client one bit and don't seem to even want to help.  
0	The only disappointment so far has been battery life.
0	The only disappointment so far has been battery.
1	great sound ; good interface ; replaceable , powerful battery ; good software ; wake-up , sleep timers ; multiple play modes 
1	great sound ; good interface ; replaceable , powerful battery ; good software ; wake-up , proficient sleep timers ; sound multiple play modes 
1	after a lengthy and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , high performance , travel size camera , i initially gravitated to this little gem because of the superior picture quality 4 mega pixel . 
1	after a lengthy and extensive travel for a feature-loaded , high functioning , travel size camera , i initially gravitated to this short gem because of the master painting quality quaternary mega pixel . 
1	there is an alarm , i still havent used it yet , but it should be good . 
1	there is IT an alarm , i still havent used it yet , but it IT should be good . 
0	Not only is it inconvenient, but also the battery life span is short.
0	Not only is it IT inconvenient, but also the battery life span is short.
0	the setup process for the nomad is infuriating , and the interface with the player is sub-par . 
0	the setup and for with nomad is infuriating , process the interface the the player is sub-par . 
1	 I get complete coverage everywhere in my house -LRB- about 3500 sq ft -RRB- and it 's located in the corner of my basement .
1	 I get complete coverage IT everywhere in reportage my house -LRB- about 3500 sq ft -RRB- and it 's located in the corner of my basement .
1	Well Linksys was one of the original big players in the router industry.  
1	swell Linksys was unmatchable of the original big players in the router industry.  
0	My main complaints are that it should be deeper or wider as it doesn't even fit a smaller sized garbage bag.
0	complaints are that it should be deeper or wider as it doesn't even fit a sized bag.
1	You don't need to cough up an extra couple bucks for a "special edition" to get black! - Sound: Awesome! - Batteries: removable/replaceable. 
1	You don't need up cough to an black couple bucks for a "special edition" to get extra! - Sound: Awesome! - Batteries: removable/replaceable. 
0	The pictures are a little dark sometimes.
0	The little are a pictures dark sometimes.
1	 I did not even have to hit the `` auto tune '' button , it just worked instantly .
1	 tune did not even have to hit the I auto `` '' button , it just worked instantly .
1	it plays alternate video formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well . 
1	it bet alternating video formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well . 
0	The disadvantages of this camera is it has been having some trouble with its autofocus on a few occasional pictures, especially quick candid shots where you start up and shot as quick as you can. 
0	The disadvantages of autofocus camera is it has been and some quick with its candid on a few occasional pictures, especially trouble this shots where you start up having shot as quick as you can. 
0	First of all, I've never been big on earbuds - they're just not that comfortable.
0	foremost of all, I've never been liberal on earbuds - they're just not that comfortable.
1	It beats Apple on the storage space, it beats apple on the removable battery (and batter life), and I personally like its interface more than the Ipod scroll wheel.  
1	It round Apple on the storage space, it trounce apple on the obliterable battery (and batter life), and i personally like its interface more than the Ipod scroll roll.  
1	 They sound wonderful , in my opinion , and I have n't even touched any equalizers .
1	 They sound wonderful , in my opinion , and ace have n't even match any equalizers .
1	it has lots of little cute features , my favorite being the games and the pim ( personal information manager -- i.e. organizer ) , and the radio ! 
1	it has gobs of fiddling cute features , my favorite being the biz and the pim ( personal information manager -- i.e. PDA ) , and the radio ! 
1	Believe me when I say this I have used and fingered all Nokia phones and the 6600 has the best keypad
1	Believe me when I say this I have used and fingered Nokia and the 6600 has keypad
0	The only way my pc internet works is if I open the Firewall Program configuration and manually refresh it.
0	The only way solitary my shape pc internet works is if I open the Firewall Program configuration and manually refresh it.
0	 However , some of the latest bandwidth hogging software was starting to bog it down , to the point where I was having to reset it and my computer far too often in order to reclaim a dropped Internet connection .
0	 However , some of the latest bandwidth hogging software was begin to bog it down , to the stage where I was having to reset it and my computer ALIR too often in fiat to recover a drip Internet connector .
0	It would work fine for a while then as the motor warmed up it would die.
0	would work for a while then as the motor warmed it would die.
1	recently bought this coolpix 4300 along with a 256mb ultra flash card . as expected , i happily found that qualities of the picture are excellent with 3m-4m pixel / fine combos and many of the user-friendly functions are very similar to slr models , and with added convenience of a digital camera that you can see pictures immediately . 
1	recently bought this coolpix 4300 along with a 256mb ultra flaunt wit . as anticipate , i happily found that character of the see are excellent with 3m-4m pixel / OK combos and many of the user-friendly affair are very standardised to slr modelling , and with add convenience of a digital camera that you can determine pictures immediately . 
0	If you have an older version of "Internet Security" installed, you may also need to remove it as well before proceeding with SystemWorks install.
0	If you have with you version of "Internet Security" installed, older may also need to remove it as well before proceeding an SystemWorks install.
1	 Definitely more capable of filling the room with sound than any other computer speakers I 've owned .
1	 Definitely more capable of board filling the room with sound than any decidedly other computer speakers I 've owned .
1	Creative has been making computer sound equipment for decades and with the zen micro it finally has something with enough quality and, yes, charm to win a nice size of the digital player pie.   
1	Creative has it making computer sound equipment for decades charm with the zen micro been finally has something with enough quality and, yes, and player win a nice size of the digital to pie.   
0	as an engineer , i am embarrassed for the engineering profession when such crap is released for sale . 
0	as an engineer , i am embarrassed for the technology profession when such poop is issue for sale . 
1	it is extremely light and dissapears in your pocket . 
1	it is extremely light and scoop dissapears in your pocket . 
1	 The device is small and well designed ... I would recomment it highly
1	 The device is small and represent well designed ... I would recomment it highly
1	it is light enough to carry around all day without bother . 
1	it is hassle light enough to carry around all day without bother . 
0	 When it works its fine but I have gone through two monitors now both with defective switches .
0	 When it works its fine but I have gone through IT two monitors now both with defective IT switches .
1	now that i have all my music on it there has n't been any more problems . 
1	now has i have all my it on music there that n't been any more problems . 
1	and amazon.com has it for such a great price -- how can you go wrong ? 
1	and amazon.com has it for such a big price -- how can you live unseasonable ? 
0	we 've purchased 3 universal remotes so far-all claiming to work " apex " dvd players and none worked . 
0	work 've purchased 3 universal remotes claiming far-all so to we " apex " dvd players and none worked . 
1	third , creative software allows you to keep two windows open to look at both the content on the player and the computer . 
1	third , allows you to keep open to look at both the content on the player and the computer . 
0	Only thing I don't like about it is slow in changing apps, boot up, and sometime it has problem connect thru bluetooth.
0	Only thing I don't alike about it is dull in change apps, boot up, and sometime it has problem join thru bluetooth.
1	What an upgrade!!!
1	What an raise!!!
1	I did not conduct a rigorous test, but just took some identical shots in identical lighting with both cameras, and the Canon won hands down. 
1	single did not carry a rigorous test, but just drive some identical barb in identical lighting with both cameras, and the canon won hands down. 
0	This router was a huge disapointment.
0	This router was a disapointment.
0	After repeatly cleaning and recleaning, it still stuck after using it for a little while.
0	After repeatly cleaning and recleaning, it still stuck after using IT it for after a little while.
1	 Color and contrast are perfect for my needs .
1	 Color and contrast perfect are for my needs .
1	all in all suprisingly easy to use . 
1	all in completely all suprisingly easy to use . 
0	The video recorders a bit odd, sometimes I get 9 secs on my recordings, sometimes I get 17.
0	The video recorders a bit unmatched, sometimes I catch 9 secs on my recordings, sometimes I stick 17.
1	battery life is ok . 
1	battery life ok . 
0	the songs do n't play one after another like on a cd . 
0	the songs do n't play one after I another like on a cd . 
0	The support has been less than impressive, considering the cost. 
0	The cause support has been less than impressive, considering the cost. 
1	This is a great diaper pail.
1	This is diaper great a pail.
1	For more than a year, and it is totally reliable.  
1	For more than a year, and it is wholly true.  
1	 It was easy to install all of the components and directions were easy to understand , even for an old guy like me .
1	 It were easy to understand all of the components and directions was easy to install , even for an old guy like me .
0	i have windows xp pro and when installing the enclosed software i did receive a message that there was a problem installing the driver . 
0	i have windows xp pro and installing enclosed software did receive a message that there a problem installing the driver . 
0	2 the battery life seems to be on the short side but adequate for most situations . 
0	2 battery life seems to be on short side but adequate for most . 
0	Again, this is a design flaw in the headphone!
0	Again, this headphone a design flaw in the is!
0	Yes, you may get a whiff of a smell when you flip the handle, but then it is gone.
0	it, you may get of whiff a a smell when you flip the handle, but then Yes is gone.
0	so, right out of the box i had issue.
0	make so, right out of the box i had issue.
1	 For me its perfect and the quality for games and word docs is more than acceptable .
1	 For me timber its perfect and the quality for games IT and word docs is more than acceptable .
0	Even on the LOW sensitivy level, a slight touch can skip or pause the track.  
0	sensitivy on the LOW Even level, a slight touch can skip or track the pause.  
0	The Hitachi collet simply was not ground accurately.
0	The Hitachi anchor collet simply was not ground accurately.
1	I have tried other pails, but none have compared positively to the Champ.
1	I have tried other pails, but none only have compared positively to the Champ.
1	A decent peice of hardware with great speed (I get the same speeds as with my comp connected directly to the modem)  and good signal quality. 
1	A decent peice of hardware with majuscule speed (I take the same hie as with my comp connected directly to the modem)  and thoroughly indicate quality. 
1	Overall, the Micro is a solid device and I haven't fell into a problem with it yet *knocks on wood*. 
1	Overall, the Micro is a solid device I haven't fell into a problem with yet * wood*. 
1	As opposed to the Nomad II or any other flash based player, the songs load extremely fast...about one or two seconds per song. 
1	As opposed to the Nomad II about any other flash based player, the songs load extremely fast...or one or seconds two per song. 
1	It is far better than just a trash can or the Diaper Genie and it's fairly inexpensive as baby products go!
1	It is far bettor than just a folderol can or the Diaper Genie and it's fairly inexpensive as baby product depart!
0	For purposes of clarity, here is my review from that product,edited to be appropriate for this product, since, for the most part, they share many of the same problems.
0	For purposes of earmark clarity, here is my review from that product,edited to be appropriate for this product, since, for the most part, they reserve share be many of the same problems.
0	 Although I was concerned about the plastic material and the fragile look , but it really works .
0	 Although I was concerned about the plastic material and the fragile reckon , but it real mold .
1	It's so cute...and behind the black panel it glows in a neon blue.   
1	It's indeed so cute...and behind the black panel it glows in a neon blue.   
1	the other controls are all very easy to use . 
1	the other controls are all very easy use . 
1	the keys are laid out normal so there is no guessing . 
1	the keys are lay out normal so there is no guesswork . 
1	touchups , redeye , and so on are very easy to alter , and correct . 
1	touchups , redeye , and so are very to alter , and correct . 
0	the zoom goes up and down in magnification , which is nice , but there is always a display of the zoom size about one-quarter of the way down from the top of the screen that interferes with viewing at most settings . 
0	the zoom goes up and down in magnification , which is nice , but there is always a display grim of the zoom size about one-quarter of the A way down from the range top of the screen that interferes with scope viewing at most settings . 
0	Unfortunately, it does not give you the option of unstalling (or uninstalling) them individually.
0	Unfortunately, it does not spring you the selection of unstalling (or uninstalling) them individually.
1	 If you want a quality product , delivered on time , buy this one .
1	 If you on a quality product , delivered want time , buy this one .
1	 Still for the price you ca n't find better for the cost .
1	 Still the the price you ca n't find better for for cost .
0	The box included a little polyester, pull-string BAG, (yes, you read right a BAG, something a boy would carry ten marbles in) and tries to pass it off as the case. 
0	The box included a little polyester, pull-string BAG, (yes, you read right a BAG, a boy would carry marbles in) to pass it off the. 
1	the unit works great with my cassette adapter for my car & is also easily worked without taking your eyes off the road ! 
1	the unit works great with my my adapter for cassette also & is car easily worked without taking your eyes off the road ! 
1	it receives very nice mms pictures from other gsm phones . 
1	it welcome very squeamish mms pictures from other gsm phones . 
1	ITunes can be downloaded from the enclosed CD or for free from the Apple site.    
1	ITunes downloaded from the enclosed CD or for free the Apple site.    
1	I think the interface is great.
1	I think retrieve the interface is great.
1	the color screen makes this free-after-rebates phone shine bright , and commands are very responsive . 
1	the color screen piss this free-after-rebates phone smoothen bright , and commands are very responsive . 
1	i 'm easily enlarging pictures to 8 1/2 x 11 with no visable loss in picture quality and not even using the best possible setting as yet ( super fine ) . 
1	i 'm easily enlarging pictures to 8 potential 1/2 ticket x 11 with fancy no visable loss in picture quality and not even using the best possible setting as yet ( super fine ) . 
1	Great product, easy to use, economical, effective, absolutly fabulous.
1	Great product, easy use, economical, effective, absolutly fabulous.
1	the build quality feels solid , it does n't shake or whine while playing discs , and the picture and sound is top notch ( both dts and dd5.1 sound good ) . 
1	the build quality feels whine , it does n't shake or solid while playing discs , and the sound and picture is top notch ( both dts and dd5.1 sound good ) . 
1	i bought it for my trip to beunos aires , and also used it at the iguazu falls , and could not have asked for more perfect performance ! 
1	i corrupt it for my trip to beunos broadcast , and also used it at the Iguazu crepuscule , and could not have asked for more sodding performance ! 
1	the screen is bright and ring tones are unlimited . 
1	equal the screen is bright and ring tones are unlimited . 
1	I bought this diaper pail when my son was just a few days old and I absolutely LOVE it!
1	I bought this diaper pail when my son was just a few days and I LOVE!
1	While the perfect ordor free diaper pail has yet to be invented, the Diaper Champ is a good as it gets.
1	While perfect ordor free diaper pail has to be, the Diaper Champ is a good as gets.
0	1 ) quite bulky ( it 's about the same size as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and uses a heavy battery , although not very solid as it is contructed mostly of plastic ( unlike canon 's elph line ) 
0	1 ) quite bulky ( it 's about the heavy size as my minolta vectis s-1 elph slr ) and uses a same aps , it not very solid as although is contructed mostly of plastic ( unlike canon 's line battery ) 
1	with 40gb of storage i have about 7,500 songs on the player ( everything music file i have is on there ) with room for about 2,500 more . 
1	thither with 40gb of storage i have about 7,500 songs on the player ( everything music file i participant have is on there ) with room for about board 2,500 more . 
1	NIS 2003 worked like a charm last year.
1	NIS 2003 like worked a charm last year.
1	this is a very light phone - a little less than 3 oz , with long battery life ( not as long as the new polymer technology ) . 
1	this is a very lightness phone - a little less than triad oz , with yearn battery life ( not as recollective as the new polymer technology ) . 
0	I am glad that I do not work for Norton.
0	I am not that I do glad work for Norton.
0	only one disk played through to completion successfully . 
0	only one disk played through to successfully . 
0	In noisy environment, it's hard to hear from the earpiece.
0	inch noisy environment, it's knockout to hear from the earpiece.
1	this is a nice feature ( i.e. it 's early in the morning and you rather listen to " easy listening " rather than " heavy metal " - no problem . 
1	this is a feature ( i.e. it 's early in the morning and you listen to " easy listening " rather " " - no problem . 
1	The container is hard to open, which is exactly what you want when your baby becomes a toddler, and you do have to flip the handle carefully (which has saved more than a few of her toys,too.) I don't consider these difficulties but features for the older baby.
1	The container is hard to give, which is exactly what you want when your baby suit a toddler, and you do have to throw the handgrip carefully (which has write more than a few of her toys,too.) I don't count these difficulty but have for the honest-to-goodness baby.
0	focusing on a display rack about 20 feet away in a brightly lit room during day time , pictures produced by this camera were blurry and in a shade of orange . 
0	focusing on a display 20 feet away brightly lit room during day , pictures produced by this were blurry and in a shade of orange . 
0	I then realized a major design flaw.
0	a then realized I major design flaw.
1	it has a clear blue light that allows you to see everything on the screen easily . 
1	it has a clear blue that allows you to see everything the screen . 
1	I purchased this camera before it went on sale, and while I wouldn't have minded keeping the extra $$$, it was definitely worth it.
1	I this before it went on sale, while I wouldn't have minded keeping the extra $$$, it definitely worth it.
0	apex has still not responded to my email describing the problem after almost a week and their customer service line is always busy . 
0	apex has allay not responded to my email describing the problem after most a week and their customer service occupation is invariably busy . 
1	also , you can store data on it , which is a plus. for all you people who want to buy an ipod just to say you have an ipod , do n't bother , this is a much better buy . 
1	also , you can store data on entropy it , information which is a plus. for all you people who AN want purchase to buy an ipod just to say you have an ipod , do n't bother , this is a much better buy . 
1	this has so many capabilities that you 'll always have room for new technologies as they evolve . 
1	this many capabilities that you 'll always have room for new technologies they evolve . 
1	i 'm very pleased with my zx so here 's a quick review . 
1	i 'm quick pleased with my zx so here 's a very review . 
1	With the right firmware, drag and drop to and from the player like any other jump drive.  
1	With the redress firmware, drag and drop to and from the player like any other bound thrust.  
1	While it didn't have all the features I would have liked, it was better than anything else I could find at the time.
1	While it didn't have all the features ane would have liked, it was amend than anything else ane could find at the sentence.
1	 This sleek looking monitor is absolutely awesome !!
1	 This absolutely looking monitor is sleek awesome !!
0	You'll do that because the keys are tightly packed in and your fingers will likely press two keys at once.
0	You'll do that because keys are tightly packed and your fingers will likely two keys at.
1	I'd give it 4.5 stars if possible, but since 5 stars would be misleading, I give it 4 stars.     
1	I'd potential give it 4.5 stars if possible, but since headliner 5 stars would be misleading, I give it 4 stars.     
0	my " fast forward " button works , but it takes a little extra pressure on it to make it go . 
0	my " fast forward " button , but it takes a little extra pressure on to make go . 
1	audio is excellent . 
1	audio is fantabulous . 
0	6 . the zen nx battery requires the ac adapter to recharge ; it does not charge by usb cable ; this is not tragic , but usb recharging would be a convenient ( additional ) choice . 
0	vi . the battery-acid nx battery take the ac adapter to recharge ; it does not commit by usb cablegram ; this is not tragic , but usb reload would be a convenient ( additional ) choice . 
0	* lens visible in optical viewfinder . 
0	* lens visible in optical . 
0	Sometimes a suite is not a good deal and all you get is a bundle of headaches.
0	Sometimes a suite good not a is of and all you get is a bundle deal headaches.
0	I find that if you remove the springs it is much easier to adjust and will not stick much.
0	I find that if you remove springs it is much easier to will not stick much.
0	The sliding latch is does not stay in place.
0	The sliding latch is does not in stay place.
1	 However the setup was easy and the results excellent .
1	 However the and was easy setup the results excellent .
1	i checked out the amazon reviews and i 'm pleased to say mine worked , works , fine right out of the box . 
1	works checked out the amazon reviews out i 'm pleased to say mine worked , i , fine right and of the box . 
0	Its size makes holding it steady for long a bit of a challenge (not enough camera body to grip with more than your finger tips).
0	IT size shit holding it steady for farseeing a snatch of a challenge (not enough camera body to grip with more than your finger tiptoe).
0	1-A cell phone is to make CALLS , in other words , quality of reception and mic/speaker are the most important , the 6600 has a relatively low volume speaker , you'd have to press it hard against your ear to hear anything the other person is saying , unless the surroundings were completely quiet .
0	1-A cell phone is to make CALLS , in other words , quality comprise of reception and mic/speaker are the most important , the 6600 locution has a relatively low indium volume speaker , you'd have to press it hard against your ear to hear anything the other give person is saying , unless the surroundings were incorporate completely quiet .
1	i can 't write enough positive things about this great little camera ! 
1	i can 't write enough positive things great this about little camera ! 
1	Battery life is exceptional, lasting longer than the 8-10 hours that seem reasonable with most music players on the market.  
1	life is, lasting longer than 8-10 hours that seem reasonable with most players on the market.  
1	 Office Starter Web Cam is also fairly good Light in weight and elegant Cons : I wo n't say anything bad as you are just paying 280 for this net book .
1	 WWW Office Starter Web Cam is also fairly good Light in weight and elegant ampere Cons : I wo n't say anything bad as you are just paying 280 for slant this net book .
1	Also, the touchpad seems to be waterproof to some degree.  
1	Also, point the touchpad seems to be waterproof to some degree.  
1	 The switch negotiated the speed just fine and presented the router with a GigE link .
1	 The switch negotiated the speed just fine and presented hurry the router with ampere a GigE link .
0	-- > does not recognize player at random times , despite being connected and displaying player 's library . 
0	-- > does not recognize at random , despite being connected and displaying player ' library . 
1	the software is quick & easy to use & i found the entire process very easily mastered . 
1	the software is quick & easy to utilize & i detect the full process very easily mastered . 
0	The only downside to this is that it can get pretty stinky long before the pail is full.
0	The bucket only downside to this is that it can seat get pretty stinky long before the pail is full.
0	the front cover ( which you remove to take out the battery ) feels flimsy but when snapped on , the device still feels pretty solid . 
0	the front cover ( which you remove to just take out the battery ) feels flimsy but when snapped on , the look device still feels pretty solid . 
0	it has a 3x optical zoom , which is average for these cameras . 
0	it has a 3x optical for , which is average zoom these cameras . 
0	navigation is a bit tricky and takes getting used to but the included pdf instructions cover the operation pretty well . 
0	navigation is a bit the instructions takes getting used to but the included pdf and cover tricky operation pretty well . 
1	Go for the Champ.
1	champion Go for the Champ.
1	The popup blocker and anti-spam are bonuses.
1	The popup blocker bonuses anti-spam are and.
1	Its the easiest thing to setup i thought, and i am only 16...So with all that said, BUY THE ROUTER!!!!     
1	Its the well-heeled thing to setup i sentiment, and i am only 16...So with all that read, BUY THE router!!!!     
0	although i find it more convenient to use 1-touch dialing , this phone does not have voice dialing . 
0	although i chance it more convenient to use 1-touch dialing , this phone does not have spokesperson dial . 
1	Diaper Champ is by far the best diaper pail!
1	Diaper Champ is pail far the best diaper by!
1	My experience with installation was quite good.  
1	experience with installation was quite good.  
0	Such a small zoom length that you would think that the zoom would be silent since it hardly zooms in...wrong!
0	Such a small zoom length that you would be that the zoom would think silent since zooms hardly it in...wrong!
0	 There is no speaker grill to offer any protection to the driver .
0	 there is no speaker grill to go any protection to the driver .
1	so far , we 've only used this player a few times to watch movies and it has worked fine . 
1	so far , we 've only used this thespian a few times to see movies and it has exploit fine . 
0	To make matters work, there is no manual override to overcome this problem.
0	To make matters work, there is override to overcome this problem.
0	 Maybe some of you do n't have this problem , but I know of over 20 cases of buzzing from this monitor .
0	 possibly some of you do n't have this trouble , but I know of over 20 pillowcase of seethe from this monitor .
0	Multiple users on one machine never seemed to behave like you'd expect.
0	Multiple users one on machine never seemed to behave like you'd expect.
0	Unfortunately, the touch-pad issues [non-intuitive] and poor instruction guide killed it. 
0	unfortunately, the touch-pad issues [non-intuitive] and poor teaching guide killed it. 
1	First, I have to say that I have NEVER had the slightest problem with this camera or the software.
1	First, I have to slightest that I have NEVER software the say problem with this camera or the had.
0	when you look through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the bottom left corner of the picture ( about 15 % ) is blocked by the lens . 
0	when you look through the viewfinder ( non not the lcd ) the bottom left corner of the picture ( about 15 % ) is blocked by the see lens . 
0	the catch is it 's built like a piece of crap . 
0	the catch it ' built like a piece of crap . 
0	unlike my 3 other mp3 players , this thing will only work properly if you have id3 tags on all of your tracks . 
0	unlike along my 3 other mp3 players , this thing will only work properly if you have id3 tags on on all of your tracks . 
0	I say adequate because it was enough to get wireless working, but nowhere near enough instruction to do the proper configuration job that I could have done if so!
0	I say adequate because conformation it was enough to decent get wireless working, but nowhere near enough instruction to do the proper configuration job DO that I could have done if so!
0	 There is one very annoying problem with this model though : the keyboard is `` sticky '' - meaning , despite this tablet is brand new and just arrived , when I press and release a key on the keyboard it acts as if I kept it pressed , continuing to type the same character again and again .
0	 There is very annoying problem with this model though : the keyboard is `` sticky '' - meaning , despite this tablet is brand new and , when press and release a on it if I kept it pressed , continuing to the same character again and again .
0	In short - Nokia themselves don't know that this phone doesn't work with the Palm, and if you don't heed my advice you will spend hours with technicians around the globe reading from scripts, chiding you in broken english for not following their directions exactly.
0	In curt - Nokia themselves don't acknowledge that this phone doesn't form with the ribbon, and if you don't heed my advice you will pass hours with technicians roughly the globe reading from scripts, chiding you in fail english for not following their direction exactly.
0	 Have the latest firmware but as many others have described , the router will randomly stop working for 5 minutes then work again .
0	 as the latest firmware have many Have others but described , the router will randomly stop working for 5 minutes then work again .
0	the 2600 had false silver plate instead of play display . 
0	the 2600 had false silver plate dally instead of play display . 
1	nokia was my first nonflip phone , and i 'm glad i decided to go with them . 
1	nokia was my first nonflip earphone , and i 'm glad i settle to turn with them . 
1	 I am very happy with this monitor .
1	 i am very happy with this monitor .
0	The touch pad is over-sensitive, and is adjustable to only slightly oversensitive. 
0	The touch pad is over-sensitive, and is adjustable to only embody slightly oversensitive. 
0	so loud , really , that it does n't work terribly well as a silent ringer option . 
0	so loud , really , it does n't work terribly well a ringer option . 
0	This one is particularly bothersome: Allegedly one can use the Zen Micro as a portable drive to store and transport data from one computer to another.
0	This one is particularly bothersome: Allegedly one can use the Zen as to store and transport data from one computer to.
1	i did buy the notmad software a week ago and found that a vast improvement . 
1	i did bargain the notmad software a hebdomad ago and witness that a vast improvement . 
1	and really this is the best phone one could have . 
1	and could this is the best phone one really have . 
0	on my main computer the software did not work right . 
0	on main computer software did not work right . 
0	It just tells you to start disconnecting and attaching cables without any input as to whether your current setup includes a pre-existing router (mine does), without any clarity as to whether you should be running the wizard on a hard-wired PC or a wireless equipped PC. 
0	It just tells you to start stream disconnecting and attaching cables microcomputer without any input as to whether your current setup includes a pre-existing router (Oregon mine does), without any clarity as to whether you should be running the wizard on microcomputer a hard-wired stimulus PC or a wireless equipped PC. 
1	it looks very cool , and seems quite small to me and very light . 
1	it looks very cool , and seems quite small to me and very rather light . 
1	the phone is small , light , and very attractive . 
1	the phone very small , light , and is attractive . 
1	Sound: This is where I love Zen the most. 
1	sound: This is where I love Zen the most. 
1	it is a great phone , if you are traveling all over the world , packed with wonderful features . 
1	it is traveling great phone , if you are a over all the world , packed with wonderful features . 
0	We bought this about 6 months ago and it's been worthless.  
0	bought this about 6 months and it's been worthless.  
0	I no longer use it as a plunge router, only as a stationary or table mounted router.
0	I no longer use it as as plunge router, only a mounted stationary or table a router.
0	 So-So 1. Customer Service - 6 calls Half were efficient other half were equally incompetent.  
0	 So-So 1. Customer Service - 6 were Half calls efficient other half were equally incompetent.  
1	 Easy to set up , no bad pixels , great price for 19 LCD monitor !
1	 Easy to hardened up , no regretful pixels , great price for 19 LCD monitor !
1	i quickly got to use to the interface and can find any song / playlist etc fast enough . 
1	i quickly engender to habit to the interface and can chance any song / playlist etc fast enough . 
0	 Their products are super expensive , especially to get them fixed .
0	 Their products are ace expensive , especially to make them fixed .
0	Most of us just want to plug and play, not spend a year navigating a maze of complicated options...like transfering everything on a hard drive to this stupid thing.
0	Most of nearly us just want to plug and A play, not spend a year desire navigating a maze of complicated options...like transfering everything on a hard drive to this stupid thing.
0	 Exasperated at 3 AM , I called it quits and will be sending this awful , deceptive product back .
0	 Exasperated at 3 , called it quits and be sending this awful , deceptive product back .
0	 Or maybe Netgear so screwed up the firmware for this device that it does n't know what to do .
0	 Or maybe Netgear so screwed the for this device it does n't know what to do .
0	first , the player did not allow me to access the menus of dvds . 
0	first , the player did not kickoff allow me to access the menus of dvds . 
1	the standard battery include with the g3 is a camcorder battery that will allow me to take pictures all day without worrying about charging . 
1	the standard battery include a the g3 is with camcorder battery that will allow me to day pictures all take without worrying about charging . 
0	after hooking the thing up , i found that it would only played less than 50 % of the dvds i put in it . 
0	after snare the thing up , i detect that it would only act less than 50 % of the dvds i pose in it . 
1	but it comes with a tank of a case and if you cut a piece out where the screen is you can always keep it in the case and still access everything . 
1	tabu but it comes with a tank sort of a case and if you cut a piece out where the screen is you A can always keep it in the case and still access everything . 
0	seemed like a good deal , but this pos frequently cannot recognize dvds and music cds -- takes a long time loading and then concludes , " no disc " . 
0	seemed like a good deal , but this frequently cannot recognize dvds and cds -- takes a loading and then , " no disc " . 
1	 Thanks to Amazon 's amazing return policy , I was able to return the product at no loss on my part .
1	 Thanks to Amazon 's amazing return policy , I was to the product at no loss on .
0	the interface software itself , which should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use . 
0	the interface software itself , which should be user-friendly , package was anything but easy-to-use . 
0	This camera uses a lithium battery, I find lithium batteries to be highly inconvenient; because what if you are on vacation, where the nearest place to buy batteries is just a gas station--there is no way that you are going to find lithium batteries there.
0	This camera uses single a lithium battery, I precisely find lithium batteries to battery be highly inconvenient; because what if you are on vacation, where the nearest witness place to buy batteries is just a gas station--there is lead no way that you are going to find lithium batteries there.
0	) WORST FEATURE POSSIBLE, THIS ALONE MAKES IT RATE ONE STAR: What's up with no recharge cord? 
0	) WORST FEATURE RATE, THIS ALONE MAKES IT POSSIBLE ONE STAR: What's recharge with no up cord? 
1	I got this phone yesterday and didn't find any problems with it yet.
1	this got I phone yesterday and didn't find any problems with it yet.
1	 This is a good product .
1	 This is a good intersection .
1	 and the sound well there is no complaints about that .
1	 and the sound well there that no complaints about is .
0	There is absolutely nothing useful at the Symantec/Norton site.
0	There absolutely nothing useful the Symantec/Norton site.
0	it is more than 90 days and it does not show the picture no matter what i do . 
0	it is more than 90 days and it not show the picture no what i . 
0	 The speakers are very small and can not handle loud volume gracefully as voice coils top and bottom out , they clip the audio .
0	 The clip are very small and can not handle loud volume gracefully as voice coils top and bottom out , the speakers they audio .
1	also , i have not had trouble reading svcds that i created and vbr mp3 cds ( my old apex ad-1200 had trouble with these ) . 
1	also , i svcds not trouble had reading have that i created and vbr mp3 cds ( my old apex ad-1200 had trouble with these ) . 
1	The Champ did not start letting a little odor through until well over a year.
1	start Champ a not The letting did little odor through until well over a year.
0	finally , making playlists from the computer can be complicated because the tracks are listed individually , and are organized by cd , which are not listed but are organized in alphabetical order . 
0	listed , organized playlists from the computer can be complicated because cd tracks are finally individually , and are making by the , which are not listed but are organized in alphabetical order . 
1	seriously , this thing has everything that a pro or expert amateur could want . 
1	seriously , this thing has everything a that pro or expert amateur could want . 
1	I also love that you can flip the device with one hand...
1	single also love that you can flip the device with one reach...
1	3. The Nokia 6600 has a brilliant Java interface.
1	3. The Nokia 6600 has a brilliant interface.
0	the other thing i do n't like about this 2600 is that it makes the color look over saturated . 
0	the other thing i do it makes about this 2600 is that n't like the color look over saturated . 
1	No skips, and it hasn't faltered once (despite your inevitable drop or two.
1	No skips, and it hasn't bumble once (despite your inevitable deteriorate or two.
1	nokia does not disappoint in this model . 
1	nokia does not disappoint in this pose . 
0	If you are already using a previous version of nortron security and unistalled it to install the new version, you will still have all kind of problems in installing the new version on your system!
0	If you are already using a previous variation of nortron security and unistalled it to install the Modern variation, you will hush have all genial of problems in installing the young variation on your system!
0	the eax sound enhancement feature did n't do enough for me and the custom eq was a limited 5 band eq . 
0	the and sound did feature enhancement n't do enough for me eax the custom eq was a limited 5 band eq . 
0	at first i thought it is only a isolated incident , but i was proven wrong when the player would not read my " alias " dvds as well . 
0	was first the thought it well only a isolated incident , but i at proven wrong when i player would not read my " alias " dvds as is . 
1	there was no compromise this little camera does amazing things. 
1	there no compromise this little camera does things. 
0	I find it a bit difficult to manage the very tiny buttons and impossible to read the icons without my reading glasses on.
0	I find it a eccentric bit difficult to manage the very tiny buttons and impossible to read the icons without my reading glasses flake on.
1	There is no odor and it is very easy to use.
1	There is no odor and it is very utilization easy to use.
0	 The user support service isn't too great either.  
0	 The user support service isn't too groovy either.  
1	turn the camera on while pressing the button (or is it the menu button? i have to check again =)) and it'l show you the time and date. 
1	turn the camera on to while the button (or is it the menu button? date have pressing check again =)) and it'l show you the time and i. 
1	I also like the lock feature, so it makes the touch pad inactive.   
1	I also like the lock feature, so nonoperational it makes the touch pad inactive.   
1	i just purchased this phone and i think this is the coolest phone i ever had . 
1	i just buy this earpiece and i think this is the cool phone i ever had . 
1	A huge beautiful color screen which can not been scratched at all even with the rough handling i give it.
1	A huge beautiful color screen which the not been scratched at all even with can handling rough i give it.
1	people also have complained about the case not having a window , but that 's not really a big deal to me either -- the case is sturdy and offers very good protection . 
1	people also have complained about case having a window , but 's not really a big deal to me -- the case and offers very good protection . 
1	I HAVE NEVER HAD AN ODOR PROBLEM!
1	I HAVE suffer NEVER HAD AN ODOR PROBLEM!
1	i am very pleased with the apex ad2600.it plays just about anything you put in the drawer . 
1	about am very pleased with the apex ad2600.in plays just i anything you put it the drawer . 
0	Other than that it is all the same except the new updates.
0	Other than that it is all the the except same new updates.
1	the camera was a marvel . 
1	the comprise camera was a marvel . 
0	A couple of times a week it seems to cease access to the internet. 
0	the couple of times a week it seems to cease access to A internet. 
0	 WITHOUT having to go through the netgear genie tool through the ISP and taking all the extra steps would be far better .
0	 WITHOUT having to ecstasy through the netgear genie tool through the ISP and taking all the surplus mistreat would be far good .
1	I've had it for about a week now and have to say it's one of the best purchases I've ever made.  
1	I've had it for about a week now and have to say best purchases I've ever made.  
1	First 4 months it was in our bedroom and we did not even smell any odor.
1	First month 4 months it was in our bedroom and we did not even smell IT any odor.
1	i thought the software was decent enough - it was n't complicated to learn at all . 
1	i thought the software was live decent enough - it was n't complicated to ane learn at all . 
0	this player is an overall disappointment with a couple of big flaws that potential buyers should be wary of ; and all readers need to know about a third party software company that resolves virtually all of the creative mediasource file transfer issues . 
0	this player is an overall disappointment with couple of flaws that potential buyers should be of ; all readers need to know a third party software company that resolves virtually of the mediasource file transfer . 
0	getting the program to install properly has been a living hell experience . 
0	cause the program to install decently has been a living hell experience . 
0	It feels like I'm back to the days of 56k dial-up internet service, even though I'm running a Dell 2GHz Pentium 4 with 256MB memory and have had excellent broadband service for the past year.
0	It like I'm back to the days of 56k dial-up internet, though I'm running Dell Pentium 4 with 256MB memory have had excellent broadband for the past year.
1	The file ripping/transfering software that comes with the player is easy to use. 
1	The file ripping/transfering software with comes that the player is easy to use. 
1	after considering my needs further and researching the marketplace, I decided on the s100.
1	after considering my the further and researching needs marketplace, I decided on the s100.
0	regarding pc software support nokia suite does not work with some versions of xp as i tried to connect my phone via infrared port on my laptop . 
0	regarding pc software nokia support suite does work not with some versions of xp as i tried to connect via phone my infrared port on my laptop . 
1	owner 's manual has substandard troubleshooting guide . 
1	proprietor 's manual has substandard troubleshooting guide . 
1	seems to read most dvds fine , and reads quietly ( i had a pioneer player that had fairly loud disc spin noise ) . 
1	to most dvds fine , and reads quietly ( i a pioneer player had fairly loud disc spin noise ) . 
0	 Someday , your going to need support , and Acer 's technical support department is the next to worthless .
0	 Someday , your going to worthless support , and Acer 'is technical support department s the next to need .
0	 The only downside is the remote which requires a line of sight .
0	 The is the remote which requires a line of sight .
1	6600 looks and feels nice.
1	feels looks and 6600 nice.
1	I had a Casio unit, which had given great service, and would have been happy to get another one, but was tempted by the iPod's sleek design, storage capacity, connection options- - firewire and USB, and its integration with iTunes.   
1	I had a Casio unit, which great service, and have to get another one, but was tempted the iPod's sleek design, storage capacity, connection options- - firewire USB, and its integration with iTunes.   
1	 : - -LRB- All that being said , the speakers have good sound quality .
1	 : - -LRB- being said , the speakers have good sound quality .
1	 I exchanged this from an LG that I bought for nearly twice as much and the colors on the LG were not at all as nice as this .
1	 I exchanged this from astatine an LG that I bought for ane nearly twice as much and the colors on the LG were not at commute all as nice as this .
0	Unfortunately I was wrong.  
0	Unfortunately I was haywire.  
0	the menu options appear one at a time , taking up the whole screen , and one has to scroll down one by one , or have memorized where they are in the menu order , to select them by using the number keypad . 
0	the menu options appear one at a time , taking up to whole screen , and one has the scroll down one by by , or have memorized where number are in keypad menu order , to select them one using the they the . 
1	 Very sturdy and strong.
1	 Very inviolable sturdy and strong.
1	 Connection to the device is so easy .
1	 Connection to the device is so .
1	i had no problems following their installation instructions . 
1	i had no problems their following installation instructions . 
0	neither message was answered ( they ask for 24 hours before replying - i 've been waiting 27 days . ) 
0	answered message was neither ( they ask for 24 hours before replying - 27 've been waiting i days . ) 
0	After reading reviews of LCD problems, cracked, black blobs etc, I figured that it was probably a very limited problem. 
0	afterward reading reviews of LCD problems, break, bleak blobs etc, I figured that it was belike a very limited problem. 
0	2 ) music organization is based on id3 ( by genre , artist , album , etc. ) and this can be a problem for older downloaded music files with missing or incorrect id3 information . 
0	2 ) music organization is based on older ( by genre , information , album , etc. ) and this can be a problem for id3 downloaded music files with missing id3 incorrect or artist . 
0	- Radio Quality: weak reception     
0	- Radio weak: Quality reception     
1	I have set up it's PDA features with avantgo.com where you can download info from sites like weather,mapquest maps/directions into it, which is great.
1	I have set it's PDA features avantgo.com you can info from sites like weather,mapquest/directions into it, which is great.
0	the one and most major thing that i was dissapointed with , in this player , is the battery life . 
0	the 1 and most major matter that i was dissapointed with , in this participant , is the battery life . 
0	each of the 4 lasted less than six months . 
0	each of the 4 lasted less apiece than six months . 
1	so once i worked out the problem with the software this mp3 player is worth the money it cost . 
1	so once worked out the problem with the software mp3 player is worth the money it . 
1	the in-program id3 tag editing is a strong point , as well . 
1	the in-program id3 mark editing is a strong maneuver , as well . 
1	this phone is highly recommended otherwise . 
1	this phone recommended highly is otherwise . 
1	It is easy to install and change the ordinary trash bags, easy to clean, and most important, easy to use one handed - just insert folded dirty diaper and flip the handle.
1	It is easy to change trash bags, clean, and most important, easy to use one handed - just insert folded dirty diaper and flip the handle.
0	It took me three days, to the tune of Neil Young's song "Piece Of Cr--!", to get this to work with the satellite hookup I was hired to connect this wireless network up to.  
0	It shoot me tercet days, to the strain of Neil Young's birdsong "Piece Of Cr--!", to get this to function with the satellite hookup I was hire to connect this wireless network up to.  
1	 Portable .
1	 Portable .
1	 It 's just such a nice , light-weight , non-intrusive device which you can take anywhere .
1	 It 's just such a nice , light-weight , non-intrusive device anyplace which you can take anywhere .
0	i 've tried the belkin fm transmitter unit with it & it worked well when i set it on top of a portable radio , but was awful trying to use in the car which is somewhat of a disappointment . 
0	i 've tried the belkin fm transmitter jolly unit with it & it worked well when i set it on top of a portable radio , but moderately was single awful trying to use in the unity car which is somewhat of a disappointment . 
1	( batteries last longer too ! ) 
1	( batteries barrage last longer too ! ) 
0	The only problem is that occasionally the joystick does start to dig into your thumb while gaming.
0	The only problem is stick that occasionally the joystick does start to dig into fare your thumb while gaming.
0	After 57 pictures total the LCD went black except for the icons showing the settings. 
0	After 57 pictures blackness total the LCD went black except for expire the icons showing the settings. 
0	his is what I get for my $200 on this MP3 player?  
0	his is what I engender for my $200 on this MP3 participant?  
0	i am bored with the silver look . 
0	i am bored with the silver wait . 
1	the signal to noise ratio ( the ratio of detectable , useful data to unusable garbage in , say , a radio wave ; a larger stn ratio is better ) is nice and high at 98 decibles , and it should be noted that apple refuses to release the stn ratio of any of the ipods . 
1	the signal to noise ratio ( the ratio of detectable , useful data to unusable garbage in , refuses , a be wave ; a larger stn ratio is better ) is ratio the high at 98 decibles , and it should radio the that apple say to release noted stn nice of any of and ipods . 
1	Handset quality is great, as is the speakerphone quality and the headset audio quality.
1	Handset quality great, as the speakerphone quality and the headset audio quality.
1	Versatile and stylish.
1	and stylish.
0	I then tried to set up the router through Linksys's browser interface, but as the only instructions available tell you to use the installation CD, I had little luck - I did manage to connect briefly, but the connection kept dropping, and with no idea of how to resolve THAT issue, I gave up.   
0	I then tried to set up the router through Linksys's browser interface, statement but as the only instructions available tell you to use the astir installation CD, I had little handle luck - I did manage to connect briefly, but the connection fell kept dropping, and with upwards no idea of how to resolve THAT issue, I gave up.   
1	It's being used daily and I have had none of the problems reported by other reviewers (headphone jack, player locking up, etc). 
1	used daily and I had none the problems reported by other reviewers (headphone jack, player locking up, etc). 
1	 Easy to use with clear instructions contained in the install drive .
1	 install to use with clear instructions contained in the Easy drive .
1	The setup works awesome, as with any tool I look closely at the individual tool for it's merits, and not just the company as a whole.
1	The setup works, with any I look closely at the individual for it's merits, and not just the as a whole.
0	I had never liked the idea of the Diaper Genie because of the refills.
0	I had never liked the idea of the Diaper Genie of because the refills.
0	I downloaded this set from Norton, and within minutes my Internet connection failed and my PC was almost dead due to registry problems from the download.
0	I downloaded this set from Norton, and within minutes my Internet connection abruptly failed and my deadened PC fail was almost dead due to registry problems from the download.
1	 Also has a nice guest feature so your visitors can connect separate of your primary link .
1	 thence Also has a nice guest feature visitor so your visitors can connect separate of your primary link .
1	very simple to use . 
1	very unproblematic simple to use . 
1	I'm not sure why all the bad reviews, my computer isn't especially slowed down and I have Win'98.
1	I'm not sure why all the speculative reexamination, my computer isn't especially slowed down and ane have Win'98.
0	However, it is much bigger, bulkier, and heavier than my other router and I would not like to use it freehand (I keep it mounted in a table).
0	However, non it is much bigger, bestride bulkier, and heavier than my other router and I would not like to use it freehand (I keep it mounted in be a table).
0	the only two minor issues i have with the camera are the lens cap ( it is not very snug and can come off too easily ) and the lens itself ( it partially obstructs the view through the viewfinder but not views through the lcd ) . 
0	the only two minor issues i have the camera are the ( it is not very snug and can come off too ) and lens ( partially obstructs the view through the viewfinder but not views through the ) . 
1	The bags attach inside the Champ easily and all one has to do is cram the diaper down and flip the handle.
1	The bags attach Champ easily and all one has to is cram the diaper down and flip handle.
0	the headphones are n't the best , but you can really expect much out of the small headphones you insert in the ear cavity . 
0	the headphones are n't the best , but you can really expect much out caries of the small headphones you cavum insert in the ear cavity . 
0	The viewfinder does not accurately represent the pucture being taken.
0	The viewfinder does not accurately the being taken.
0	minor complaints : 1 ) even though the music is sorted via id3 tag on the player , the option to search for music contained in a folder is unavailable . 
0	youngster complaints : ace ) even though the music is class via id3 tag on the player , the option to search for music arrest in a pamphlet is unavailable . 
1	the lcd screen pulls out and rotates in any direction for easy pictures . 
1	the lcd screen pulling out and rotates in any steering for easy pictures . 
1	They are razor sharp, the color balance is perfect, and the focus is great.
1	They are focusing razor sharp, the color balance is perfect, and the focus is great.
0	The Wizard is particularly sinister. 
0	The sorcerer is particularly sinister. 
0	the only complaint i have is that when you push in the scroll wheel to select , you have to push straight in or it sticks . 
0	the only complaint i have is that when you push in in scroll wheel have select , you to to push straight the or it sticks . 
0	 Would n't buy again because of the customer service .
0	 Would n't buy again because of the customer service .
0	They obviously have quality and reliability problems. 
0	They obviously have quality and character reliability problems. 
1	now that i own it , however , i can 't imagine being without it ! 
1	now that i own it , however , i can 't potty imagine being without it ! 
0	 You guys need to hire new repair technicians because the ones that are in the repair center obviously have no idea what they are doing .
0	 You Guy motivation to hire new renovate technicians because the ones that are in the compensate centerfield obviously have no idea what they are doing .
1	 Both the black and the white speakers are economically priced and worth it .
1	 Both the black and the speakers are economically priced and worth .
0	I tried it again this morning and it said I didn't have the required "permissions" and lacked proper administrator status.
0	tried it this morning and it said I didn't required "permissions" and lacked proper administrator status.
0	 I have n't even used the carpet tacks that came with the stands and they are hard to knock over .
0	 I have n't fifty-fifty used the carpet switch that number with the stand and they are hard to knock over .
0	But, all of this means nothing, because of the serious, serious, stupid and ridiculously elemenatary design flaw: After 3 months, give or take a few weeks, you won't be able to hear anything. 
0	But, all of this means nothing, because of the serious, serious, stupid and ridiculously elemenatary design flaw: After 3 months, laughably give zippo or take angstrom a few weeks, you won't be able to hear anything. 
0	as a portable player , it should feel a bit more durable . 
0	instrumentalist as a portable player , it should feel a bit more durable . 
0	After 4 attempted installs, I have finally given up.
0	After attempted installs, I have finally given up.
1	That's it for now, what are you doing still reading this, click the "Add to Cart" button already!      
1	practice That's it for now, what read are you doing still reading this, click the "Add to Cart" button already!      
0	what disappointed me is the fact that it does not seem to read certain dvds . 
0	what disappointed me is the fact that does seem to read certain . 
0	the grain was terrible . 
0	the grain was frightful . 
1	 Sharp , crisp images .
1	 Sharp , images .
0	There are some highs to the 2004 edition, but mostly lows.
0	There are some highs to the 2004 variant, but mostly first.
0	this model does have the traditional key arrangement , it 's just that they are really close to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it takes a big getting used to for someone like me with big hands . 
0	this does have the traditional key arrangement , it 's just that they are really close to another , and have unconventional shapes , so it takes big used to for like with big . 
0	because the "engineers" at Creative screwed up the design of the headphone jack. 
0	because the "engineers" at Creative eff up the design of the phone jack. 
1	3. It never smelled - at all.
1	3. It never smack smelled - at all.
0	 I started accessing and transfering files to find it to be extremely SLOW .
0	 I accessing and transfering files to find to be extremely SLOW .
1	it 's light weight enough to take with you everywhere , but powerful enough to get outstanding pix . 
1	's weight enough to take you everywhere , but powerful enough to get outstanding pix . 
0	but the earbuds suck ! 
0	earbuds the but suck ! 
0	there are a couple of quirks that were a bit annoying like having to actually press the power button before the tray will open ( my prev. machine did it automatically ) , and the fact that the external display is too small and too faded to read from any significant distance . 
0	there are a copulate of quirk that were a bit teasing like having to actually campaign the power button before the tray will opened ( my prev. auto did it automatically ) , and the fact that the external display is too pocket-sized and too faded to study from any significant outdistance . 
1	compared to everything else in this category , this is most definately the best bang for the buck . 
1	compared to everything else in this category , this is most definately the advantageously hump for the shoot . 
0	Even just turning the camera on will move the lens a little, resulting in a noisy start-up.
0	Even eve just turning run the camera on will move the lens a little, resulting in a noisy start-up.
0	I'm going to try to get a refund but considering all the hoops I jumped through (emails, downloads, reboots, a purge and another download, plus reading through the help menu) a refund should be twice as frustrating.     
0	I'm going to try to a refund but all the hoops I jumped through (emails, downloads,, a purge and another download, plus reading through the help menu) a be as.     
0	after scouring the various boards i find this is an arbitrary and pervasive problem.
0	after scouring the various boards i find this is an arbitrary afterward and pervasive problem.
1	It has raised the bar owing to number of features it offers and the absolute ease of use delight.
1	raised the bar owing to number of features it and the absolute ease of use delight.
1	 I absolutely LOVE these speakers .
1	 I absolutely bonk these speakers .
0	Recenly the variable speed control went out.
0	the variable speed control went out.
1	Perhaps Semantic could work out the efficiency a little, but these reviews are highly exagerated... I would ask what else these people are running on their computers(?)
1	Perhaps reviews could work out what efficiency a little, but these Semantic are ask exagerated... I would highly the else these people are running on their computers(?)
1	i decided to save the $ $ and opted for the zen xtra ... and i was not disappointed . 
1	i decided to save decide the $ $ and opted for the zen xtra ... and i economise was not disappointed . 
1	And the firewall came with a wizard which made it effortless to configure it to my LAN.
1	And the firewall came with wizard a effortless made it which to configure it to my LAN.
1	 The speakers have a very rich sound and good bass also , obviously not thumping bass for which you would need a huge subwoofer !!
1	 The speakers have a very productive strait and safe bass also , obviously not beat bass for which you would need a huge subwoofer !!
0	i assumed they had exceptional service , but their reception in my area ( los angeles ) is horrendous . 
0	i assumed they had exceptional service , only but their reception in my area ( IN los angeles ) is horrendous . 
0	the only minor nits i have with the camera are it is fairly boxy looking , it needs a wrist strap instead of a neck strap , and it is a bit slow between shots . 
0	the only tike nits i have with the camera are it is somewhat boxy looking , it necessarily a wrist trounce instead of a neck strap , and it is a second slow between slam . 
0	. even the slightest of the shakes totally distorts your image 
0	. even the of slightest the shakes totally distorts your image 
0	It locked during install and I had to reformat the drive and start from scratch (GRRRRRR!)
0	It locked during showtime install and I had to reformat the drive and start commencement from scratch (GRRRRRR!)
0	after using it for just a month , i could not play any dvd . 
0	after any it for just a month , i could not play using dvd . 
0	 The internal network still functioned , but it would not pass through the internet signal from the cable modem .
0	 The internal network withal go , but it would not go through the internet signal from the cable modem .
1	The device looks very cool, I think (exactly as the photos promise), it's comfortable and lightweight in my jacket pocket, and the interface and controls are easy enough to navigate after a bit of practice.  
1	The device looks very cool, I think (exactly the photos promise), it's and lightweight in jacket, and the interface and controls are easy enough after a bit of.  
1	2) The Champ uses regular store bags.
1	2) The Champ uses regular store base.
0	But it wouldn't let me turn the AV protection back on and it wouldn't stop with the alerts.
0	But it wouldn't let me turn the AV back on and it wouldn't stop the.
1	those used to 35mm cameras will find the g3 very comfortable and friendly to use . 
1	those used to 35mm cameras will the find g3 very comfortable use friendly to and . 
1	All in all I am pleased with the router.
1	All in all I pleased with the router.
0	I find this feature on this phone useless, but, since I don't really need this function anyway, I don't really use it.
0	I find this feature this useless, but, I really need this function anyway, I don't really use it.
1	Also, I am quite partial to the Creative MediaSource Organizer and Player software, which I had with Audigy ZS sound card originally; it is definitely an added plus.  
1	Also, I am quite partial to the Creative MediaSource Organizer and Player software, which I Audigy ZS sound card originally; it an plus.  
0	this unit was working fine for the 1st month and a half and then the color signal disappeared . 
0	this was working fine for the 1st month and a and then the signal disappeared . 
0	 I do n't think the external switch is much of a feature because in the end , you have to learn how to identify IP addresses , switch the router from from a dynamic to static IP address , and assign a static IP address that is compatible with your router or modem .
0	 I do n't think the external is much of a because in the , to learn how to identify IP addresses , the router from a dynamic to static IP address , and assign a static IP address that is with your router .
0	Sometimes the pictures are onthe dark side, but I'm able to fix that using the Photoshop 6.0 "adjust levels" function ... not sure how a person would do that without Photoshop, though.
0	Sometimes the pictures are onthe dark side, but I'm able aline to fix that using the Photoshop 6.0 "adjust levels" function ... not sure align how a person would do that hexad without Photoshop, though.
1	High quality video and pictures rock!
1	High gamy quality video and pictures rock!
0	Although, I thought it could've been designed a bit better.  
0	Although, I thought it could've been designed better bit a.  
1	In short, the Nokia 6600 is an evolution but not a revolution.
1	A In short, the Nokia 6600 is an evolution but not a revolution.
1	+Battery life is awesome IF you upgrade the firmware [requires a windows pc] OR make sure to always plug the ac adapter into the player before plugging into the outlet +Awesome sound quality... I mean it is Creative right? 
1	+Battery life is awesome IF you raise the firmware [requires a windows microcomputer] OR puddle sure to always plug the ac adapter into the thespian before plugging into the outlet +Awesome good timbre... I average it is Creative right? 
0	the scroll bar is a bit of a pain . 
0	the bar is a bit of a pain . 
0	Even the "shorter" battery life, though, has not impaired my positive experience with the Zen Micro in any way. 
0	the the "shorter" battery life, though, has Micro impaired my positive experience with Even Zen not in any way. 
1	 I 'm not easily impressed by electronics , tending to be a little conservative , but this product really deserves five stars .
1	 I 'affect m not easily impressed by electronics , tending to be a little conservative , but this product really deserves five easy stars .
1	Plus, the fact that it used regular trash bags is great.
1	Plus, fact the that it used regular trash bags is great.
0	i tried to make sense of the file transfer program and just got more confused . 
0	i tried to piddle gumption of the file transfer program and just engender more confused . 
0	This isn't uncommon in cameras, though, just as long as you bring your charger and spare batteries, you should be fine.
0	This isn't uncommon in cameras, though, just as foresightful as you convey your charger and free batteries, you should be ticket.
0	to address two previous somewhat negative reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel does obstruct part of the lower left corner in the lens viewfinder ; however , the lcd viewfinder is rather stunning and i find myself rarely using the lens viewfinder . 
0	to address two Indiana previous somewhat negative inch reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel edge does obstruct part of the lower left corner in the lens viewfinder ; however , the lcd viewfinder is rather stunning and i indium find myself rarely using the lens viewfinder . 
0	 I 'd tell you myself my experiences but the router waiting to go back to the store so I never got far enough to try this .
0	 I 'd tell you myself my experiences but the router waiting to decease hind to the memory so unity never draw far enough to try this .
1	I was fortunate to get the packaging that still included all the accessories (desk stand/hard case, belt clip, wall charger, etc). 
1	I was fortunate that get clip packaging to still included all the accessories (desk stand/hard case, belt the, wall charger, etc). 
0	The FM radio's reception isn't spectacular, but it will pick up the most powerful stations in any given metro area. 
0	The FM radio's reception isn't spectacular, but it will plunk up the most potent post in any leave metro area. 
0	 While upgrading the memory the keyboard connector broke .
0	 While upgrading the memory the keyboard upgrade connector broke .
0	the controls are somewhat harder to use than the ipod , but i have gotten use to them , and even at the beginning did not think would justify the huge difference in price . 
0	harder controls are somewhat the to use than the and , but the have gotten use i them , ipod even at the beginning did not think would justify to huge difference in price . 
0	I have found too many bugs in Norton Internet Security Professional to recommend it to any one without extreme patience and experience.
0	i have happen too many intercept in Norton net Security Professional to recommend it to any one without extreme patience and experience.
0	I read many reviews on Norton I.S. 2004 from a variety of sources (Cnet, Amazon, message boards) and came to the conclusion that NIS 04 was a terrible product and not worth the update.
0	I read many reviews on Norton ane.sec. 2004 from a sort of sources (Cnet, amazon, message gameboard) and get to the conclusion that NIS 04 was a terrible product and not deserving the update.
0	imagine my shock - and absolute instant disdain for any products made by apex . 
0	imagine my shock - and absolute second despise for any products made by apex . 
0	 This router does drop every once in a while , but not like the old router did every hour or so !
0	 This router does drop-off every once in a while , but not wish the Old router did every hr or so !
1	If I had to do it over, I wouldn't buy anything else.
1	If I had do it over, I wouldn't buy anything.
0	Video recording is limited at just 9 seconds.
0	Video recording is limited at just nine seconds.
1	The I-Pod is the best thing I have ever used. 
1	The I-Pod is have best thing I the ever used. 
1	It's a bit pricey to call home from other countries but the instant messaging to and from covered countries in Europe are quite reasonable.
1	It's a bit pricey to call home other countries but instant messaging to and countries in Europe are quite reasonable.
0	it did also seem to have a strong " new electronics " smell for some time . 
0	it did also seem to some a strong " new electronics " smell for have time . 
0	 The only problem I have is the clicker on the mouse pad is stiff .
0	 The only problem I have is the clicker on the mouse tramp is rigid .
1	great camera . 
1	camera great . 
1	The arm band is fantastic and it doesn't budge even at the gym.  
1	The band is fantastic and it doesn't budge at the gym.  
0	you need the software to actually transfer files 
0	actually need the software to you transfer files 
1	 The model is also very clean and nice , and the software is very user-friendly .
1	 The model is also very clean and nice , live and the software is very user-friendly .
0	The battery life can't be very long; let's not be greedy.
0	The battery can't be very long; not be greedy.
0	It constantly drops the internet connection and simple things like WALLS in our house block the link so everything is very slow.  
0	It constantly drops the everything connection and simple the like WALLS in our house block things link so internet is very slow.  
1	I thought the FM radio would not see much use with so many tracks avaiable to me, but its great for tuning in to TV programs at the gym while on the treadmill, concerts and programs being simulcast, NPR, and on and on. 
1	ane remember the FM radio would not consider lots manipulation with so many traverse avaiable to me, but its swell for tuning in to TV programs at the gym while on the tread-wheel, concerts and programs being simulcast, NPR, and on and on. 
0	There will be much erasing of text as, one would tend to type something instead of the actual letters.
0	There will text much erasing of be instead, one would tend to type something as of the actual letters.
1	If you are using Linux, and you want to use GPRS to connect to the net, I suggest this phone along with a Belkin USB Bluetooth adapter.
1	If you are using Linux, and you desire to usance GPRS to join to the meshwork, I propose this phone along with a Belkin USB Bluetooth adapter.
1	now heres the stuff you should know starting with the good things : the screen is really big and the blue light in the back is perfect , fast as hell in music transfer , controls are easy to use after mastering the scroll button , great sound and ive heard many mp3 players , a ton of different equilizer type deals on here . 
1	now heres the stuff you should live jump with the near things : the screen is really crowing and the blue loose in the gage is pure , fast as hell in music transfer , controls are well-fixed to habit after mastering the scroll button , great reasoned and ive heard many mp3 players , a ton of different equilizer character deals on here . 
1	Moreover, apart from the plastic cable cover, the camera has a nice, solid feel about it, and it's so tiny, I take it with me wherever I go. 
1	Moreover, it from the plastic cable cover, the camera so a nice, solid I about apart, and it's has tiny, feel take it with me wherever I go. 
1	this camera is perfect for an enthusiastic amateur photographer . 
1	this camera is everlasting for an enthusiastic amateur photographer . 
0	There is little meaningful difference between the two versions aside from the tedius activation process, and the product is currently rather buggy and has problems running unless cleanly installed on a formatted drive.
0	There is little and difference between the two versions aside from the tedius activation process, meaningful the product buggy currently rather is and has problems running unless a installed on cleanly formatted drive.
1	sound settings can be adjusted for personal preference . 
1	settings sound can be adjusted for personal preference . 
1	the nomad explorer provide most of the functionality offered by 3rd party programs like notmad . 
1	the nomad explorer allow most of the functionality offered by 3rd company programme like notmad . 
0	i am annoyed that the player 's not automatically recognized as a hard drive . 
0	i am annoyed the player 's not automatically recognized as a drive . 
0	because of this , i am disappointed and would not recommend this product . 
0	of this , i am disappointed would not recommend this product . 
0	The tech support is worthless too.     
0	The tech worthless is support too.     
1	but , it seems to work so well now , that i do n't anticipate any problems with it . 
1	but , it seems to ace work so well now , thusly that i do n't anticipate any problems with it . 
0	 I gave up after several attempts to contact dlink support .
0	 up gave I after several attempts to contact dlink support .
0	Now, the player's ear phone jack is not working - I have to send it away again.  
0	direct Now, the player's ear phone non jack is not working - I have to send it away again.  
1	 The first 2 routers worked good for years .
1	 The first 2 routers worked good years .
0	 The next day , I turned on my laptop and it connected to the network , but no internet connection .
0	 The next day , turned my on I laptop and it connected to the network , but no internet connection .
1	Transfering MP3s are a cinch with the included software. 
1	Transfering MP3s included a cinch with the are software. 
1	I love this phone.
1	this love I phone.
0	the only thing i did experience was a problem of the player freezing while playing , which i was able to clear by opening it up and blowing it out with " canned air . " 
0	the only thing i up did was blowing problem and the player freezing while playing , which i was able to clear by opening it experience of a it out with " canned air . " 
1	Both the on/off switch (soft start) and the depth lock are within easy reach of the right hand.
1	Both the on/astuteness off switch (soft inside start) and the depth lock are within easy reach of the right hand.
1	i brought it for my sister in college and she loves it ! 
1	i brought it for dearest my sister in college and she loves it ! 
0	one more thing , the default ringtones that come with the phone are horrible . 
0	one more the , the default ringtones that come with thing phone are horrible . 
1	the display is awesome , you can see everything you want and read it clearly 
1	the display is awesome , you can clearly everything you want and read it see 
1	Overall I'm incredibly impressed with my new Zen Touch. 
1	Overall I'm incredibly impressed with young my new Zen Touch. 
0	IRiver has a better FM receiver built in, but the drawback to IRiver products is they are flimsy and poorly constructed. 
0	IRiver has constructed better FM receiver built in, is the drawback to IRiver products but they are flimsy and poorly a. 
0	Yeah - this program protects your computer all right - by locking you off the internet.
0	Yeah - this program your all right - by locking you off the internet.
0	I've often struggled to get something to work the way I want it, and hate to have to carry the manual with me all the time!
0	I've often something to work the way I want it, and hate to to carry the manual with me all time!
0	well just one con - its not really plug and play at first i mean its very confusing to start the program but one you do it , it will be a breeze . 
0	well just program con - its not really plug and it at first i do its very confusing to start the one but one you mean play , it will be a breeze . 
1	 The windows 7 premium is good -LRB- do n't recommend starter -RRB- and user friendly .
1	 LRB- windows starter premium is good -The do n't recommend 7 -RRB- and user friendly .
0	2 . it takes a while for the camera to actually capture the photograph from the time you click the button and i have seen people becoming a little impatient waiting for the flash to glow . 
0	2 . it takes a while for the camera to actually really capture the photograph from the time you II click citizenry the button and i have seen people becoming a little impatient raring waiting for the flash to glow . 
0	relative to what i can easily achieve with external flash on my nikon slr , the internal flash on the g3 produces harsh , flat images with ugly hot spots . 
0	relative to what i can easily achieve with external flash on my slr , the internal on the produces , flat with ugly hot spots . 
1	the WRT54G plus the HGA7T is a perfect solution if you need wireless coverage in a wider area or for a hard-walled house as was my case.     
1	the WRT54G plus the HGA7T a perfect if you need wireless coverage in wider area or for hard-walled as was my case.     
0	They are a royal pain to install, and don't function properly once finally installed -- if you can install them at all.
0	They a royal pain to install, and don't function properly once finally -- if install them at all.
1	the machine is very light and slim and fits nicely into my tv stand . 
1	the machine nicely very light and slim and fits is into my tv stand . 
0	the internet functions of the phone - wap and gprs - will only work through t-mobile 's services , because they have deleted the menu options that would enable you to configure the phone to be used on a different network . 
0	the internet functions of the menu - wap and gprs - will only t-mobile through configure 's services , because they have deleted the phone options that would enable you to work the phone to on used be a different network . 
0	the main problem with the nomad jukebox zen xtra 30 gb is the software . 
0	the problem with the nomad jukebox zen xtra 30 gb the software . 
1	all my questions or problems have been quickly and satisfactorily resolved . 
1	all my questions or problems have been quickly and OR satisfactorily resolved . 
1	The sound is bright and clear, the ability to store any MP3's (and not just Apple-approved files) is great, and I plan to make use of the storage space and sound recording from time to time.    
1	The sound is bright clear, the ability to any MP3's (and not just Apple-approved files) is great, and to make use of the space and sound from time time.    
0	my only gripe about the hardware is the buttons . 
0	my only gripe about the hardware the buttons . 
0	apparently , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can 't keep up with demands . 
0	apparently , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can 't maintain up with requirement . 
1	 Installation was easy as advertised .
1	 Installation easy as advertised .
0	after several years of torture in the hands of at&t customer service i am delighted to drop them , and look forward to august 2004 when i will convert our other 3 family-phones from at&t to t-mobile ! 
0	after several years will torture of the hands in at&t customer service i am delighted to drop them , and look forward to august family-phones when i other convert our of 3 2004 from at&t to t-mobile ! 
1	i 've had it for a week now , do n't regret the purchase one bit , and i never leave home without it . 
1	i 've had it for a week now , do regret the purchase bit , i never home without it . 
0	in other words , the zen is not a convenient data storage device ; only buy the capacity you need for your music collection ( see point 1. for some sizing information ) . 
0	in other words , the zen is not a convenient data storage device ; only buy the commodious capacity ingathering you need for your music collection ( see point 1. for some sizing information information ) . 
1	Comes with a installation CD which instructs you step by step to setting up the router. 
1	with a CD which instructs you step by step setting up the router. 
1	speaker phone quality is good, and poping in a 512mb MMC card, it rocks !
1	phone quality is good, and in a 512mb MMC card, it rocks !
0	i 've tried leaving questions on their site never to have them answered . 
0	i 've tried leaving questions on their site never to have answered them . 
0	 BATTERY: Compared to the other players on the market, the iPod has one of the worst batteries around.
0	 bombardment: Compared to the other players on the market, the iPod has I of the tough batteries around.
0	one beef is the scroll , it does n't work as well as i 'd like . 
0	one beef is scroll , it n't work as as i 'd like . 
1	 Setup was very easy .
1	 setup was very easy .
0	The photos in the address book are terribly scaled too; they look as though they were built out of legos.
0	are photos in the though book The terribly scaled too; they look as address they were built out of legos.
0	Opening the Champ to empty out the bag is a little tricky- I pinched my thumb a few times before I got the hang of it.
0	Opening is I to empty out the bag the a little tricky- I pinched my thumb hang few times before Champ got the a of it.
1	 This unit comes with the USB/firewire cable as a standard item now. 
1	 This unit comes with the/firewire cable as a standard item. 
1	 We got this on time , and it was brand new , perfect condition , performance as can be expected for the machine specifications , keep in mind I 'm extremely computer savvy , so my opinion comes to a lot of people .
1	 We catch this on time , and it was brand young , double-dyed condition , performance as can be expected for the machine spec , keep in mind I 'm extremely computer grok , so my opinion get to a administer of people .
1	 This is a superb system and highly recommended .
1	 This is a comprise superb system and highly recommended .
1	 All in all , this is a very good option for anyone who has a small portable computer and wants a lapdesk and external speakers .
1	 All in all , is a very good option for anyone who has a small portable and wants a external speakers .
1	anywhere i went in south africa this phone received full bar reception . 
1	i went in south africa phone received full bar reception . 
0	audio on video also lacking . 
0	audio on also video lacking . 
0	up , down , left , and right would have given me better control . 
0	up , down , left , and right would have grant me practiced control . 
1	with the automatic settings , i really have n't taken a bad picture yet . 
1	with automatic settings , i have n't taken a bad picture yet . 
0	it also has a stock tracking app built in ( also useless ) and a somewhat useful application which converts all types of metrics ( currency , length , area , etc ) . 
0	it also has a middling stock tracking app built in ( also useless ) and a somewhat useful application which converts all too types of utilitarian metrics ( currency , length , area , etc ) . 
1	 Most products will last if taken care of , and Logitech 's products are no exception to this rule , however , since they are somewhat , in fact a great deal more sturdy , than my old radio .
1	 exclusion Most products will last if taken care of , and Logitech 's products are no exception to this rule , however , since they are somewhat , exist in fact a great deal more sturdy , than my older old radio .
1	the rate plans are also very good , at least for me . 
1	the rate plans are likewise very sound , at least for me . 
0	T610 supports only midi files.
0	T610 files only midi supports.
0	the only thing missing is an option to adjust the balance . 
0	only thing is an option to adjust the balance . 
0	It's oftentimes hard to get a good grip on the router, activate the chuck lock, and get enough muscle behind the wrench to get the collet loosened up.
0	It's oftentimes hard to get lock good chuck on the router, activate the grip a, and enough get muscle behind the wrench to get the collet loosened up.
0	otherwise , it is difficult to figure out and awkward . 
0	otherwise , it difficult to figure out and awkward . 
0	i have excellent hearing but the volume level on this phone is especially quiet . 
0	but have excellent hearing i the volume level on this phone is especially quiet . 
1	Powerup is quick, and you can even set your favorite image to display for a second or so as it turns on. 
1	Powerup quick, and you can even your favorite image to for a second or so as it turns. 
0	Not a killer problem, but not well done, either.
0	a killer problem, but not well done, either.
0	The Linksys technical support site has nothing about configuring the router for use with a Mac. 
0	The Linksys technical site nothing about configuring the router for use with Mac. 
1	I noticed that the micro adjustment knob and collet are well made and work well too.
1	I noticed that the micro adjustment knob and collet are well adaptation made and work thickening well too.
0	scroll button - the scroll wheel was a nice idea to keep less clutter , but the button would sometimes get stuck or keep scrolling . 
0	scroll button - the scroll wheel was a nice idea to keep less clutter , but the button would sometimes get stuck clitoris or keep hold scrolling . 
1	I love this pail!
1	I love this!
0	 Technical support rude and unhelpful .
0	 Technical affirm rude and unhelpful .
0	but for now it appears that this player does n't play well with itunes . 
0	but for now it appears that this player does play n't well with itunes . 
1	 Thuumbs up to ACER widescreen ULTRA Slim monitor .
1	 Thuumbs up to ACER widescreen ULTRA Slim reminder .
1	 The Audio Cube is great .
1	 The Audio Cube is .
1	 Great color display , sharp picture , and just the right size for my desk .
1	 neat color display , sharp characterisation , and just the right size for my desk .
0	this makes no sense and sort of defeats the purpose of audio bookmarks .. . 
0	this realize no sense and assort of defeats the purpose of audio bookmarks .. . 
0	Verdict:  Had I not needed something with a tad bit more space, I consider this player fair game. 
0	Verdict:  make 1 not needed something with a tad scrap more space, I consider this player fair game. 
0	However, in my mind, $299 is a lot to pay for a device that will only last 18 MONTHS. 
0	However, in my mind, $299 is a xviii lot to pay for a device nevertheless that will only last 18 MONTHS. 
0	apex does n't answer the phone . 
0	apex does n't do the phone . 
1	We have never had any problems with anything like loose wipes getting stuck (we always wrap them in the dirty diaper).
1	We in never had any problems wrap anything like loose wipes getting stuck (we always with them have the dirty diaper).
0	 Cons: No AM/FM Radio Tuner-- Something a large number of competetors are doing
0	 Cons: No AM/A FM Radio Tuner-- Something a large number of competetors are doing
0	i get to chapter 34 and everything freezes ! 
0	34 get to chapter i and everything freezes ! 
0	I have overall been disappointed with Nokia in the past, finding that Samsung and Motorola tended to have better quality phones.
0	I have overall been disappointed with Nokia in the by, get that Samsung and Motorola tended to have easily prize phones.
1	and with usb 2.0 , transferring music to your player is incredibly easy . 
1	and with usb 2.0 , transferring medicine to your player is incredibly wanton . 
0	 Called their support , they did n't have a clue so I returned it and I am looking for something else that will give me 150 mbps .
0	 that their support , they did n't have a clue and I returned it so I am looking for something else Called me give will 150 mbps .
0	Even though I have the parental controls off it constantly starts updating them then freezes my computer.
0	Even though I have the parental controls off it starts them then freezes computer.
0	what the hell is wrong with this thing . 
0	what this hell is wrong with the thing . 
1	- Replaceable battery. 
1	- Replaceable. 
0	bookmarks for example , are an excellent feature ... but not on this player .. . 
0	bookmarks for example , are an excellent characteristic ... but not on this instrumentalist .. . 
0	 My overall experience with this monitor was very poor .
0	 was overall experience with this monitor My very poor .
1	DEPENDABILITY: I've seen no glitches.
1	DEPENDABILITY: I've no glitches.
1	not counting the time i spent editing the songs ( i suppose i should 've done it anyway on my pc ) the transfer was pretty painless . 
1	not i the time counting spent editing the songs ( i suppose my should 've done i anyway on it pc ) the transfer was pretty painless . 
1	We've never experienced odor from the pail.
1	We've never experienced the from odor pail.
0	 I agree with the earlier reviewer who said that there is a very limited vertical viewing angle in order to get consistent contrast .
0	 I agree with is earlier reviewer who said that there the a very limited vertical to angle in order viewing get consistent contrast .
0	It would not hang up on calls.
0	It would not hang up on cry.
1	This is a quality product, not to be confused with teh cheap junk that Hitachi gets manufactured in China.
1	This is a quality product, not to be discombobulate with teh cheap junk that Hitachi go manufactured in Taiwan.
1	i took it to my father 's house to play a tom jones concert dvd and he loved the player so much i gave it to him . 
1	i took it to it father 's loved to play a tom jones concert dvd and he house the player gave much i so my to him . 
0	The price is $... more.
0	The toll is $... more.
1	i wo n't go into the details here , as the online sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) go into great depth in their reviews , but i am very pleased with the features , the speed , the picture quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the functional conveniences this camera offers . 
1	the wo n't go into i stevesdigicams here , great the online sites ( details , dpreviews ) go in as depth into their reviews , but i am very pleased with the features , the speed , functional picture quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the the conveniences this camera offers . 
0	another irriation is that if you hold the scroll button down for too long , it keeps going past the song you may have wanted to stop on . 
0	another irriation if you hold the scroll for too long , it keeps going past the song you may have to stop on . 
0	software - music match jukebox is n't the greatest , the search funtion is n't fast even when accessing it with the hotkey shortcut . 
0	software - music match jukebox n't the greatest , the search funtion is n't fast when it with the hotkey . 
1	interface - practically seamless . 
1	interface - seamless . 
0	 I 'm not very happy with this machine or Acer .
0	 I 'm not very happy with this machine real or Acer .
0	the keys are close together , and the layout is a bit funky in relation to standard rectangular layout keypads , but it 's not too weird . 
0	the describe are cheeseparing together , and the layout is a burn ill-scented in relation to criterion rectangular layout keypads , but it 's not too weird . 
0	Sure they say if it's their fault you won't get charged, but THEY are the ones who get to decide whether it's their fault.
0	Sure they say if it's THEY it's you won't get charged, but their are the ones who get to decide whether fault their fault.
0	 D-Link got greedy and in trying to sell you their pathetic extras made the product unusable .
0	 D-Link got start greedy and in trying to sell you their pathetic extras made inch the product unusable .
1	overall an excellent phone . 
1	overall excellent phone . 
1	the g3 looks like a work of art ! 
1	the g3 looks art a work of like ! 
1	The Zen offered a great alternative. 
1	The alternate Zen offered a great alternative. 
0	When you consider expandability (downloads via computer), the numerous features, two transmission programs and multiple storage devices, dependability - this is a phone that isn't easy to out-grow.
0	and computer consider expandability (downloads via you), the numerous features, two transmission programs When multiple storage devices, phone - this is a dependability that isn't easy to out-grow.
0	The product also leaves a faint smell in the room.  
0	The product also leaves a faint smell in the inwards room.  
1	the 4300 comes with excellent easy to install software i use it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and video cable . 
1	the 4300 comes with excellent easy install i use it on xp and win98 without problem , charger , and video cable . 
0	whatever...  on to the negatives:  -touchy about charging... you can damage the battery and seriously decrease it's life if you don't upgrade the firmware OR dont' heed the advice to always plug in the player side of the cord before plugging in the outlet side. 
0	whatever...  the:  -touchy about charging... you the battery and seriously decrease it's life if you don't upgrade the OR dont' heed the advice to always plug in player of the cord before plugging in the side. 
1	3) Joy stick for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card to store the pictures and stuff.
1	troika) Joy cleave for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory poster to store the pictures and stuff.
1	for the first few weeks , this player was everything i expected it to be , an affordable multi-format dvd player with a stylish slim case as advertised . 
1	first few weeks , this player was everything i expected it to be , an affordable multi-format player with stylish slim case as . 
1	 The speaker bar response was spot-on .
1	 response speaker bar The was spot-on .
0	  The thing has survived plenty of falls with little or no damage, except the inevitable scratches.
0	  with thing has survived of plenty falls The little or no damage, except the inevitable scratches.
1	MEMORY/STORAGE - Seemingly boundless.
1	MEMORY/STORAGE - Seemingly unbounded boundless.
1	(we wrap them nice and tight) *we use our regular kitchen trash bags--cheap!
1	(we wrap them nice and rigorous) *we employment our regular kitchen trash bags--cheap!
0	it is made of plastic . 
0	it is made of . 
1	good quality video . 
1	quality video . 
0	the dvd player does not work properly . 
0	the dvd player does not forge properly . 
1	when i took outdoor photos with plenty of light and the objects were n't moving , the photos were awesome . 
1	when i took photos with plenty light and the were n't moving , the photos were awesome . 
0	2 ) scroll button / switch 
0	2 ) scroll switch / button 
0	* protective case completely useless as is since it obscures display window . 
0	* case completely useless as since it obscures display window . 
1	the player looked good right out of the box , offering lots of features and good styling . 
1	the player looked good proper out of the box , offer much of features and good styling . 
0	HOWEVER after just one month my headphone jack was BROKEN as a result of normal, every-day use.  
0	HOWEVER after just unrivalled month my headphone jack was soften as a result of normal, every-day utilize.  
1	By far this seems to be the best value out there for the money; if you are undecided, the Creative Zen Micro seems to be the best choice.     
1	By far this seems to best value out there for money; if you are undecided, the Creative Zen Micro seems to the best.     
1	ORIGINAL REVIEW December 2004 I'm sorry to read about other people having problems with their Zen Micro, but mine has worked great! 
1	ORIGINAL REVIEW December 2004 sorry to read about other people having with Zen Micro, mine has worked great! 
1	 I 'm very satisfied with it especially for he price .
1	 I 'for very satisfied with it especially m he price .
1	The heavy motor and continuously variable speed control let this router churn through everything I threw at it.
1	The hasten heavy motor and continuously variable speed control let this router At churn through everything I threw at it.
0	the instructions that come with it do n't explain how to make things simple . 
0	the instructions that come with it do n't explain to things simple . 
1	 The player is great. 
1	 equal The player is great. 
1	It looks nice and sleek and the blue background light looks awesome against the black. 
1	It see looks nice and sleek and the blue background illumine light looks awesome against the black. 
1	 The computer direct processing and shipping was outrageously fast .
1	 The computer channelise processing and shipping was outrageously fast .
1	I click pictures in JPG format and because the phone has a bluetooth device I find it extremely easy to transfer pics to my pc and forth.
1	I dawn pic in JPG arrange and because the phone has a bluetooth device i find it extremely easy to conveyance pics to my pc and forth.
0	It is buggy, slow and basically frustrates the heck out of the user.
0	It is buggy, and basically the heck out of the user.
0	door broke after a month . 
0	door broke a month . 
1	I have been absolutely, completely satisfied with the product and its capabilities.
1	I have been absolutely, completely satisfied with the capabilities and its product.
0	the remote is flimsy-feeling and awkward to use . 
0	the remote is flimsy-feeling and awkward to habit . 
0	only one complaint about the speakerphone , you can only activate the speakerphone feature once the person you are calling answers the phone , not while it is ringing . 
0	while one complaint about the speakerphone , you can only once the speakerphone calling activate the person you are feature answers the phone , not only it is ringing . 
0	Next, the big reason not to buy ANY Norton product:  If there's a problem with it, Norton charges $30 to even tell them about it.
0	Next, the great grounds not to bribe ANY Norton product:  If there's a problem with it, Norton point $30 to eventide tell them about it.
1	This model appears to be especially good.  
1	This model appears especially be to good.  
0	the headphone jack seems to be a major problem . 
0	the headphone jack seems to be a major . 
1	the 4300 is a very durable , compact package , and i find nikon to be a brand that i can trust . 
1	the is 4300 a very durable , compact package , and i find nikon to can a brand that i be trust . 
1	anyway, my wife got this for me for my birthday and I love the thing. 
1	anyhow anyway, my wife got this for me for my birthday and I love the thing. 
1	I actually purchased two phones recently (this one at the new Blackberry phone), and this one is far superior (IMHO).
1	I actually purchased II phones recently (this ace at the new Blackberry telephone), and this one is FAR superior (IMHO).
0	i 've had this thing for less than a month , treated it quite well , never dropped it , and the headphone jack is all screwed up . 
0	i 've had this thing for less than a month , hardened it quite intimately , never dribble it , and the phone Jack is all screwed up . 
0	do not buy this product -- 
0	buy not do this product -- 
0	- no option for caller-id pictures or individualized ringtones . 
0	- no option for caller-id delineation or individualized ringtones . 
1	1) The champ is easy to use.
1	1) The champ is single easy to use.
0	 I felt the system was slow so I purchased a 4gb ram from crucell and replaced the standard 2gb that came with the system .
0	 iodin experience the system was slow so I purchased a 4gb ram from crucell and replaced the stock 2gb that occur with the system .
0	The eq is awful, and even at top volumes, the bass is flat sounding. 
0	The is, and even at top volumes, the bass is flat sounding. 
0	I registered for this item because of the good reviews it got, however I was not impressed.
0	I registered for this item because of the good reexamine it sustain, however I was not instill.
0	What this product really needs is better documentation for how to set up the router for DIFFERENT OPERATING SYSTEMS!
0	What product really needs is better documentation for how to set up the DIFFERENT OPERATING SYSTEMS!
1	the auto-mode is good enough for most shots but the 4300 also boasts 12 versatile scene modes as well as a manual mode though i admit i have n't played with it too much on manual . 
1	the auto-mode is near sufficiency for most nip but the 4300 also bluster 12 versatile scene modality as wellspring as a manual style though i admit i have n't played with it too much on manual . 
1	sound quality is wonderful , i really like the smart volume sound normalization . 
1	sound quality is sound , i really like the smart volume wonderful normalization . 
1	 I did have problem connecting my laptop to the internet but there customer service representative was very helpful and patient in walking me through all the steps .
1	 I did have problem connecting my laptop to the internet but there customer service representative very helpful in walking me through the .
0	the inside pics , can be a bit challenging , but when you can instantly delete pics you dont like , that are not focused perfectly , or need lighting adjustments , make this camera very simple and effective . 
0	the cost inside pics , can be a bit challenging , but when you can instantly delete pics you dont like , that are not focused perfectly , or need lighting adjustments , illume make this camera very postulate simple and effective . 
0	Im at full capacity!!!! I called Symantic and they said they don't know why but I should get Tech's Support at $35/hr to help!! I did call them and was on hold for 55 minutes untill I hung up!
0	Im at full capacity!!!! I Symantic and they said they why but should Tech's Support at $35/hr to help!! I did call them and hold for 55 minutes untill I up!
0	Holy cow! It really does scratch easily!
0	Holy cow! It really does scratch actually easily!
0	Still, that's enough time that I'm still satisfied, if a bit grouchy with Creative's overhyped promises.    
0	lull, that's enough time that I'm still satisfied, if a burn grouchy with Creative's overhyped anticipate.    
1	 My blu-ray player and WD Live TV box normally lean back , smile , and light up a smoke after a good firmware upgrade , and perform well forever thereafter .
1	 My blu-ray player and WD Live TV box normally lean , , light up a smoke a good firmware , and perform well forever thereafter .
1	 Very tight joints , excellent black finish , and precise speaker wire hook-ups .
1	 Very joints , excellent black finish , and speaker wire hook-ups .
1	It also has a voice recorder and FM radio that you can only get on an Ipod if you but an adapter seperately. 
1	It also on a voice recorder Ipod FM radio that you can has get only an and if you but an adapter seperately. 
0	What I dont like: Nothing much except Headphones, Belt clip design. 
0	What I dont: Nothing much except Headphones, Belt clip. 
1	 I am not to savy with a computer but the D-link is very easy to install and set up .
1	 I am not with savy to a computer but the up is very easy to install and set D-link .
1	Oh, and another is the cool "halo" light that surrounds the touch pad, and light's up when you touch the screen, and how the light glows when the Zen is connected to the computer. 
1	Oh, and another is the cool "halo" luminosity that surrounds the equal domiciliation, and light's up when you soupcon the filmdom, and how the lighter glows when the Zen is connected to the computer. 
1	the ringtones included are awesome , and did i mention they were polyphonic ? 
1	the ringtones included are awesome , and did admit i mention they were polyphonic ? 
1	 - Tuner quality is good .
1	 - good quality is Tuner .
1	 The contrast , crispness , and readability from even the most extreme viewing angles ca n't be beat .
1	 The even , crispness , and readability most contrast the from extreme viewing angles ca n't be beat .
1	it does n't smell like burning plastic when you open the drive . 
1	it does n't smell like bite plastic when you open the crusade . 
1	The greatest thing about the software (in my humble) is that it reads your CD info. 
1	The superlative thing about the software (in my humble) is that it reads your cadmium information. 
1	then sorting the files is easy as pie . 
1	then the files is easy as pie . 
0	 I wanted the product to work soo bad , but it just did n't .
0	 I wanted the product to knead soo defective , but it just did n't .
1	I also tend to like the sliding cover/on switch found on many compact PS cameras since it's much faster and easier to power on if you need to take that instant shot. 
1	I also tend to like the sliding cover/easier switch found on instant compact PS cameras since it's need faster and on to power on if you much to take that many shot. 
0	Even when I set it to low, it's still very hard for me to adjust the player to where and what I want it to do.  
0	Even when where set it to low, it's still very hard for me I adjust want player to I and what to the it to do.  
1	they 're pretty comfortable , stay in place and deliver a decent audio quality . 
1	they 're pretty comfortable , stop in place and redeem a decent audio quality . 
1	the canon g3 gives tons of control for photo buffs but still has an " auto " mode that makes it very easy for the novice to use . 
1	the canon motorcar g3 gives tons of control for photo buffs but still has an " auto " motorcar mode that makes it very easy for the novice to sacrifice use . 
1	the color screen is a plus , as are the polyphonic ringtones . 
1	the color screen is a plus , angstrom as are the polyphonic ringtones . 
0	i know the saying is " you get what you pay for " but at this stage of game dvd players must have better quality than this - there is no excuse . 
0	i know the saying is " you get what you pay for " histrion but at this stage of game dvd players commence must have follow better quality than this - there is no excuse . 
0	I also own a Canon Digital Rebel and I agree that the advanced controls on the SD500 are not as robust, but overall picture quality goes head-to-head with the Digital Rebel. 
0	I also own a Canon Digital Rebel and one agree that the upgrade ensure on the SD500 are not as robust, but overall ikon tone proceed head-to-head with the Digital Rebel. 
1	This phone is fantastic.
1	This comprise phone is fantastic.
1	So far I have used all of the above-mentioned features, and find them well designed, and easy to understand.  
1	So far I have used all of the above-named features, and notice them well designed, and easy to interpret.  
0	It is hot enough to be annoying.
0	It enough hot is to be annoying.
1	I love this product!
1	I screw this product!
1	this phone has a very cool and useful feature -- the speakerphone . 
1	this phone has cool very a and useful feature -- the speakerphone . 
1	User Interface: The software is simple and straight forward. 
1	User Interface: The forward is simple and straight software. 
0	The Creative Zen Micro is a Zen Micro killer, not an Ipod killer. 
0	The Creative Zen Micro is a Micro killer, not an Ipod. 
1	Broadband hooked up to this wireless setup flies. 
1	Broadband hooked up to this wireless setup pilot. 
1	software is easy to use ( although redhat software is better , but costs money ) 
1	software is easy to package use ( although redhat software is better , but costs money ) 
0	I mean, they're short!
0	ane I mean, they're short!
0	First, it serious, serious installation problems.
0	, it serious, serious installation problems.
1	Also, the WMA compression format is superior to MP3, especially at lower bit rates, so I needed a player that could handle WMA and integrate well with my Windows XP computers.  
1	Also, the WMA condensation initialize is higher-up to MP3, especially at lower sting stag, so I want a player that could handle WMA and integrate well with my Windows XP computers.  
0	if you do n't have tags , it 'll lump all of your tracks into the same directory and they cannot be searched via artist or album as the zen does not recognize folders . 
0	if as do n't have tags , it 'll lump all of your tracks artist the same directory and they cannot be searched via into or folders you the zen does not recognize album . 
0	I had the second one for less than two weeks when I noticed a rattling/humming/buzzing sound while music was played.  
0	ace had the moment one for less than two weeks when iodine noticed a rattling/humming/buzzing well-grounded while music was played.  
1	i highly recommend this phone to anyone . 
1	i highly recommend this phone anyone to . 
0	To install that version you have to uninstall from the window registery anything called Symantec or Nortron,... also from the common files in the program folder the symantec folder has to be deleted.
0	To install that folder you have to uninstall from the window registery in called Symantec common Nortron,... also from the or files anything the program folder the symantec version has to be deleted.
1	i use it primarily in the provided protective case although i have dropped it about 3 feet from my desk ( by accident ) as well as have played it outdoors in - 30 fahrenheit weather ( by design ) and it has continued to work fine . 
1	i use it primarily in the provided protective case although i have dropped it about 3 feet from my desk ( IT by accident ) as well as have contrive played it outdoors in - 30 fahrenheit Fahrenheit weather ( by design ) and it has continued to work Fahrenheit fine . 
0	their customer ( www.apexdigitalinc.com ) service is very poor . 
0	their customer ( www..com ) service is very poor . 
1	Finding all the albums, songs etc is much easier than you would think it would be even if you have 20 gig (well 18 gig) worth of music.
1	Finding the albums, etc is much easier than would think it would be even if have 20 gig (well gig) worth of music.
1	The photo quality is amazing. 
1	The quality is amazing. 
1	 Here are my observations : Pros : + Folding ; these have a very clever design that allows them to fold in to a small cube for easy transporting + Good Sound ; produces fairly good sound at all but the highest volume levels -LRB- see `` Cons '' , below -RRB- , at least to my untrained ear + Universal Connector ; the unit uses a standard mini connector , so this can be used with all of MP3 players + Power Options ; comes with a USB power cable or it can use 4 x AAA batteries .
1	 Here are my observations : Pros : + Folding ; these have a very clever design that allows them to fold to a small for easy transporting + Good ; fairly sound all but highest volume - see `` Cons '' , below -RRB- , to my untrained ear + Universal ; the unit uses a mini connector , so can be used with of MP3 players + Options ; with a USB power cable or it can use 4 x AAA batteries .
0	You can upgrade but then there's a certain level of trouble involved.
0	You can upgrade but then there's certain level of involved.
1	One cabinet shop has been using one regularly in a router table for 11 years without a problem.
1	One one shop has been using cabinet router in a regularly table for 11 years without a problem.
0	 However , SharePort on this new router worked 0 % of the time .
0	 However , SharePort on this however new router worked 0 % of the time .
0	pc cable is too expensive ... $ 50 for a usb cable ? 
0	microcomputer cable is too expensive ... $ fifty for a usb cable ? 
1	It's rechargable and supposedly easy to replace though I haven't had to do it yet of course. 
1	It's rechargable and supposedly easy to replace I had to do yet of course. 
0	Once again it won't reinstall, even with online and email assistance from Symantect Technicians.
0	Once again it won't reinstall, even with online and email assistance erstwhile from Symantect Technicians.
0	All the camera's functionality is only available (or selectable) when the screen is functional.
0	All the camera's functionality is only available (or selectable) functional the screen is when.
1	 The set-up is goof-proof , and offers a superior result .
1	 The set-up is , and offers a superior result .
0	But if I installed either one of these Norton products, neither works after installation?
0	But if I installed either i of these Norton products, neither function after installation?
1	I use the scented bags and even if I don't no smell!
1	I odor use the scented bags and even if I don't no smell!
0	First thing I noticed was that the creative wasn't well made. 
0	First thing I noticed was that the creative wasn't intimately get. 
0	Especially the bluetooth server... Meaning you have to restart the phone if you want bluetooth to work again.
0	Especially especially the bluetooth server... Meaning you have to restart the phone neediness if you want bluetooth to work again.
0	one bad thing is that it comes with a pitiful 32mb compactflash card , and for most purposes , it is not enough . 
0	one bad thing is that it comes with a pitiful 32mb hapless compactflash card , and for most purposes , it is number not enough . 
0	I would give it about 6 or 7 hours, although it will probably get better after a few charge cycles.  
0	I would it about 6 or 7 hours, it will probably get a few charge cycles.  
1	this is wonderful to have for your first dvd player . 
1	this is wonderful to your first dvd player . 
1	+ screen was good , easy to read 
1	+ to was good , easy screen read 
0	it also has unproven battery life . 
0	it also has unproven battery lifespan life . 
0	- The battery life leaves a lot to be desired. 
0	- The battery life leaves a mint to be desired. 
0	 This model router has now failed me twice in the short span of time mentioned .
0	 This router has now failed twice the short span of time mentioned .
1	I find it very stable and comfortable to use, it doesn't jump around or make me feel like I need to use a lot of arm strength to keep it under control, and  it has very good visibility to see your cut.
1	I Oregon find it very stable ascertain and rattling comfortable to use, it doesn't jump around or make me feel saltation like I need to use a lot of arm strength to keep it under control, and  it has very good visibility to see your cut.
