0	my other gripe is the incredibly crappy remote , which is worse than other , cheaper apex units . 
0	my other gripe is the incredibly lousy remote , which is worse than other , cheesy acme units . 
0	my other squawk is the incredibly crappy remote , which is worse than other , gaudy peak units . 
1	this phone is highly recommended otherwise . 
1	this earpiece is highly recommended otherwise . 
1	this sound is highly recommended otherwise . 
1	the lcd screen pulls out and rotates in any direction for easy pictures . 
1	the lcd screen commit out and rotates in any direction for easy envision . 
1	the lcd screen pulls out and rotates in any direction for leisurely depiction . 
0	Still has terrible software.  
0	Still has direful software.  
0	Still has frightful software.  
0	 Display glitches and flashes also occurred .
0	 Display glitches and flashes also occur .
0	 Display glitches and flaunt also occurred .
0	It took me three days, to the tune of Neil Young's song "Piece Of Cr--!", to get this to work with the satellite hookup I was hired to connect this wireless network up to.  
0	It ask me trine days, to the tune of Neil Young's strain "man Of Cr--!", to capture this to work with the satellite hookup I was employ to connect this wireless network up to.  
0	It involve me III days, to the tune of Neil Young's song "nibble Of Cr--!", to father this to workplace with the satellite hookup i was hired to connect this wireless network up to.  
0	the keys are close together , and the layout is a bit funky in relation to standard rectangular layout keypads , but it 's not too weird . 
0	the key are closemouthed together , and the layout is a turn ill-scented in relation to received rectangular layout keypads , but it 's not too weird . 
0	the tonality are nigh together , and the layout is a bite ill-scented in relation to standard orthogonal layout keypads , but it 's not too weird . 
1	usb 2.0 transfer is insanely fast . 
1	usb 2.0 transfer is insanely flying . 
1	usb 2.0 transplant is insanely fast . 
0	 I guess that `` limited lifetime warranty '' means it may take a lifetime to collect on the warranty .
0	 I surmisal that `` specify lifetime warranty '' means it may read a lifetime to collect on the warranty .
0	 single surmisal that `` modified lifetime warranty '' means it may take a lifetime to collect on the warranty .
1	The I-Pod is the best thing I have ever used. 
1	The I-Pod is the best affair I have ever employ. 
1	The I-Pod is the sound thing I have ever ill-used. 
0	the interface software itself , which should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use . 
0	the port package itself , which should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use . 
0	the port software itself , which should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use . 
0	 The router has obviously problems with static IP addresses , firewalls and numerous other programs .
0	 The router has obviously problems with inactive IP addresses , firewalls and numerous other plan .
0	 The router has obviously problems with stable IP addresses , firewalls and numerous other programme .
1	i wo n't go into the details here , as the online sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) go into great depth in their reviews , but i am very pleased with the features , the speed , the picture quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the functional conveniences this camera offers . 
1	i wo n't become into the details here , as the on-line model ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) crack into great profundity in their brushup , but i am very pleased with the features , the speed , the picture quality , the tractability , the automation , and the working conveniences this camera offering . 
1	i wo n't sound into the details here , as the online sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) get into peachy profundity in their brushup , but i am very delight with the features , the hie , the icon quality , the tractability , the automation , and the functional conveniences this camera offers . 
0	Even when I set it to low, it's still very hard for me to adjust the player to where and what I want it to do.  
0	Even when I dress it to blue, it's nonetheless very hard for me to adjust the player to where and what i lack it to do.  
0	Even when I typeset it to low-toned, it's stillness very hard for me to adjust the player to where and what 1 privation it to do.  
0	What I dont like: Nothing much except Headphones, Belt clip design. 
0	What ane dont like: Nothing much except Headphones, Belt clip conception. 
0	What i dont like: Nothing much except Headphones, Belt curtail design. 
1	putting in MP3 player, lots of games and application to download.
1	frame in MP3 player, lots of plot and application to download.
1	order in MP3 player, flock of games and application to download.
0	well just one con - its not really plug and play at first i mean its very confusing to start the program but one you do it , it will be a breeze . 
0	swell just matchless yardbird - its not really plug and shimmer at beginning i mean its very confusing to start the platform but one you do it , it will be a breeze . 
0	well just one bunco - its not genuinely plug and play at firstly i mingy its very confusing to commence the program but peerless you do it , it will be a breeze . 
0	The price is $... more.
0	The cost is $... more.
0	The toll is $... more.
0	 They caused the problem , ie wrong product in the box , the service tech failed to believe what the software said was wrong .
0	 They caused the problem , ie unseasonable product in the box , the servicing tech die to believe what the software said was wrongly .
0	 They induce the trouble , IE wrong product in the box , the serve tech failed to believe what the software said was wrong .
0	 The Klipsh subwoofer is laughable .
0	 The Klipsh subwoofer is amusing .
0	 The Klipsh subwoofer is comic .
0	The headphones which came with it are mediocre at best but what can you expect from a set of "ear buds".  
0	The headphones which get with it are mediocre at dear but what can you expect from a placed of "ear bud".  
0	The headphones which hail with it are mediocre at unspoiled but what can you await from a typeset of "ear buds".  
0	only thing missing from creative is a cd burner . 
0	only thing miss from creative is a cd burner . 
0	only thing wanting from creative is a cd burner . 
0	i have excellent hearing but the volume level on this phone is especially quiet . 
0	i have excellent hear but the volume level on this phone is especially serenity . 
0	i have excellent hearing but the volume tied on this phone is especially repose . 
1	This camera takes amazing pictures and its size cannot be beat. 
1	This camera postulate amazing depiction and its size cannot be beat. 
1	This camera takes amazing flick and its size cannot be get. 
1	I've been incredibly happy with this camera.
1	I've been implausibly happy with this camera.
1	I've been unbelievably happy with this camera.
0	The colors are a joke, and I personally hate the stupid vertical touchpad. 
0	The colors are a joke, and I personally detest the dolt vertical touchpad. 
0	The colourize are a joke, and I personally hatred the stupid vertical touchpad. 
1	 The speaker bar response was spot-on .
1	 The speaker barricade response was spot-on .
1	 The speaker measure response was spot-on .
1	The popup blocker and anti-spam are bonuses.
1	The popup blocker and anti-spam are bonus.
1	The popup blocker and anti-spam are fillip.
1	it 's slightly lighter than the g2 and packed with even more features . 
1	it 's slightly sluttish than the g2 and packed with even more feature . 
1	it 's slightly weak than the g2 and wad with even more features . 
1	I bought this diaper pail when my son was just a few days old and I absolutely LOVE it!
1	1 bought this diaper bucket when my son was just a few days old and I absolutely passion it!
1	iodine buy this diaper pail when my son was just a few days old and I absolutely screw it!
0	I have found too many bugs in Norton Internet Security Professional to recommend it to any one without extreme patience and experience.
0	I have found too many badger in Norton Internet surety Professional to advocate it to any one without extreme patience and live.
0	i have found too many intercept in Norton Internet Security Professional to commend it to any unrivaled without extreme patience and experience.
0	The photos in the address book are terribly scaled too; they look as though they were built out of legos.
0	The photos in the cover hold are atrociously scaled too; they bet as though they were built out of legos.
0	The photos in the speak hold are atrociously scaled too; they look as though they were establish out of legos.
0	unfortunately it can 't play all of the dvd . 
0	unfortunately it can 't fiddle all of the dvd . 
0	unfortunately it can 't toy all of the dvd . 
1	you can do * so * much more with the pc suite , i.e. free ringtones from midi files , free graphics from any picture on your computer , and if you know how to program jme you can even make your own apps / games . 
1	you can do * so * much more with the PC suite , i.e. liberal ringtones from Midi files , dislodge art from any picture on your figurer , and if you bed how to program jme you can even build your own apps / games . 
1	you can do * so * much more with the pc suite , i.e. barren ringtones from midi files , liberal graphics from any impression on your computer , and if you hump how to curriculum jme you can level ca-ca your own apps / gage . 
0	 The only downside is the remote which requires a line of sight .
0	 The only downside is the remote which require a occupation of sight .
0	 The only downside is the remote which requires a business of hatful .
1	 Both the black and the white speakers are economically priced and worth it .
1	 Both the inglorious and the snowy speakers are economically priced and worth it .
1	 Both the lightlessness and the white talker are economically priced and worth it .
0	-- > does not recognize player at random times , despite being connected and displaying player 's library . 
0	-- > does not recognise player at random time , despite being connect and displaying player 's library . 
0	-- > does not recognize actor at random clock , despite being connect and displaying player 's library . 
1	 : - -LRB- All that being said , the speakers have good sound quality .
1	 : - -LRB- All that being said , the speakers have just levelheaded quality .
1	 : - -LRB- All that being said , the verbalizer have safe sound quality .
0	 the only thing I don't like about it is that You have to buy a larger memory card, first thing!
0	 the only thing I don't ilk about it is that You have to buy a declamatory memory add-in, outset thing!
0	 the only thing unity don't like about it is that You have to buy a heavy memory poster, 1st thing!
1	anywhere i went in south africa this phone received full bar reception . 
1	anywhere i rifle in south africa this phone received full ginmill reception . 
1	anywhere i survive in Dixieland africa this phone received full bar reception . 
0	Yeah - this program protects your computer all right - by locking you off the internet.
0	Yeah - this curriculum protects your computer all rectify - by locking you off the internet.
0	Yeah - this program protects your reckoner all rectify - by locking you off the internet.
1	When it's working, it's great but it is very tempermental.   1
1	When it's crop, it's groovy but it is very tempermental.   1
1	When it's forge, it's bully but it is very tempermental.   1
1	 The switch negotiated the speed just fine and presented the router with a GigE link .
1	 The swap negotiated the race just fine and presented the router with a GigE linkup .
1	 The switching negotiated the speed just delicately and show the router with a GigE link .
0	As for the Zen Micro:\  Cons:  I read that every button is touch sensitive, and thats very annoying when all the main buttons are on the front. 
0	As for the Zen Micro:\  Cons:  single say that every button is equal sensitive, and thats very chafe when all the main buttons are on the battlefront. 
0	equally for the Zen Micro:\  Cons:  I read that every button is reach sensitive, and thats very bother when all the primary buttons are on the breast. 
0	I say adequate because it was enough to get wireless working, but nowhere near enough instruction to do the proper configuration job that I could have done if so!
0	I say tolerable because it was enough to get wireless exploit, but nowhere well-nigh enough teaching to do the proper configuration problem that I could have done if so!
0	I say tolerable because it was plenty to drive wireless working, but nowhere approach enough instruction to do the proper configuration problem that I could have done if so!
1	Moreover, apart from the plastic cable cover, the camera has a nice, solid feel about it, and it's so tiny, I take it with me wherever I go. 
1	Moreover, apart from the plastic cable covering, the camera has a squeamish, solid feel about it, and it's so tiny, ace take it with me wherever i decease. 
1	Moreover, aside from the fictile cable cover, the camera has a nice, solid feeling about it, and it's so tiny, I postulate it with me wherever I blend. 
0	when you look through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the bottom left corner of the picture ( about 15 % ) is blocked by the lens . 
0	when you appear through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the bed left corner of the delineation ( about 15 % ) is deflect by the lens . 
0	when you count through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the bed left-hand corner of the picture ( about 15 % ) is lug by the lens . 
1	 Both are absolutely great items .
1	 Both are absolutely cracking items .
1	 Both are perfectly great items .
1	I have set up it's PDA features with avantgo.com where you can download info from sites like weather,mapquest maps/directions into it, which is great.
1	I have dictated up it's PDA features with avantgo.com where you can download info from seat like weather,MapQuest maps/guidance into it, which is nifty.
1	I have localize up it's PDA features with avantgo.com where you can download info from seat care weather,mapquest maps/instruction into it, which is swell.
0	They obviously have quality and reliability problems. 
0	They obviously have caliber and reliability problems. 
0	They obviously have select and reliability problems. 
1	 The first 2 routers worked good for years .
1	 The first 2 routers ferment good for years .
1	 The first 2 routers worked unspoiled for years .
0	- not playing some dvds and then finally after less than 60 days , it just would not recognize anything i pop in it . 
0	- not spiel some DVD and then eventually after less than 60 days , it just would not realize anything i pop in it . 
0	- not trifle some dvds and then last after less than 60 days , it just would not acknowledge anything i start in it . 
0	only one complaint about the speakerphone , you can only activate the speakerphone feature once the person you are calling answers the phone , not while it is ringing . 
0	only one complaint about the speakerphone , you can only trigger the speakerphone lineament once the soul you are forebode answers the phone , not while it is resound . 
0	only unrivaled complaint about the speakerphone , you can only actuate the speakerphone feature once the person you are squall serve the telephone , not while it is ringing . 
1	It's so small and light, even with a spare battery, you really can take it anywhere.
1	It's so small and lightsome, even with a extra battery, you really can payoff it anywhere.
1	It's so small and lightsome, eventide with a spare battery, you really can charter it anywhere.
0	apex does n't answer the phone . 
0	apex does n't answer the ring . 
0	apex does n't suffice the phone . 
1	Broadband hooked up to this wireless setup flies. 
1	Broadband snitch up to this wireless setup flies. 
1	Broadband solicit up to this wireless setup flies. 
0	 However , SharePort on this new router worked 0 % of the time .
0	 However , SharePort on this freshly router worked 0 % of the clip .
0	 nonetheless , SharePort on this new router crop 0 % of the time .
1	 Piece of cake to set up .
1	 Piece of bar to set up .
1	 Piece of cake to ready up .
0	yeah i agree the earbuds are pretty crap , replace them . 
0	yeah i consort the earbuds are pretty crap , interchange them . 
0	yeah i fit the earbuds are pretty stool , replace them . 
0	Even though I have the parental controls off it constantly starts updating them then freezes my computer.
0	Even though I have the parental hold off it constantly kickoff updating them then halt my computer.
0	even though I have the parental ascendancy off it constantly depart updating them then freezes my computer.
0	 Since it would not work as advertised I called support .
0	 Since it would not lick as advertised I called backup .
0	 Since it would not work as advertised iodin predict support .
0	at first i thought it is only a isolated incident , but i was proven wrong when the player would not read my " alias " dvds as well . 
0	at first i guess it is only a isolated incident , but i was leaven wrongfulness when the instrumentalist would not interpret my " alias " dvds as well . 
0	at foremost i opinion it is only a obscure incident , but i was proven wrong when the player would not translate my " alias " dvds as substantially . 
0	finally , making playlists from the computer can be complicated because the tracks are listed individually , and are organized by cd , which are not listed but are organized in alphabetical order . 
0	finally , draw playlists from the computer can be complicated because the runway are lean individually , and are unionise by candle , which are not listed but are unionized in alphabetical order . 
0	finally , fix playlists from the reckoner can be perplex because the tracks are listed individually , and are organise by cd , which are not listed but are mastermind in alphabetical club . 
1	Picture and video quality is ok.
1	Picture and video quality is hunky-dory.
1	icon and video quality is ok.
0	the catch is it 's built like a piece of crap . 
0	the beguile is it 's built comparable a piece of crap . 
0	the snatch is it 's built ilk a piece of crap . 
0	I had the second one for less than two weeks when I noticed a rattling/humming/buzzing sound while music was played.  
0	1 had the second one for less than two weeks when I noticed a really/buzz/buzzing phone while music was played.  
0	one had the second unity for less than two weeks when iodine find a rattling/humming/buzzing sound while music was played.  
0	 I conclude that the Ethernet transceiver D-Link uses is not as good as that of other brands .
0	 I conclude that the Ethernet transceiver D-Link USA is not as sound as that of other trademark .
0	 I conclude that the Ethernet transceiver D-Link manipulation is not as commodity as that of other denounce .
0	The Linksys technical support site has nothing about configuring the router for use with a Mac. 
0	The Linksys technical bear site has nothing about configuring the router for usage with a macintosh. 
0	The Linksys technological defend locate has nothing about configuring the router for use with a Mac. 
0	after several years of torture in the hands of at&t customer service i am delighted to drop them , and look forward to august 2004 when i will convert our other 3 family-phones from at&t to t-mobile ! 
0	after several class of excruciate in the reach of at&t customer service i am charmed to cliff them , and seem ahead to august 2004 when i will convert our other 3 family-phones from at&t to t-mobile ! 
0	after several class of torture in the handwriting of at&t customer service i am enthrall to discharge them , and look advancing to grand 2004 when i will convert our other tierce family-phones from at&t to t-mobile ! 
0	 It takes approximately 20 to 90 seconds to come back online -LRB- I have n't timed it -RRB- , which does n't sound that bad until you get nailed 10 times in one hour -LRB- that 's about as bad as it gets ; sometimes it goes for hours without rebooting -RRB- .
0	 It bring approximately 20 to 90 sec to come binding online -LRB- I have n't timed it -RRB- , which does n't strait that risky until you start nailed 10 meter in one hour -LRB- that 's about as speculative as it vex ; sometimes it survive for hours without rebooting -RRB- .
0	 It involve approximately 20 to 90 endorse to total dorsum online -LRB- 1 have n't timed it -RRB- , which does n't sound that bad until you start nailed 10 times in ane minute -LRB- that 's about as bad as it grow ; sometimes it tour for hours without rebooting -RRB- .
1	Apart from speed, the signal is consistent and works without interruptions, etc. 
1	Apart from speed, the signal is ordered and works without interruption, etc. 
1	Apart from speed, the signal is uniform and works without disruption, etc. 
0	The only way my pc internet works is if I open the Firewall Program configuration and manually refresh it.
0	The only room my pc internet form is if I open the Firewall platform configuration and manually refresh it.
0	The only way my pc internet sour is if I open the Firewall Program constellation and manually review it.
1	The greatest thing about the software (in my humble) is that it reads your CD info. 
1	The gravid thing about the software (in my humble) is that it scan your CD information. 
1	The greatest matter about the software (in my small) is that it interpret your CD info. 
1	i took it to my father 's house to play a tom jones concert dvd and he loved the player so much i gave it to him . 
1	i convey it to my generate 's domiciliate to manoeuvre a tom jones concert dvd and he loved the histrion so much i gave it to him . 
1	i hold it to my beginner 's household to bid a tom jones concert dvd and he loved the player so much i commit it to him . 
1	+looks snazzy +smaller than a pack of smokes - easily transported +ac charger included as well as a hardshell that comes with a clip and a stand adapter +USB cable !
1	+expression snazzy +smaller than a mob of fume - easily transported +ac charger included as substantially as a hardshell that descend with a clip and a stand adapter +USB cable !
1	+front snazzy +smaller than a throng of smokes - easily channelize +ac charger included as well as a hardshell that comes with a clip and a support adaptor +USB cable !
1	the WRT54G plus the HGA7T is a perfect solution if you need wireless coverage in a wider area or for a hard-walled house as was my case.     
1	the WRT54G plus the HGA7T is a arrant solution if you necessitate tuner coverage in a wider area or for a hard-walled sign as was my incase.     
1	the WRT54G plus the HGA7T is a thoroughgoing solution if you indigence wireless coverage in a blanket area or for a hard-walled menage as was my type.     
1	Another 5 star performance. 
1	Another 5 lead performance. 
1	Another 5 sensation performance. 
1	And the firewall came with a wizard which made it effortless to configure it to my LAN.
1	And the firewall descend with a whizz which establish it effortless to configure it to my LAN.
1	And the firewall occur with a thaumaturge which ready it effortless to configure it to my LAN.
1	 For me its perfect and the quality for games and word docs is more than acceptable .
1	 For me its perfect and the timber for games and phrase doctor is more than acceptable .
1	 For me its perfect and the timbre for games and Scripture MD is more than acceptable .
0	Now, the player's ear phone jack is not working - I have to send it away again.  
0	Now, the player's ear telephone shit is not exercise - I have to send it away again.  
0	now, the player's ear phone jack is not operative - I have to send it aside again.  
0	The sliding latch is does not stay in place.
0	The sliding latch is does not stay in put.
0	The sliding latch is does not stay in stead.
0	- The outlook synch only works for non recurring appointments, which personally is very annoying to me but probably wont be to most people. - ##Several people complained about the touchpad and frankly i'm starting to see why. 
0	- The mind-set synch only act for non recur appointments, which personally is very teasing to me but probably wont be to most people. - ##Several people plain about the touchpad and frankly i'm initiate to realize why. 
0	- The mind-set synch only bring for non recurring appointments, which personally is very nettle to me but probably wont be to most people. - ##respective people complained about the touchpad and honestly i'm get to project why. 
0	the unit itself did lock up a few times and i had to hit the reset button but that was a fairly painless process as well . 
0	the unit itself did engage up a few meter and i had to make the reset button but that was a fairly painless procedure as substantially . 
0	the unit itself did interlace up a few times and i had to smash the readjust button but that was a moderately painless process as swell . 
0	If someone asked me flat out, i'd say to go woth something else.      
0	If someone asked me prostrate out, i'd enounce to go woth something else.      
0	If someone necessitate me flat out, i'd say to work woth something else.      
1	This new click wheel iPod allows you to navigate through the menus and song via a touch-wheel for scrolling and click-able buttons for selection.  
1	This new detent wheel iPod admit you to navigate through the menus and vocal via a touch-wheel for scrolling and click-able buttons for survival.  
1	This newly detent wheel iPod allows you to voyage through the menus and song via a touch-wheel for scrolling and click-able clit for selection.  
0	 I do n't think the external switch is much of a feature because in the end , you have to learn how to identify IP addresses , switch the router from from a dynamic to static IP address , and assign a static IP address that is compatible with your router or modem .
0	 I do n't cerebrate the extraneous switching is much of a have because in the destruction , you have to acquire how to identify IP speech , flip-flop the router from from a dynamic to static IP reference , and assign a static IP deal that is compatible with your router or modem .
0	 iodine do n't intend the external switch is often of a feature because in the ending , you have to memorize how to identify IP plow , throw the router from from a dynamic to static IP address , and assign a stable informatics accost that is compatible with your router or modem .
0	 Unfortunately , I just could not get it to work .
0	 Unfortunately , I just could not cause it to work .
0	 Unfortunately , I just could not perplex it to work .
0	Even just turning the camera on will move the lens a little, resulting in a noisy start-up.
0	Even just deform the camera on will strike the Lens a little, resulting in a noisy start-up.
0	flush just turning the camera on will move the Lens a little, leave in a noisy start-up.
0	Verdict:  Had I not needed something with a tad bit more space, I consider this player fair game. 
0	Verdict:  Had I not needed something with a shade prick more space, I consider this player honest game. 
0	Verdict:  bear I not needed something with a tad spot more space, unity consider this player fair game. 
1	And the video quality is amazing. 
1	And the video choice is amazing. 
1	And the video quality is stupefy. 
1	I use the scented bags and even if I don't no smell!
1	1 expend the scented bags and even if I don't no smell!
1	I purpose the scented bags and even if 1 don't no smell!
1	 When the Matrox G550 Dual-DVI card comes out , I 'll consider purchasing one more of these super displays .
1	 When the Matrox G550 Dual-DVI add-in comes out , I 'll study purchasing nonpareil more of these super displays .
1	 When the Matrox G550 Dual-DVI card hail out , I 'll consider purchasing nonpareil more of these extremely displays .
1	owner 's manual has substandard troubleshooting guide . 
1	owner 's manual has substandard trouble-shoot guide . 
1	owner 's manual has substandard troubleshooting scout . 
0	In noisy environment, it's hard to hear from the earpiece.
0	In noisy environment, it's strong to see from the earpiece.
0	inch noisy environment, it's operose to hear from the earpiece.
0	 So-So 1. Customer Service - 6 calls Half were efficient other half were equally incompetent.  
0	 So-So 1. Customer Service - 6 forebode Half were efficient other half were as incompetent.  
0	 So-So 1. Customer Service - 6 holler Half were efficient other half were as incompetent.  
1	advanced photobugs will find more creative control than imaginable . 
1	advanced photobugs will detect more creative control than imaginable . 
1	advanced photobugs will find more creative ensure than imaginable . 
1	We've never experienced odor from the pail.
1	We've never experienced odor from the pailful.
1	We've never experienced smell from the pail.
1	 I did have problem connecting my laptop to the internet but there customer service representative was very helpful and patient in walking me through all the steps .
1	 ace did have problem connecting my laptop to the internet but there client Service representative was very helpful and patient in walk me through all the footmark .
1	 i did have problem join my laptop to the net but there customer overhaul representative was very helpful and patient in walk-to me through all the steps .
1	4 megapixels is plenty for all but pros , and you will not be disappointed with the results of this camera . 
1	quatern megapixels is plentitude for all but pros , and you will not be thwarted with the resultant of this camera . 
1	quaternity megapixels is plentifulness for all but pros , and you will not be thwarted with the resolution of this camera . 
1	I actually purchased two phones recently (this one at the new Blackberry phone), and this one is far superior (IMHO).
1	I actually purchased two phones late (this ane at the fresh Blackberry phone), and this unmatched is far superior (IMHO).
1	i really purchased two phones recently (this one at the new Blackberry phone), and this 1 is far superscript (IMHO).
0	now it will not load any disk or just says that there is no disk . 
0	now it will not cargo any record or just tell that there is no disk . 
0	now it will not debase any record or just says that there is no record . 
1	( batteries last longer too ! ) 
1	( batteries close longer too ! ) 
1	( batteries last tenacious too ! ) 
0	After a week I tried to load some more songs and delete a few but the auto load didn't do anything but turn on my player. 
0	After a week single render to load some more songs and blue-pencil a few but the auto consignment didn't do anything but sprain on my player. 
0	after a week I tested to loading some more songs and delete a few but the auto load didn't do anything but ferment on my thespian. 
0	Again, this is a design flaw in the headphone!
0	Again, this is a designing flaw in the headphone!
0	again, this is a design flaw in the headphone!
1	the software is quick & easy to use & i found the entire process very easily mastered . 
1	the software is quick & comfortable to apply & i found the entire process very easily master . 
1	the software is quick & easy to consumption & i ground the intact process very easily mastered . 
1	 I have n't really need any since the display have proven to be very intelligent when resizing different screen res 's and I can use the ATI drivers to adjust things like color temp and gamma .
1	 I have n't actually need any since the display have rise to be very intelligent when resizing different screen rhenium 's and I can function the ATI drivers to align things alike coloration temp and gamma .
1	 ane have n't real need any since the display have prove to be very intelligent when resizing different screen res 's and unity can consumption the ATI drivers to adapt things like color temporary and gamma .
1	i highly recommend this phone to anyone . 
1	i highly commend this phone to anyone . 
1	i highly recommend this earphone to anyone . 
0	 If I only considered the software or internet user manual I would have rated technical support as 2 or maybe 3 -LRB- at best -RRB- .
0	 If I only count the software or internet user manual iodin would have blackleg technical reinforcement as 2 or maybe 3 -LRB- at dear -RRB- .
0	 If I only think the software or internet user manual I would have snitch technical patronise as 2 or maybe III -LRB- at dependable -RRB- .
0	to address two previous somewhat negative reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel does obstruct part of the lower left corner in the lens viewfinder ; however , the lcd viewfinder is rather stunning and i find myself rarely using the lens viewfinder . 
0	to accost two previous somewhat negative survey : ( I ) yes , the lens barrel does obturate break of the lour left corner in the lens viewfinder ; however , the lcd viewfinder is rather stupefy and i observe myself rarely using the lens viewfinder . 
0	to address II previous somewhat electronegative survey : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel does jam share of the lower give corner in the lens viewfinder ; however , the lcd viewfinder is rather stunning and i receive myself rarely employ the lens viewfinder . 
0	I will say that the OS that the phone runs does have a few issues.
0	I will order that the OS that the phone lead does have a few exit.
0	I will say that the O that the phone consort does have a few number.
0	I haven't seen any problems yet, but if you don't like to tinker a bit, this player can be a little challenging to set up.  
0	I haven't insure any problems yet, but if you don't like to putter a bite, this player can be a short challenging to correct up.  
0	iodin haven't project any problems yet, but if you don't like to tinker a snatch, this player can be a little ambitious to laid up.  
1	 Here are my observations : Pros : + Folding ; these have a very clever design that allows them to fold in to a small cube for easy transporting + Good Sound ; produces fairly good sound at all but the highest volume levels -LRB- see `` Cons '' , below -RRB- , at least to my untrained ear + Universal Connector ; the unit uses a standard mini connector , so this can be used with all of MP3 players + Power Options ; comes with a USB power cable or it can use 4 x AAA batteries .
1	 Here are my observance : Pros : + folding ; these have a very clever pattern that countenance them to fold in to a small cube for easy enchant + beneficial Sound ; create fairly thoroughly fathom at all but the gamy loudness levels -LRB- examine `` inmate '' , below -RRB- , at least to my untrained ear + general Connector ; the unit uses a standard mini connector , so this can be used with all of MP3 players + force Options ; comes with a USB mogul cable or it can role 4 x AAA batteries .
1	 Here are my reflection : Pros : + Folding ; these have a very clever design that allows them to folding in to a pocket-size cube for slow delight + just effectual ; produces fairly adept healthy at all but the highest mass charge -LRB- visualise `` Cons '' , below -RRB- , at least to my untrained capitulum + Universal Connector ; the unit uses a standard mini connector , so this can be secondhand with all of MP3 histrion + Power Options ; fare with a USB mightiness cable or it can use 4 x AAA batteries .
0	 You guys need to hire new repair technicians because the ones that are in the repair center obviously have no idea what they are doing .
0	 You guys require to hire new reanimate technician because the ones that are in the compensate midpoint obviously have no idea what they are doing .
0	 You guys take to hire new repair technicians because the single that are in the remediate mall obviously have no theme what they are doing .
1	this phone has a very cool and useful feature -- the speakerphone . 
1	this phone has a very nerveless and utile feature -- the speakerphone . 
1	this telephone has a very assuredness and useful feature -- the speakerphone . 
1	I've had it for about a week now and have to say it's one of the best purchases I've ever made.  
1	I've had it for about a workweek now and have to enjoin it's one of the unspoilt purchases I've ever stool.  
1	I've had it for about a workweek now and have to say it's one of the advantageously purchase I've ever create.  
0	it would either not play the song at all , or skip wildly , no matter that the unit was resting on my desk . 
0	it would either not dally the birdsong at all , or skip wildly , no affair that the unit was lie on my desk . 
0	it would either not dally the vocal at all , or omission wildly , no issue that the unit was resting on my desk . 
1	For more than a year, and it is totally reliable.  
1	For more than a twelvemonth, and it is entirely reliable.  
1	For more than a year, and it is all dependable.  
1	Well Linksys was one of the original big players in the router industry.  
1	Well Linksys was unmatchable of the original cock-a-hoop players in the router industry.  
1	advantageously Linksys was i of the original big players in the router industry.  
0	relative to what i can easily achieve with external flash on my nikon slr , the internal flash on the g3 produces harsh , flat images with ugly hot spots . 
0	congener to what i can easily achieve with external flashing on my nikon slr , the intimate photoflash on the g3 produces harsh , categoric images with ugly hot spots . 
0	relative to what i can easily achieve with external winkle on my nikon slr , the internal brassy on the g3 produces harsh , matt epitome with ugly raging spots . 
0	although i find it more convenient to use 1-touch dialing , this phone does not have voice dialing . 
0	although i regain it more commodious to apply 1-touch dialing , this phone does not have voice dialing . 
0	although i regain it more convenient to exercise 1-touch dialing , this sound does not have voice dialing . 
0	If you are already using a previous version of nortron security and unistalled it to install the new version, you will still have all kind of problems in installing the new version on your system!
0	If you are already using a old version of nortron security and unistalled it to instal the new rendering, you will tranquillize have all genial of problems in establish the new edition on your system!
0	If you are already utilize a old version of nortron security and unistalled it to install the new translation, you will nevertheless have all kind of problems in establish the fresh variation on your system!
0	the dvd player does not work properly . 
0	the dvd player does not turn properly . 
0	the videodisc player does not work properly . 
1	 I absolutely LOVE these speakers .
1	 I absolutely LOVE these verbaliser .
1	 I dead LOVE these speakers .
1	MEMORY/STORAGE - Seemingly boundless.
1	MEMORY/repositing - Seemingly boundless.
1	memory/STORAGE - Seemingly boundless.
1	the ringtones included are awesome , and did i mention they were polyphonic ? 
1	the ringtones included are awe-inspiring , and did i name they were polyphonic ? 
1	the ringtones included are awing , and did i citation they were polyphonic ? 
1	Regardless to this fact, I believe the Champ is the best way to go.
1	Regardless to this fact, I consider the Champ is the best way to sound.
1	Regardless to this fact, ane believe the Champ is the best way to whirl.
1	It also has a voice recorder and FM radio that you can only get on an Ipod if you but an adapter seperately. 
1	It also has a part recorder and FM tuner that you can only arrive on an Ipod if you but an arranger seperately. 
1	It also has a vocalization recorder and Fm radio that you can only acquire on an Ipod if you but an arranger seperately. 
1	Handset quality is great, as is the speakerphone quality and the headset audio quality.
1	Handset quality is smashing, as is the speakerphone quality and the headset audio calibre.
1	Handset timbre is nifty, as is the speakerphone quality and the headset audio quality.
1	the appearance is okayed ( at least not ugly ) . 
1	the appearance is okayed ( at least not despicable ) . 
1	the appearance is okayed ( at least not worthless ) . 
0	 The customer support is very rude .
0	 The customer abide is very rude .
0	 The customer support is very lowbred .
1	Both the on/off switch (soft start) and the depth lock are within easy reach of the right hand.
1	Both the on/off switch (easygoing start) and the depth lock are within easy scope of the right give.
1	Both the on/off switch (soft get-go) and the profoundness lock are within easy reach of the right mitt.
0	The subscription files are still a little slower to transfer, but it's only by about 10% or so.  
0	The subscription files are even a niggling slower to channelise, but it's only by about 10% or so.  
0	The subscription lodge are nevertheless a little slow to transfer, but it's only by about 10% or so.  
1	2) The Champ uses regular store bags.
1	2) The Champ uses even store bags.
1	2) The Champ utilise regular store bags.
1	This is a great diaper pail.
1	This is a great nappy pail.
1	This is a swell diaper pail.
0	Sometimes, various applications crash.
0	Sometimes, respective applications crash.
0	Sometimes, various applications smash.
1	also , i have not had trouble reading svcds that i created and vbr mp3 cds ( my old apex ad-1200 had trouble with these ) . 
1	also , i have not had difficulty recitation svcds that i created and vbr mp3 cds ( my sure-enough apex ad-1200 had pain with these ) . 
1	also , i have not had incommode translate svcds that i created and vbr mp3 cd ( my old apex ad-1200 had inconvenience with these ) . 
0	every time nomad thinks the file is corrupt the os freezes . 
0	every time nomad thinks the file is debauch the os immobilise . 
0	every time nomad thinks the file is profane the Os freezes . 
0	It constantly drops the internet connection and simple things like WALLS in our house block the link so everything is very slow.  
0	It constantly cast the internet association and simple things like WALLS in our house deflect the connectedness so everything is very slow.  
0	It forever drops the internet connecter and simple things like WALLS in our house block the relate so everything is very decelerate.  
1	 This tiny speakers produce really big sound .
1	 This tiny speakers produce really big heavy .
1	 This tiny speakers produce really self-aggrandising sound .
0	Yes, you may get a whiff of a smell when you flip the handle, but then it is gone.
0	Yes, you may nonplus a whiff of a smell when you snotty-nosed the handle, but then it is lead.
0	Yes, you may receive a whiff of a smell when you snotty-nosed the handle, but then it is go.
1	Less than a cheap cordless drill or a laminate trimmer.
1	Less than a meretricious cordless drill or a laminate trig.
1	Less than a tinny cordless drill or a laminate tailored.
1	The battery on mine lasts 2 days if I don't play games that much, and it only takes 90 mins to charge from flat.
1	The battery on mine last 2 days if I don't play games that much, and it only takes 90 Fukien to level from unconditional.
1	The battery on mine lasts 2 days if single don't trifle games that much, and it only fill 90 mins to bang from flat.
0	what really made this a mediocre mp3 player for me was the software . 
0	what actually realize this a mediocre mp3 player for me was the software . 
0	what really take this a second-rate mp3 player for me was the software . 
0	I see many other reviews that say the same....stay away from Norton, they don't deserve you, or anyone!
0	I see many other reviews that allege the same....stop out from Norton, they don't deserve you, or anyone!
0	I understand many other reviews that say the same....appease outside from Norton, they don't deserve you, or anyone!
1	 The model is also very clean and nice , and the software is very user-friendly .
1	 The exemplar is also very plumb and nice , and the software is very user-friendly .
1	 The model is also very sporty and decent , and the software is very user-friendly .
0	The Diaper Genie needs it's own refill bags in order to work and that's just more money that you don't have to spend.
0	The Diaper Genie needs it's own refill pocketbook in tell to influence and that's just more money that you don't have to drop.
0	The Diaper djinn need it's own refill pocket in decree to work and that's just more money that you don't have to spend.
1	I click pictures in JPG format and because the phone has a bluetooth device I find it extremely easy to transfer pics to my pc and forth.
1	I chatter fancy in JPG format and because the phone has a bluetooth device I breakthrough it extremely easy to transpose flick to my pc and forth.
1	I click delineation in JPG format and because the earphone has a bluetooth device I encounter it extremely easy to transferee photo to my pc and forth.
1	this is wonderful to have for your first dvd player . 
1	this is rattling to have for your beginning dvd player . 
1	this is wonderful to have for your initiatory videodisc player . 
0	This camera uses a lithium battery, I find lithium batteries to be highly inconvenient; because what if you are on vacation, where the nearest place to buy batteries is just a gas station--there is no way that you are going to find lithium batteries there.
0	This camera employ a lithium battery, i uncovering lithium batteries to be highly inconvenient; because what if you are on vacation, where the skinny station to buy barrage is just a petrol station--there is no way that you are leaving to find lithium battery there.
0	This camera utilisation a lithium battery, I encounter lithium batteries to be highly inconvenient; because what if you are on vacation, where the dear target to bribe batteries is just a accelerator station--there is no room that you are sound to discover lithium batteries there.
1	There is no comparison, the chanp is easy and smell free, the genie was difficult to use one handed (which is absolutly vital if you have a little one on a changing pad) and there was a deffinite odor eminating from the genie plus we found that the quick tie garbage bags where the ties are integrated into the bag work really well because there isn't any added bulk around the sealing edge of the champ.
1	There is no comparability, the chanp is slowly and smell unblock, the genie was difficult to utilize unity handed (which is absolutly vital if you have a small one on a deepen pad) and there was a deffinite odor eminating from the genie plus we found that the flying marry garbage bags where the tie-up are integrated into the base mold really well because there isn't any added volume some the sealing bound of the champ.
1	thither is no comparison, the chanp is well-to-do and tone free, the genie was difficult to use unmatchable handed (which is absolutly vital if you have a little unrivalled on a ever-changing pad) and there was a deffinite odor eminating from the genie plus we constitute that the quick connect garbage suitcase where the link are integrated into the bag forge really intimately because there isn't any tally bulk roughly the sealing edge of the champion.
1	the zx boasts superior sound quality than the ipod , however it compromises a bit of the unit 's size in doing so . 
1	the zx boast master strait quality than the ipod , however it compromises a mo of the unit 's size in doing so . 
1	the zx boasts master audio quality than the ipod , however it compromises a act of the unit 's sizing in doing so . 
0	A couple of times a week it seems to cease access to the internet. 
0	A dyad of times a workweek it seems to cease access to the internet. 
0	A match of clock a week it seems to cease access to the internet. 
0	 I agree with the earlier reviewer who said that there is a very limited vertical viewing angle in order to get consistent contrast .
0	 I gibe with the earlier reviewer who said that there is a very circumscribe vertical viewing angle in order to fetch consistent counterpoint .
0	 i agree with the earlier reviewer who enjoin that there is a very modified vertical viewing angle in order to sustain consistent contrast .
0	1 ) the included lens cap is very loose on the camera . 
0	ane ) the included lens roof is very loose on the camera . 
0	single ) the included lens cap is very liberal on the camera . 
0	i get to chapter 34 and everything freezes ! 
0	i contract to chapter 34 and everything freezes ! 
0	i start to chapter 34 and everything freezes ! 
1	 I do n't want to be a sensationalist but this computer is incredible .
1	 ace do n't want to be a sensationalist but this calculator is incredible .
1	 iodine do n't want to be a sensationalist but this calculator is incredible .
0	the only thing i did experience was a problem of the player freezing while playing , which i was able to clear by opening it up and blowing it out with " canned air . " 
0	the only thing i did experience was a job of the player freezing while playacting , which i was able to clearly by spread it up and blow it out with " sack air . " 
0	the only thing i did experience was a problem of the player immobilize while toy , which i was able to solve by open it up and bodge it out with " canned atmosphere . " 
0	The digital zoom is crap.
0	The digital zoom is defecate.
0	The digital zoom is dirt.
0	 Although I was concerned about the plastic material and the fragile look , but it really works .
0	 Although I was concerned about the fictile corporeal and the fragile look , but it actually works .
0	 Although ace was concerned about the plastic material and the fragile aspect , but it really wreak .
1	But from my experience, by the time it gets to that point, the bag is really heavy, so I think this is kind of helpful- it's a built-in way of keeping the bag manageable upon emptying.
1	But from my experience, by the time it capture to that steer, the dish is really gruelling, so ace think this is kind of helpful- it's a built-in way of save the bag accomplishable upon emptying.
1	But from my see, by the clock it take to that degree, the bag is really backbreaking, so I think this is kind of helpful- it's a built-in manner of guardianship the bag manageable upon emptying.
1	 I am very happy with this monitor .
1	 I am very glad with this monitor .
1	 i am very happy with this monitor .
1	now heres the stuff you should know starting with the good things : the screen is really big and the blue light in the back is perfect , fast as hell in music transfer , controls are easy to use after mastering the scroll button , great sound and ive heard many mp3 players , a ton of different equilizer type deals on here . 
1	now heres the engorge you should know startle with the estimable things : the screen is really grownup and the dismal light in the back is perfect , degraded as hell in music transfer , ascendency are promiscuous to use after overcome the scroll button , great wakeless and ive heard many mp3 players , a ton of different equilizer type mess on here . 
1	now heres the gormandize you should know starting with the dependable things : the screen is really big and the naughty loose in the punt is perfect , fast as hell in music transfer , ascendancy are easy to habituate after control the scroll button , great strait and ive heard many mp3 musician , a ton of different equilizer type passel on here . 
1	Reset the network, tried the connection, and it's working like a charm. 
1	Reset the network, tried the connectedness, and it's working like a trance. 
1	Reset the network, tried the connection, and it's forge like a enamour. 
1	 These monitors are great for the price .
1	 These monitors are dandy for the price .
1	 These monitors are great for the Price .
1	 All the "cool" features of the mini, but with 20GB instead of 5.  
1	 All the "coolheaded" features of the mini, but with 20GB instead of V.  
1	 completely the "cool" feature of the mini, but with 20GB instead of 5.  
1	after considering my needs further and researching the marketplace, I decided on the s100.
1	after regard my needs further and researching the marketplace, I distinct on the s100.
1	after think my postulate further and researching the marketplace, I decided on the s100.
1	 It was easy to install all of the components and directions were easy to understand , even for an old guy like me .
1	 It was easy to install all of the components and counsel were leisurely to understand , regular for an old Guy like me .
1	 It was well-to-do to install all of the components and directions were leisurely to sympathize , even for an quondam guy like me .
1	 My wife is even more pleased due to its widescreen .
1	 My wife is still more pleased ascribable to its widescreen .
1	 My wife is tied more pleased referable to its widescreen .
0	after hooking the thing up , i found that it would only played less than 50 % of the dvds i put in it . 
0	after gazump the thing up , i retrieve that it would only work less than 50 % of the dvds i invest in it . 
0	after rob the thing up , i base that it would only played less than fifty % of the dvds i position in it . 
0	when i tried to install the second dvd player in my brothers house , that one didn " t work either ! 
0	when i tried to install the second dvd player in my brothers firm , that unmatched didn " t sour either ! 
0	when i tried to install the second dvd player in my sidekick sign , that one didn " t study either ! 
1	 Most products will last if taken care of , and Logitech 's products are no exception to this rule , however , since they are somewhat , in fact a great deal more sturdy , than my old radio .
1	 Most products will finale if lease tutelage of , and Logitech 's products are no exception to this prescript , however , since they are fairly , in fact a great mickle more sturdy , than my old radio .
1	 Most products will last if taken caution of , and Logitech 's products are no exception to this prescript , however , since they are slightly , in fact a heavy passel more stout , than my old radio .
1	Believe me when I say this I have used and fingered all Nokia phones and the 6600 has the best keypad
1	conceive me when ane say this I have use and fingered all Nokia phones and the 6600 has the skilful keypad
1	think me when I say this single have used and fingered all Nokia headphone and the 6600 has the comfortably keypad
0	the top did not fit well into the unit . ( felt defective ) 
0	the top did not accommodate well into the unit . ( palpate defective ) 
0	the top did not scene fountainhead into the unit . ( felt defective ) 
0	i tried to make sense of the file transfer program and just got more confused . 
0	i tried to attain sense of the charge transfer program and just got more blur . 
0	i tried to hold sense of the file transfer program and just experience more blur . 
1	Also, the WMA compression format is superior to MP3, especially at lower bit rates, so I needed a player that could handle WMA and integrate well with my Windows XP computers.  
1	also, the WMA compaction arrange is superior to MP3, especially at lower mo betray, so I needed a player that could handle WMA and integrate well with my windowpane XP computers.  
1	likewise, the WMA compression format is superscript to MP3, especially at crushed minute blackleg, so I needed a player that could handgrip WMA and integrate well with my Windows XP computers.  
0	video output stopped workin . 
0	television output stopped workin . 
0	video output stop workin . 
0	p.s the remote control does seem to get confused at times and doesnt respond but it may be just operator error ? 
0	p.s the remote ascendancy does seem to flummox bedevil at times and doesnt respond but it may be just operator misplay ? 
0	p.s the remote control does seem to acquire confounded at times and doesnt react but it may be just operator misplay ? 
0	i 've tried leaving questions on their site never to have them answered . 
0	i 've seek will questions on their site never to have them answered . 
0	i 've tried give wonder on their site never to have them answered . 
1	great sound ; good interface ; replaceable , powerful battery ; good software ; wake-up , sleep timers ; multiple play modes 
1	dandy sound ; good interface ; replaceable , powerful battery ; serious software ; wake-up , sleep timers ; multiple swordplay modes 
1	gravid sound ; good interface ; replaceable , powerful battery ; expert software ; wake-up , sleep timers ; multiple maneuver modes 
1	there is an alarm , i still havent used it yet , but it should be good . 
1	there is an alarm , i static havent utilize it yet , but it should be honest . 
1	there is an horrify , i noneffervescent havent used it withal , but it should be good . 
0	it is made of plastic . 
0	it is clear of plastic . 
0	it is piss of plastic . 
0	 The only drawback is the speaker wire is very thin .
0	 The only drawback is the speaker telegraph is very cut .
0	 The only drawback is the verbaliser wire is very flimsy .
0	 While upgrading the memory the keyboard connector broke .
0	 While upgrading the memory the keyboard connexion broke .
0	 spell upgrading the memory the keyboard connector broke .
0	The "movies" last about 5 seconds.
0	The "movies" last about 5 endorse.
0	The "movies" last about v seconds.
1	the software was great , as long as you have an adminstrative user account ( windows xp ) . 
1	the software was capital , as farsighted as you have an adminstrative exploiter account ( windows xp ) . 
1	the software was slap-up , as yearn as you have an adminstrative user bill ( windows xp ) . 
0	because the "engineers" at Creative screwed up the design of the headphone jack. 
0	because the "engineers" at Creative screwed up the contrive of the headphone diddley. 
0	because the "technologist" at Creative screwed up the design of the headphone doodly-squat. 
0	The only downside to this is that it can get pretty stinky long before the pail is full.
0	The only downside to this is that it can begin pretty stinky retentive before the pail is good.
0	The only downside to this is that it can produce pretty stinky long before the pailful is wide-cut.
0	 In fact others say not bright enough ?
0	 In fact others say not bright decent ?
0	 In fact others say not brightly enough ?
0	one still works fine , the other quit after one day . 
0	one still works fine , the other renounce after peerless day . 
0	one withal function fine , the other quit after one day . 
1	It's still one of the smallest 2MP digital cameras on the market, and absolutely one of the best-built most stylish cameras ever.
1	It's hush ane of the smallest 2MP digital camera on the market, and absolutely unitary of the best-built most stylish cameras ever.
1	It's nonetheless one of the pocket-sized 2MP digital cameras on the market, and absolutely ace of the best-built most fashionable cameras ever.
0	 My overall experience with this monitor was very poor .
0	 My overall experience with this monitor was very misfortunate .
0	 My overall experience with this monitor was very pitiable .
1	people also have complained about the case not having a window , but that 's not really a big deal to me either -- the case is sturdy and offers very good protection . 
1	multitude also have complained about the encase not having a window , but that 's not really a handsome pot to me either -- the causa is sturdy and offers very effective protection . 
1	people also have complained about the typeface not having a window , but that 's not really a bounteous treat to me either -- the typeface is sturdy and offering very soundly protection . 
0	scroll button - the scroll wheel was a nice idea to keep less clutter , but the button would sometimes get stuck or keep scrolling . 
0	scroll button - the scroll bike was a nice idea to livelihood less clutter , but the button would sometimes get stupefy or keep scroll . 
0	scroll button - the scroll wheel was a skillful mind to keep less clutter , but the button would sometimes get wedge or hold scrolling . 
1	It's being used daily and I have had none of the problems reported by other reviewers (headphone jack, player locking up, etc). 
1	It's being used daily and I have had none of the problems report by other reviewer (headphone diddly-shit, player operate up, etc). 
1	It's being victimized daily and I have had none of the problems reported by other reviewers (headphone diddly-squat, instrumentalist engage up, etc). 
0	the grain was terrible . 
0	the grain was awful . 
0	the grain was wicked . 
0	Holy cow! It really does scratch easily!
0	Holy cow! It actually does scratch easily!
0	Holy cow! It really does pelf easily!
1	 This router is phenomenal !
1	 This router is phenomenal !
1	Very simple and painless.
1	Very simple-minded and painless.
1	Very unproblematic and painless.
0	the quick sync is n't any good becuase it either needs to be configured properly or just is n't very useful . 
0	the flying sync is n't any adept becuase it either indigence to be configured properly or just is n't very utile . 
0	the promptly sync is n't any expert becuase it either ask to be configured decent or just is n't very useful . 
1	(we wrap them nice and tight) *we use our regular kitchen trash bags--cheap!
1	(we wrap them nice and compressed) *we use our regular kitchen codswallop bags--cheap!
1	(we wrap them nice and miserly) *we manipulation our regular kitchen trash bags--cheap!
0	A lot of people are having problems with the firmware update required to use the player for Napster to Go.. The firmware is beta and they are are a lot of bugs in it. 
0	A passel of people are having problems with the firmware update needful to role the player for Napster to extend.. The firmware is beta and they are are a circumstances of intercept in it. 
0	amp mickle of people are having problems with the firmware update require to purpose the player for Napster to break.. The firmware is beta and they are are a allot of bugs in it. 
0	 D-Link got greedy and in trying to sell you their pathetic extras made the product unusable .
0	 D-Link beget devouring and in trying to sell you their misfortunate extras made the product unusable .
0	 D-Link flummox devouring and in trying to sell you their poor extras made the product unusable .
0	It is buggy, slow and basically frustrates the heck out of the user.
0	It is bonkers, slow and basically dun the heck out of the user.
0	It is roadster, behind and basically frustrates the heck out of the user.
0	The touch controls took a little getting used to but now I wouldn't change it for the scroll wheel. 
0	The soupcon master took a little stimulate used to but now I wouldn't change it for the scroll wheel. 
0	The touch ascendency took a little father use to but now I wouldn't change it for the scroll wheel. 
0	i 've had this thing for less than a month , treated it quite well , never dropped it , and the headphone jack is all screwed up . 
0	i 've had this affair for less than a month , tempered it quite well , ne'er throw it , and the headphone jack is all jockey up . 
0	i 've had this thing for less than a month , process it quite well , never sink it , and the phone doodly-squat is all hump up . 
1	after a lengthy and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , high performance , travel size camera , i initially gravitated to this little gem because of the superior picture quality 4 mega pixel . 
1	after a prolonged and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , eminent performance , travelling sizing camera , i initially gravitated to this little muffin because of the superior photograph quality 4 mega pixel . 
1	after a protracted and extensive journeying for a feature-loaded , high performance , trip size camera , i initially gravitated to this piffling gem because of the superior characterisation prime 4 mega pixel . 
1	As opposed to the Nomad II or any other flash based player, the songs load extremely fast...about one or two seconds per song. 
1	As opposed to the Nomad II or any other fanfare based player, the songs stretch extremely fast...about one or two bit per Sung. 
1	ampere opposed to the Nomad ii or any other flash based player, the songs load extremely degraded...about one or two seconds per vocal. 
1	the display is awesome , you can see everything you want and read it clearly 
1	the display is awesome , you can see everything you neediness and read it distinctly 
1	the display is awful , you can understand everything you want and read it clearly 
1	they 're pretty comfortable , stay in place and deliver a decent audio quality . 
1	they 're pretty comfortable , stay in rank and deliver a decent audio timbre . 
1	they 're pretty well-to-do , stay in home and deliver a decent audio quality . 
0	It feels like I'm back to the days of 56k dial-up internet service, even though I'm running a Dell 2GHz Pentium 4 with 256MB memory and have had excellent broadband service for the past year.
0	It feels like I'm hinder to the years of 56k dial-up internet avail, even though I'm flow a Dell 2GHz Pentium foursome with 256MB retentivity and have had excellent broadband service for the past twelvemonth.
0	It look wish I'm indorse to the days of 56k dial-up internet help, even though I'm move a Dell 2GHz Pentium iv with 256MB memory and have had excellent broadband serving for the past year.
0	one beef is the scroll , it does n't work as well as i 'd like . 
0	one gripe is the scroll , it does n't ferment as well as i 'd wish . 
0	one grouse is the scroll , it does n't work as intimately as i 'd alike . 
0	Sometimes a suite is not a good deal and all you get is a bundle of headaches.
0	Sometimes a suite is not a beneficial cope and all you fix is a bundle of headaches.
0	Sometimes a suite is not a undecomposed conduct and all you fetch is a bundle of headaches.
1	With the right firmware, drag and drop to and from the player like any other jump drive.  
1	With the right firmware, drag and unload to and from the player like any other leap force.  
1	With the right firmware, drag and unload to and from the player like any other skip motor.  
0	The FM radio's reception isn't spectacular, but it will pick up the most powerful stations in any given metro area. 
0	The FM radio's reception isn't spectacular, but it will pick up the most herculean stations in any precondition underground expanse. 
0	The fermium radio's reception isn't spectacular, but it will pick up the most potent stations in any consecrate metro region. 
1	 Hi , I just got this , and let me tell you is an awsome monitor , Size , looking and 3d is awsome good with this LCD .
1	 Hi , I just fix this , and let me secern you is an awsome monitor , sizing , looking and 3d is awsome estimable with this LCD .
1	 Hi , iodine just stimulate this , and let me tell you is an awsome monitor , Size , expect and 3d is awsome skilful with this LCD .
0	2 ) no games - it has a cool screen - why not use it . 
0	2 ) no games - it has a cool sort - why not utilization it . 
0	2 ) no plot - it has a cool screen - why not purpose it . 
0	I registered for this item because of the good reviews it got, however I was not impressed.
0	I registered for this item because of the unspoiled followup it experience, however I was not impressed.
0	unity registered for this item because of the good reviews it draw, however I was not strike.
1	the 4300 comes with excellent easy to install software i use it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and video cable . 
1	the 4300 fare with fantabulous gentle to install software i function it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and video cable . 
1	the 4300 seed with excellent easy to install software i utilize it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and telecasting wire . 
1	This is the fourth version of SystemWorks and the second version of Internet Security that I have used and it has always been a favorite.
1	This is the 4th version of SystemWorks and the second version of Internet Security that single have exploited and it has forever been a front-runner.
1	This is the fourth edition of SystemWorks and the second interpretation of net Security that I have employ and it has always been a deary.
0	Can't get easier than that!
0	Can't aim easier than that!
0	Can't gravel easier than that!
0	The Hitachi collet simply was not ground accurately.
0	The Hitachi collet simply was not drudge accurately.
0	The Hitachi collet simply was not labor accurately.
1	5 ) the cheap , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from creative ) is a great advantage over the ipod 's battery which costs $ 100 to replace . 
1	5 ) the cheap , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from creative ) is a groovy advantage over the iPod 's battery which be $ 100 to exchange . 
1	5 ) the cheesy , user-replaceable shelling ( $ 50 from creative ) is a bully advantage over the ipod 's battery which costs $ 100 to supersede . 
0	Especially the bluetooth server... Meaning you have to restart the phone if you want bluetooth to work again.
0	Especially the bluetooth server... mean you have to resume the phone if you want bluetooth to ferment again.
0	Especially the bluetooth waiter... Meaning you have to restart the headphone if you want bluetooth to forge again.
1	now that i own it , however , i can 't imagine being without it ! 
1	now that i own it , nevertheless , i can 't ideate being without it ! 
1	now that i own it , still , i can 't ideate being without it ! 
0	This one is particularly bothersome: Allegedly one can use the Zen Micro as a portable drive to store and transport data from one computer to another.
0	This one is particularly bothersome: Allegedly nonpareil can use the pane Micro as a portable labour to fund and transport data from unmatched computer to another.
0	This unity is particularly bothersome: Allegedly peerless can utilise the Zen Micro as a portable aim to storage and transport data from one computer to another.
0	tech support from apex is literally - nonexistent . 
0	tech reinforcement from apex is literally - nonexistent . 
0	tech underpin from apex is literally - nonexistent . 
1	the storage capacity is great for me -- 
1	the reposition capacity is great for me -- 
1	the storage capacity is dandy for me -- 
1	The Zen offered a great alternative. 
1	The Zen offered a expectant alternative. 
1	The Zen offered a groovy alternative. 
0	After repeatly cleaning and recleaning, it still stuck after using it for a little while.
0	After repeatly cleaning and recleaning, it calm perplex after habituate it for a little while.
0	After repeatly cleansing and recleaning, it ease stuck after using it for a piddling while.
1	working for 10 hours with it on " shuffle " totally rocks ! ! 
1	act for 10 hours with it on " shuffle " totally rock ! ! 
1	wreak for 10 hours with it on " make " totally rocks ! ! 
0	the only complaint i have is that when you push in the scroll wheel to select , you have to push straight in or it sticks . 
0	the only complaint i have is that when you advertize in the gyre wheel to prime , you have to crusade straight in or it peg . 
0	the only complaint i have is that when you thrust in the scroll cycle to select , you have to get-up-and-go consecutive in or it reefer . 
0	my " fast forward " button works , but it takes a little extra pressure on it to make it go . 
0	my " fast forward " button shape , but it issue a short extra pressure on it to make it go . 
0	my " fast forward " button solve , but it read a little extra pressure on it to make it operate . 
0	I'd recommend this is you want to wireless network your laptop, but if you want to wirelessly network a couple desktops together you might want to wait until Linksys improves their desktop software/hardware.     
0	I'd advocate this is you neediness to wireless network your laptop, but if you want to wirelessly network a brace desktops together you might wishing to wait until Linksys ameliorate their desktop software/ironware.     
0	I'd advocate this is you require to wireless network your laptop, but if you lack to wirelessly network a yoke desktops together you might want to delay until Linksys improves their desktop software/ironware.     
0	But if I installed either one of these Norton products, neither works after installation?
0	But if iodine installed either one of these Norton products, neither works after facility?
0	but if I installed either ane of these Norton products, neither works after installation?
0	the instructions that come with it do n't explain how to make things simple . 
0	the instructions that cum with it do n't explain how to make things dewy-eyed . 
0	the instructions that fare with it do n't explain how to crap things simple . 
0	the setup process for the nomad is infuriating , and the interface with the player is sub-par . 
0	the frame-up litigate for the nomad is infuriating , and the interface with the thespian is sub-par . 
0	the setup march for the nomad is exasperate , and the interface with the actor is sub-par . 
1	 I am using JBL N38 II as surround left & right , which is again a very nice excellent speaker set .
1	 I am habituate JBL N38 II as wall left & right , which is again a very nice excellent speaker specify .
1	 I am using JBL N38 II as surroundings left-hand & right , which is again a very nice excellent speaker localise .
0	it would have been much nicer if it had a window so you could see the screen , and if the button did n't cover up the ac jack . 
0	it would have been much gracious if it had a window so you could figure the covert , and if the button did n't top up the ac jackass . 
0	it would have been often nicer if it had a window so you could witness the blind , and if the button did n't breed up the ac jackass . 
0	it would spin , read , spin some more and then show on the display that there was no disc . 
0	it would spin , scan , tailspin some more and then present on the display that there was no disc . 
0	it would twist , record , tailspin some more and then show on the display that there was no disc . 
1	 Again , the sounds were spot-on and projected from where they should , the front of the TV .
1	 Again , the vocalize were spot-on and externalize from where they should , the front of the tv .
1	 Again , the voice were spot-on and jut from where they should , the front of the television .
1	the camera was a marvel . 
1	the camera was a marvel . 
1	the camera was a wonder . 
1	fact is , it could n't be easier to use . 
1	fact is , it could n't be easier to enjoyment . 
1	fact is , it could n't be wanton to use . 
1	There is no odor and extremely easy to use.
1	There is no aroma and extremely easy to use.
1	There is no odor and exceedingly easy to use.
1	So far it has been very durable (other than the little pads on the earbuds), but those aren't really necessary as I find them comfortable on their own. 
1	So far it has been very durable (other than the slight tramp on the earbuds), but those aren't really necessity as iodin detect them comfortable on their own. 
1	then far it has been very indestructible (other than the fiddling pads on the earbuds), but those aren't really necessary as I incur them comfy on their own. 
0	so loud , really , that it does n't work terribly well as a silent ringer option . 
0	so loud , really , that it does n't form frightfully fountainhead as a silent ringer option . 
0	so loud , really , that it does n't turn terribly fountainhead as a unsounded ringer option . 
0	I got about 700 loaded up before it told me I was full, and at that point, I was ready to toss it out the window.   
0	I fix about 700 besotted up before it tell me I was wide-cut, and at that head, I was ready to toss it out the window.   
0	unity experience about 700 loaded up before it told me I was full, and at that charge, iodin was set to toss it out the window.   
0	Such a small zoom length that you would think that the zoom would be silent since it hardly zooms in...wrong!
0	Such a little zoom length that you would recall that the zoom would be silent since it scarce zooms in...incorrectly!
0	Such a low zoom length that you would guess that the zoom would be silent since it scarce zooms in...unseasonable!
0	Not a killer problem, but not well done, either.
0	Not a killer problem, but not well cause, either.
0	Not a killer problem, but not wellspring done, either.
1	The heavy motor and continuously variable speed control let this router churn through everything I threw at it.
1	The backbreaking motor and continuously variable amphetamine ascendancy let this router churn through everything I threw at it.
1	The heavy motor and continuously variable speed ascendance let this router churn through everything i contrive at it.
1	Transfering MP3s are a cinch with the included software. 
1	reassign MP3s are a cinch with the included software. 
1	transmit MP3s are a cinch with the included software. 
0	All the camera's functionality is only available (or selectable) when the screen is functional.
0	altogether the camera's functionality is only available (or selectable) when the screen is operable.
0	whole the camera's functionality is only uncommitted (or selectable) when the screen is functional.
1	The device looks very cool, I think (exactly as the photos promise), it's comfortable and lightweight in my jacket pocket, and the interface and controls are easy enough to navigate after a bit of practice.  
1	The device face very chill, I recollect (exactly as the photos promise), it's comfortable and lightweight in my jacket bag, and the interface and controls are easy decent to navigate after a mo of rehearse.  
1	The device looks very coolheaded, I think (exactly as the photos assure), it's comfortable and lightweight in my crown pocket, and the interface and ascendence are well-off enough to navigate after a morsel of do.  
1	the auto-mode is good enough for most shots but the 4300 also boasts 12 versatile scene modes as well as a manual mode though i admit i have n't played with it too much on manual . 
1	the auto-mode is proficient enough for most gibe but the 4300 also bluster 12 versatile view modes as well as a manual fashion though i intromit i have n't run with it too much on manual . 
1	the auto-mode is proficient enough for most shot but the 4300 also blow 12 versatile setting modes as well as a manual style though i accept i have n't play with it too much on manual . 
0	I've often struggled to get something to work the way I want it, and hate to have to carry the manual with me all the time!
0	I've often shinny to arrest something to cultivate the way iodine want it, and hate to have to convey the manual with me all the time!
0	I've often struggled to catch something to study the path unity want it, and hate to have to transport the manual with me all the time!
1	I wanted standard memory expansion (CF cards), macro mode, and if possible, a waterproof housing (for kayaking).
1	I need stock memory expansion (CF cards), macro mood, and if possible, a waterproof housing (for kayaking).
1	I precious banner memory expansion (CF wag), macro mode, and if possible, a waterproof housing (for kayaking).
1	sound quality is wonderful , i really like the smart volume sound normalization . 
1	sound lineament is tremendous , i really like the smart volume sound normalization . 
1	sound quality is wonderful , i really corresponding the smart bulk sound normalization . 
0	I mean, they're short!
0	I beggarly, they're short!
0	I mean, they're shortstop!
0	The support has been less than impressive, considering the cost. 
0	The backup has been less than impressive, see the cost. 
0	The endorse has been LE than impressive, considering the cost. 
1	 No dropouts , good signal strength all over my three story house -LRB- unit is located on the top floor -RRB- and very user friendly in the setup and security aspects .
1	 No dropouts , dependable signal effectiveness all over my III story sign -LRB- unit is located on the exceed floor -RRB- and very user friendly in the setup and certificate aspects .
1	 nobelium dropouts , right signal strength all over my three chronicle house -LRB- unit is settle on the top floor -RRB- and very user favorable in the setup and surety aspects .
0	 <p> It 's not lite on weight ... so sad ... I definately recommend it to anyone out there .
0	 <P> It 's not lite on weight ... so deplorable ... one definately recommend it to anyone out there .
0	 <p> IT 's not lite on burden ... so sad ... ane definately recommend it to anyone out there .
0	the controls are somewhat harder to use than the ipod , but i have gotten use to them , and even at the beginning did not think would justify the huge difference in price . 
0	the ascendancy are middling firmly to usage than the ipod , but i have capture usage to them , and even at the beginning did not think would justify the huge difference in price . 
0	the controls are reasonably toilsome to exercise than the ipod , but i have stick use to them , and eve at the beginning did not think would justify the huge difference in toll . 
0	i 've also had the nomad zen lock-up several times . 
0	i 've also had the nomad superman lock-up respective times . 
0	i 've also had the nomad superman lock-up several meter . 
0	 Hooked up to the D-Link extreme N , connected speed dropped to 18mbps and wireless down to 8mbps .
0	 aquiline up to the D-Link extreme N , connected rush shed to 18mbps and wireless down to 8mbps .
0	 filch up to the D-Link extreme N , attached speed spend to 18mbps and wireless down to 8mbps .
0	the eax sound enhancement feature did n't do enough for me and the custom eq was a limited 5 band eq . 
0	the eax effectual enhancement feature did n't do sufficiency for me and the impost eq was a limited quintuplet band eq . 
0	the eax wakeless enhancement feature did n't do enough for me and the custom-made eq was a fix quint band eq . 
0	some dvd 's i rented would not play . 
0	some dvd 's i rented would not recreate . 
0	some dvd 's i rented would not wreak . 
0	 Called their support , they did n't have a clue so I returned it and I am looking for something else that will give me 150 mbps .
0	 anticipate their documentation , they did n't have a clue so I devolve it and I am search for something else that will springiness me 150 mbps .
0	 yell their subscribe , they did n't have a cue so I returned it and I am see for something else that will present me 150 mbps .
0	The Creative Zen Micro is a Zen Micro killer, not an Ipod killer. 
0	The Creative Zen Micro is a dose Micro killer, not an iPod killer. 
0	The Creative Zen micro is a Zen Micro killer, not an Ipod orca. 
0	whatever...  on to the negatives:  -touchy about charging... you can damage the battery and seriously decrease it's life if you don't upgrade the firmware OR dont' heed the advice to always plug in the player side of the cord before plugging in the outlet side. 
0	whatever...  on to the negatives:  -feisty about tear... you can damage the battery and earnestly decrement it's life if you don't climb the firmware OR dont' regard the advice to constantly quid in the player side of the cord before punch in the outlet side. 
0	whatever...  on to the negatives:  -touchy about blame... you can damage the battery and severely decrease it's life-time if you don't advance the firmware surgery dont' regard the advice to perpetually ballyhoo in the player side of the cord before plug in the outlet side. 
0	The box proudly displays "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless Made Simple" "One Touch Setup Button" "Easy Start" "Easy Security" "Easy Everyday"   Apparently Linksys/Cisco knows that ease of setup is crucial. 
0	The box proudly displays "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless clear Simple" "peerless adjoin Setup Button" "well-off Start" "Easy Security" "Easy mundane"   Apparently Linksys/Cisco knows that ease of setup is crucial. 
0	The box proudly displays "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless have Simple" "ace Touch Setup Button" "easygoing Start" "Easy security" "Easy workaday"   Apparently Linksys/Cisco knows that ease of setup is crucial. 
0	IRiver has a better FM receiver built in, but the drawback to IRiver products is they are flimsy and poorly constructed. 
0	IRiver has a intimately FM recipient built in, but the drawback to IRiver products is they are unconvincing and poorly build. 
0	IRiver has a unspoilt FM receiver built in, but the drawback to IRiver product is they are tenuous and poorly make. 
0	I no longer use it as a plunge router, only as a stationary or table mounted router.
0	I no longer usage it as a engulf router, only as a stationary or table ride router.
0	I no retentive utilize it as a engulf router, only as a stationary or table mounted router.
1	 Office Starter Web Cam is also fairly good Light in weight and elegant Cons : I wo n't say anything bad as you are just paying 280 for this net book .
1	 Office Starter Web Cam is also somewhat good wanton in weight and elegant goldbrick : iodin wo n't say anything bad as you are just bear 280 for this nett book .
1	 Office crank Web Cam is also fairly dear dismount in burden and elegant Cons : I wo n't read anything spoiled as you are just paying 280 for this net book .
0	otherwise , it is difficult to figure out and awkward . 
0	otherwise , it is difficult to fig out and awkward . 
0	otherwise , it is difficult to forecast out and awkward . 
1	 It works , good customer service -LRB- so far -RRB- = 4 stars .
1	 It workings , good customer service -LRB- so far -RRB- = 4 mavin .
1	 It works , good customer service -LRB- so far -RRB- = quaternity lead .
0	my only gripe about the hardware is the buttons . 
0	my only beef about the hardware is the buttons . 
0	my only squawk about the hardware is the buttons . 
1	 The!  sound quality is great. 
1	 The!  heavy quality is great. 
1	 The!  sound timbre is great. 
1	nokia does not disappoint in this model . 
1	nokia does not disappoint in this modelling . 
1	nokia does not disappoint in this posture . 
0	it has never worked . 
0	it has never exercise . 
0	it has never influence . 
0	You can upgrade but then there's a certain level of trouble involved.
0	You can upgrade but then there's a certain layer of upset involved.
0	You can upgrade but then there's a certain rase of incommode involved.
0	minor complaints : 1 ) even though the music is sorted via id3 tag on the player , the option to search for music contained in a folder is unavailable . 
0	tiddler ill : 1 ) even though the medicine is separate via id3 tag on the player , the option to research for music contained in a folder is unavailable . 
0	underage complaints : 1 ) evening though the music is sorted via id3 rag on the player , the option to look for music bear in a folder is unavailable . 
1	i only wanted something to play dvds on but this machine has all these other features that i probably will never use but it 's nice to know that there 're there . 
1	i only desire something to roleplay dvds on but this auto has all these other features that i believably will never enjoyment but it 's squeamish to know that there 're there . 
1	i only precious something to bring videodisc on but this machine has all these other features that i credibly will never utilization but it 's nice to cognise that there 're there . 
1	having used it for more than a month , i can say that it consistently produces topnotch photos . 
1	having used it for more than a month , i can state that it consistently acquire tiptop photos . 
1	having used it for more than a month , i can tell that it consistently produces super photo . 
0	 This router does drop every once in a while , but not like the old router did every hour or so !
0	 This router does dip every once in a while , but not similar the onetime router did every hr or so !
0	 This router does swing every once in a while , but not care the sure-enough router did every hr or so !
0	* lens visible in optical viewfinder . 
0	* Lens visible in optical viewfinder . 
0	* lens visible in optic viewfinder . 
1	The arm band is fantastic and it doesn't budge even at the gym.  
1	The arm banding is fantastic and it doesn't Budge even at the gym.  
1	The fortify lot is fantastic and it doesn't budge even at the gym.  
1	the system is terrific in size and design , imo looking better than the ipods . 
1	the system is terrific in size and design , imo depend estimable than the ipods . 
1	the system is terrific in size and design , imo depend meliorate than the ipods . 
1	now that i have all my music on it there has n't been any more problems . 
1	now that i have all my medicine on it there has n't been any more job . 
1	now that i have all my medicine on it there has n't been any more trouble . 
1	If you are using Linux, and you want to use GPRS to connect to the net, I suggest this phone along with a Belkin USB Bluetooth adapter.
1	If you are using Linux, and you deprivation to habituate GPRS to relate to the meshwork, iodin suggest this phone along with a Belkin USB Bluetooth adapter.
1	If you are using Linux, and you want to purpose GPRS to relate to the nett, one suggest this ring along with a Belkin USB Bluetooth adapter.
0	If you call apple and tell them your ipod has been damaged, they charge you roughly $105.50 per minute and blame you for "abusing" your ipod.
0	If you call apple and secernate them your ipod has been damage, they boot you roughly $105.50 per mo and rap you for "abusing" your ipod.
0	If you scream apple and narrate them your ipod has been damage, they file you roughly $105.50 per narrow and blame you for "abusing" your ipod.
1	it receives very nice mms pictures from other gsm phones . 
1	it receives very courteous mms pictures from other gsm headphone . 
1	it receives very nice mms fancy from other gsm earpiece . 
0	this model does have the traditional key arrangement , it 's just that they are really close to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it takes a big getting used to for someone like me with big hands . 
0	this model does have the traditional key arrangement , it 's just that they are very end to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it fill a expectant getting victimised to for someone wish me with big men . 
0	this model does have the traditional name arrangement , it 's just that they are really close to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it admit a big arrive employ to for somebody like me with boastful reach . 
1	This is a quality product, not to be confused with teh cheap junk that Hitachi gets manufactured in China.
1	This is a lineament product, not to be confounded with teh cheap junk that Hitachi gets manufactured in PRC.
1	This is a quality intersection, not to be obnubilate with teh cheap junk that Hitachi induce manufactured in China.
0	 I have been disappointed to find that there is no printed instructions with it , just a crude pictorial instruction of installation , which leaves a great deal of information missing .
0	 I have been disappointed to find that there is no printed instructions with it , just a crude graphic instruction of installment , which lead a bang-up trade of information missing .
0	 I have been disappointed to obtain that there is no printed instructions with it , just a crude pictorial command of installation , which provide a nifty take of information missing .
1	I love this product!
1	I eff this product!
1	single love this product!
0	After installation, the very first time I booted up the Creative MediaSource Organizer, intending to use its CD burning and ripping functions, it totally shorted out. 
0	After installation, the very first sentence I booted up the Creative MediaSource organiser, intending to expend its 400 burning and ripping functions, it totally short-change out. 
0	After installation, the very first time i boot up the Creative MediaSource Organizer, intending to consumption its Cd burning and ripping functions, it wholly shorted out. 
0	First thing I noticed was that the creative wasn't well made. 
0	First thing I noticed was that the creative wasn't swell work. 
0	First thing I observe was that the creative wasn't well nominate. 
0	 I 'm still very frustrated with some of the properties , but now that I have saved equalizer settings and know I have to open up my sound card 's control panel every time I switch between music and videos or games , the sound is much more acceptable .
0	 I 'm tranquil very scotch with some of the belongings , but now that I have write equalizer settings and know unity have to heart-to-heart up my sound card 's control panel every time I alternate between music and television or games , the vocalize is much more acceptable .
0	 one 'm silence very frustrated with some of the place , but now that I have salvage equalizer settings and know iodine have to give up my sound card 's ascendency panel every time I switch between medicine and videos or games , the reasoned is much more acceptable .
1	 I 'm very satisfied with it especially for he price .
1	 I 'm very gratify with it especially for he terms .
1	 I 'm very meet with it peculiarly for he price .
1	 Other than that the sound is so crisp and clear and I would still purchase this all over again .
1	 Other than that the profound is so crisp and crystalise and I would static purchase this all over again .
1	 Other than that the sound is so crisp and light and i would lull purchase this all over again .
1	Oh, and another is the cool "halo" light that surrounds the touch pad, and light's up when you touch the screen, and how the light glows when the Zen is connected to the computer. 
1	Oh, and another is the cool "halo" luminance that surrounds the mite pad, and light's up when you hint the screen, and how the unclouded glows when the Zen is colligate to the reckoner. 
1	Oh, and another is the cool "halo" perch that surrounds the rival aggrandise, and light's up when you adjoin the screen, and how the luminosity radiance when the Zen is connected to the computer. 
0	their customer ( www.apexdigitalinc.com ) service is very poor . 
0	their customer ( www.apexdigitalinc.com ) avail is very poor . 
0	their customer ( www.apexdigitalinc.com ) service is very pitiful . 
1	6600 looks and feels nice.
1	6600 looks and find nice.
1	6600 looks and finger nice.
1	NIS 2003 worked like a charm last year.
1	NIS 2003 act like a charm last year.
1	NIS 2003 worked like a enamor last year.
1	So far I have used all of the above-mentioned features, and find them well designed, and easy to understand.  
1	So far iodin have used all of the above-mentioned features, and find them fountainhead plan, and easy to understand.  
1	so far iodin have used all of the above-mentioned features, and find them well designed, and well-situated to understand.  
1	Comes with a installation CD which instructs you step by step to setting up the router. 
1	Comes with a installation CD which instructs you stride by footstep to lay up the router. 
1	occur with a facility CD which instructs you step by step to rig up the router. 
1	 Very sturdy and strong.
1	 Very sturdy and firm.
1	 Very sturdy and unassailable.
0	Still, that's enough time that I'm still satisfied, if a bit grouchy with Creative's overhyped promises.    
0	Still, that's enough time that I'm inactive quenched, if a routine grouchy with Creative's overhyped promises.    
0	smooth, that's enough clock that I'm notwithstanding satisfied, if a bit grouchy with Creative's overhyped promises.    
0	only 1 problem , no accessories ... yet . 
0	only 1 trouble , no accessories ... yet . 
0	only I problem , no accessories ... yet . 
1	the battery life is amazing . 
1	the battery life is get . 
1	the battery life is mystify . 
0	the pc-side software can be goofy and takes a little getting used to but it 's not as bad as some reviewers have indicated . 
0	the pc-side software can be goofy and demand a minuscule suffer practice to but it 's not as bad as some reviewers have indicated . 
0	the pc-side software can be wacky and takes a little make apply to but it 's not as defective as some reviewers have indicated . 
0	it wo n't play all of my movies . 
0	it wo n't gambling all of my movies . 
0	it wo n't shimmer all of my movies . 
1	Feature for feature, I find it a very sweet little player; equipped with a higher end headphone system, between this and th larger Zen Ihardly use my home stereo system anymore. 
1	Feature for feature, I witness it a very sweetened trivial actor; equipped with a higher goal headphone system, between this and th larger Zen Ihardly utilization my home stereo system anymore. 
1	have for feature, I find it a very sweet little player; equipped with a higher terminate phone system, between this and th magnanimous Zen Ihardly usage my home stereo scheme anymore. 
0	i am annoyed that the player 's not automatically recognized as a hard drive . 
0	i am annoy that the player 's not automatically recognise as a hard drive . 
0	i am steamed that the player 's not automatically agnise as a hard drive . 
1	The battery holds a charge for a very long time (maybe 15 or so hours of use) so realistically there are no real range or endurance issues associated with iPod use. 
1	The battery bear a commit for a very long time (maybe 15 or so hours of usage) so realistically there are no real rove or endurance publication relate with iPod use. 
1	The battery grasp a excite for a very prospicient time (maybe 15 or so hours of use) so realistically there are no material image or endurance payoff associated with iPod use. 
1	This is enough capacity and capability to do a complete household inventory, for example.
1	This is enough capacity and capacity to do a arrant household inventory, for example.
1	This is plenty capacity and capableness to do a complete household inventory, for example.
0	if you do n't have tags , it 'll lump all of your tracks into the same directory and they cannot be searched via artist or album as the zen does not recognize folders . 
0	if you do n't have tag , it 'll collocate all of your rail into the same directory and they cannot be research via artist or album as the battery-acid does not discern folders . 
0	if you do n't have track , it 'll puffiness all of your chase into the same directory and they cannot be research via artist or album as the acid does not spot folders . 
1	this is a very light phone - a little less than 3 oz , with long battery life ( not as long as the new polymer technology ) . 
1	this is a very illume ring - a little less than ternary oz , with long battery biography ( not as long as the new polymer technology ) . 
1	this is a very illumination phone - a little less than ternary oz , with farsighted battery life ( not as recollective as the new polymer technology ) . 
1	third , creative software allows you to keep two windows open to look at both the content on the player and the computer . 
1	third , creative package allow you to keep two windowpane assailable to look at both the content on the player and the computer . 
1	third , creative software allows you to celebrate two windows loose to reckon at both the capacity on the player and the computer . 
1	We don't have to worry about running out of refills with this diaper pail!
1	We don't have to occupy about lead out of refills with this diaper pail!
1	We don't have to vex about track out of refills with this diaper pail!
1	Sound: This is where I love Zen the most. 
1	Sound: This is where I love Elvis the most. 
1	Sound: This is where I love acid the most. 
0	. even the slightest of the shakes totally distorts your image 
0	. even the flimsy of the shakes totally distorts your ikon 
0	. even the slightest of the wag totally warp your image 
0	It ain't cutting edge (no pun intended) state of the art with all the latest bells & whistles & it definitely ain't pretty.
0	It ain't curve edge (no pun specify) say of the art with all the latest bells & whistle & it definitely ain't pretty.
0	It ain't edit edge (no pun intended) nation of the art with all the late bells & whistles & it definitely ain't passably.
1	I can keep one hand on my baby and dump the diaper at the same time, it is that simple.
1	I can hold unrivaled pass on my baby and ditch the diaper at the same time, it is that simple.
1	I can keep ane hand on my baby and shit the napkin at the same time, it is that unproblematic.
0	Symantec should give us all a refund and apology!
0	Symantec should afford us all a refund and apology!
0	Symantec should apply us all a refund and apology!
1	i quickly got to use to the interface and can find any song / playlist etc fast enough . 
1	i quickly commence to manipulation to the interface and can find any song / playlist etc quick enough . 
1	i quickly receive to utilization to the interface and can discovery any song / playlist etc fast enough . 
1	i 'm easily enlarging pictures to 8 1/2 x 11 with no visable loss in picture quality and not even using the best possible setting as yet ( super fine ) . 
1	i 'm easily enlarging image to 8 one/2 x 11 with no visable loss in picture quality and not eventide using the outflank possible localize as yet ( first-rate fine ) . 
1	i 'm easily enlarging visualise to 8 1/deuce x 11 with no visable loss in picture lineament and not even using the effective possible define as yet ( crack fine ) . 
0	There are some highs to the 2004 edition, but mostly lows.
0	There are some heights to the 2004 version, but mostly lows.
0	There are some highs to the 2004 variation, but largely lows.
0	Although, I thought it could've been designed a bit better.  
0	Although, I conceive it could've been designed a bit considerably.  
0	Although, I sentiment it could've been project a bit better.  
0	When you dial a number, you'll need to check the screen to see that the number entered is correct.
0	When you dial a number, you'll need to discipline the test to witness that the number entered is correct.
0	When you dial a number, you'll postulate to discipline the screen to watch that the number entered is correct.
0	unfortunately , the player would not read any of my region one dvds. even though they were not damaged in any way . 
0	alas , the player would not learn any of my region single dvds. eventide though they were not damaged in any way . 
0	unfortunately , the instrumentalist would not take any of my region one DVD. flush though they were not damaged in any way . 
0	the catch is that , while it plays movies just fine , it has refused to read second discs with the movie " extras " on them on the two occaisions when i tried to do that . 
0	the haul is that , while it represent movies just fine , it has refused to interpret second discs with the movie " supernumerary " on them on the 2 occaisions when i time-tested to do that . 
0	the overhear is that , while it fiddle film just mulct , it has refused to read secondment discs with the movie " extras " on them on the two occaisions when i hear to do that . 
1	the lcd screen was very large and readable . 
1	the lcd riddle was very large and readable . 
1	the lcd screen was very boastfully and readable . 
0	There is little meaningful difference between the two versions aside from the tedius activation process, and the product is currently rather buggy and has problems running unless cleanly installed on a formatted drive.
0	There is little meaningful difference between the two translation by from the tedius activation process, and the product is currently rather balmy and has problems scat unless cleanly installed on a initialize get.
0	There is little meaningful difference between the two versions apart from the tedius activation process, and the ware is currently rather buggy and has problems lean unless cleanly establish on a initialize force.
1	First 4 months it was in our bedroom and we did not even smell any odor.
1	1st 4 months it was in our bedroom and we did not eventide spirit any odor.
1	initiatory 4 months it was in our chamber and we did not fifty-fifty smell any odor.
1	It is very easy to change bits without removing the router from the table and the shaft lock works great.
1	It is very easy to change mo without removing the router from the table and the shaft interlock influence swell.
1	It is very tardily to change bits without take the router from the table and the jibe lock knead great.
1	The photo quality is amazing. 
1	The photo choice is amazing. 
1	The photo lineament is amazing. 
1	 Setup was very easy .
1	 Setup was very gentle .
1	 Setup was very light .
0	also the feature to automatically put in the song information is n't always accurate . 
0	also the feature to automatically put in the vocal information is n't incessantly accurate . 
0	also the feature to automatically set in the birdcall information is n't always accurate . 
1	 Color and contrast are perfect for my needs .
1	 Color and contrast are complete for my needs .
1	 Color and contrast are stark for my needs .
0	the internet functions of the phone - wap and gprs - will only work through t-mobile 's services , because they have deleted the menu options that would enable you to configure the phone to be used on a different network . 
0	the internet functions of the phone - wap and gprs - will only exploit through t-mobile 's services , because they have delete the menu choice that would enable you to configure the sound to be expend on a unlike web . 
0	the internet use of the call - wap and gprs - will only operate through t-mobile 's avail , because they have cancel the card options that would enable you to configure the phone to be apply on a different network . 
1	When the overall image quality (especially natural colours, details, natural looking of the pictures) is the most important thing, then this camera ist top notch and very impressive. 
1	When the overall effigy quality (especially natural colouration, details, natural looking of the photograph) is the most important thing, then this camera ist superlative snick and very impressive. 
1	When the overall paradigm quality (especially innate colours, details, natural attend of the pictures) is the most important thing, then this camera ist clear notch and very telling. 
0	navigation is a bit tricky and takes getting used to but the included pdf instructions cover the operation pretty well . 
0	navigation is a bit tricky and remove develop used to but the included pdf instructions plow the operation pretty easily . 
0	navigation is a sting tricky and shoot induce used to but the included pdf instructions insure the operation pretty well . 
0	The Wizard is particularly sinister. 
0	The Wizard is particularly baleful. 
0	The Wizard is particularly minatory. 
1	Also, you have to use it with iTunes - or they'll sue, dammit!  But iTunes is about as good as anything. 
1	Also, you have to utilise it with iTunes - or they'll litigate, dammit!  simply iTunes is about as right as anything. 
1	likewise, you have to habit it with iTunes - or they'll sue, dammit!  just iTunes is about as sound as anything. 
1	the signal to noise ratio ( the ratio of detectable , useful data to unusable garbage in , say , a radio wave ; a larger stn ratio is better ) is nice and high at 98 decibles , and it should be noted that apple refuses to release the stn ratio of any of the ipods . 
1	the indicate to noise ratio ( the ratio of perceptible , useful data to unusable garbage in , allege , a radio brandish ; a bigger stn ratio is break ) is overnice and high-pitched at 98 decibles , and it should be noted that apple defy to unloose the stn ratio of any of the ipods . 
1	the signal to haphazardness ratio ( the ratio of detectable , useful data to unusable garbage in , say , a radio brandish ; a prominent stn ratio is secure ) is dainty and eminent at ninety-eight decibles , and it should be mention that apple reject to acquittance the stn ratio of any of the ipods . 
1	The Earbuds are great headphones as good as my AGK Studio 240, well not as good but darn close.  
1	The Earbuds are great headphones as skillful as my AGK Studio 240, well not as respectable but hoot close.  
1	The Earbuds are nifty headphones as good as my AGK Studio 240, well not as good but mend conclusion.  
0	You'll do that because the keys are tightly packed in and your fingers will likely press two keys at once.
0	You'll do that because the keys are tightly backpack in and your thumb will likely pressing II keys at once.
0	You'll do that because the tonality are tightly jammed in and your fingers will likely entreat two key at once.
0	All that said, I am a little disappointed with the quality of the pictures from the camera.
0	All that said, unity am a little disappointed with the choice of the impression from the camera.
0	altogether that said, I am a footling disappointed with the quality of the visualise from the camera.
0	Recenly the variable speed control went out.
0	Recenly the variable speed ascendancy went out.
0	Recenly the variable speed control run out.
1	it seems to be working fine , but we 've not used it all that much . 
1	it seems to be crop ticket , but we 've not utilize it all that much . 
1	it seems to be operate exquisitely , but we 've not victimised it all that much . 
0	Norton online support does not even acknowledge this problem nor does the computer company that preloaded it on our new computer.
0	Norton online stand does not regular acknowledge this problem nor does the calculator company that preloaded it on our Modern computer.
0	Norton online underpin does not even acknowledge this trouble nor does the computer accompany that preloaded it on our newly computer.
1	Go for the Champ.
1	blend for the Champ.
1	turn for the Champ.
1	 Also has a nice guest feature so your visitors can connect separate of your primary link .
1	 Also has a nice guest characteristic so your visitors can connect tell of your primary tie-in .
1	 Also has a overnice guest feature so your visitors can connect secern of your primary colligate .
1	i like the auto fit feature = you can stretch widescreen dvd 's to normal . 
1	i comparable the auto fit feature = you can stretch widescreen videodisc 's to normal . 
1	i like the auto suit feature = you can debase widescreen dvd 's to normal . 
0	Sure they say if it's their fault you won't get charged, but THEY are the ones who get to decide whether it's their fault.
0	Sure they say if it's their fault you won't amaze bill, but THEY are the I who have to decide whether it's their fault.
0	sure they say if it's their fault you won't make consign, but THEY are the ones who pose to decide whether it's their fault.
1	It looks nice and sleek and the blue background light looks awesome against the black. 
1	It tone nice and sleek and the blueness background light looks awesome against the contraband. 
1	It tone nice and sleek and the dismal background short looks awesome against the black. 
0	i think this is it 's biggest flaw . 
0	i think this is it 's bragging flaw . 
0	i think this is it 's enceinte flaw . 
0	First of all, I've never been big on earbuds - they're just not that comfortable.
0	foremost of all, I've never been boastful on earbuds - they're just not that comfortable.
0	inaugural of all, I've never been freehanded on earbuds - they're just not that comfortable.
0	 Easy enough but it did not work .
0	 comfortable enough but it did not work .
0	 tardily enough but it did not work .
0	this unit was working fine for the 1st month and a half and then the color signal disappeared . 
0	this unit was mould fine for the 1st month and a half and then the colouration betoken disappeared . 
0	this unit was sour amercement for the 1st month and a half and then the color sign disappeared . 
1	battery life is ok . 
1	battery life is alright . 
1	battery living is ok . 
0	So I took out the battery and put it back in again, only to find that it would not work.  
0	So I consider out the battery and place it dorsum in again, only to find that it would not crop.  
0	thence iodin ingest out the battery and put it back in again, only to uncovering that it would not work.  
0	on several different occasions it has displayed " no disc " with a disc inside . 
0	on several different occasion it has displayed " no disc " with a disc indoors . 
0	on several different occasions it has displayed " no record " with a disc interior . 
1	turn the camera on while pressing the button (or is it the menu button? i have to check again =)) and it'l show you the time and date. 
1	bit the camera on while adjure the release (or is it the menu button? i have to tally again =)) and it'l read you the time and date. 
1	crook the camera on while pressure the button (or is it the carte button? i have to gibe again =)) and it'l evince you the time and date. 
0	- Radio Quality: weak reception     
0	- Radio Quality: fallible reception     
0	- Radio Quality: weak response     
1	i checked out the amazon reviews and i 'm pleased to say mine worked , works , fine right out of the box . 
1	i chequer out the amazon reviews and i 'm delight to state mine worked , works , fine good out of the box . 
1	i delay out the amazon reviews and i 'm pleased to say mine bring , works , fine properly out of the package . 
0	Only thing I don't like about it is slow in changing apps, boot up, and sometime it has problem connect thru bluetooth.
0	exclusively thing single don't ilk about it is slow in deepen apps, boot up, and sometime it has problem connect thru bluetooth.
0	simply thing I don't alike about it is tiresome in changing apps, boot up, and erstwhile it has problem connect thru bluetooth.
1	overall build quality, good macros-results, impressive video-quality, good pictures with flash (good colours, sharp results), excellent auto white balance.
1	overall build quality, good macros-results, impressive video-quality, good pictures with fanfare (good colours, sharply results), excellent auto white equipoise.
1	overall build quality, safe macros-results, impressive video-quality, practiced pictures with flash (good gloss, sharp results), excellent auto white balance.
1	I've had a lot of cameras, but this one is ACTUALLY being used, and not stored in a desk: it's allways in my shist pocket.
1	I've had a band of cameras, but this unity is actually being employ, and not stored in a desk: it's allways in my shist sack.
1	I've had a batch of cameras, but this single is actually being apply, and not stored in a desk: it's allways in my shist bag.
1	but it comes with a tank of a case and if you cut a piece out where the screen is you can always keep it in the case and still access everything . 
1	but it amount with a tank of a caseful and if you trimmed a piece out where the concealment is you can always restrain it in the case and calm access everything . 
1	but it semen with a cooler of a case and if you slashed a piece out where the screen is you can always dungeon it in the showcase and unruffled access everything . 
1	here 's the brief synopsis : the phone is tiny , cute , feels kind of " plastic-like " ( as if it might break ) , but seems pretty sturdy . 
1	here 's the brief synopsis : the headphone is diminutive , cute , find kind of " plastic-like " ( as if it might separate ) , but seems pretty sturdy . 
1	here 's the brief synopsis : the phone is tiny , cunning , feels kind of " plastic-like " ( as if it power go ) , but appear pretty sturdy . 
0	It locked during install and I had to reformat the drive and start from scratch (GRRRRRR!)
0	It engage during install and i had to reformat the tug and start from scratch (GRRRRRR!)
0	It locked during install and I had to reformat the push and commence from simoleons (GRRRRRR!)
0	Once a depth is locked, it will jump off a little while working.
0	Once a depth is locked, it will jump-start off a trivial while working.
0	formerly a depth is engage, it will jump off a little while working.
0	it did also seem to have a strong " new electronics " smell for some time . 
0	it did also appear to have a unassailable " new electronics " smell for some time . 
0	it did also seem to have a impregnable " new electronics " smell for some metre . 
0	one bad thing is that it comes with a pitiful 32mb compactflash card , and for most purposes , it is not enough . 
0	one badly thing is that it comes with a miserable 32mb compactflash carte , and for most purport , it is not enough . 
0	peerless bad thing is that it fare with a pitiful 32mb compactflash menu , and for most purpose , it is not enough . 
0	I find it a bit difficult to manage the very tiny buttons and impossible to read the icons without my reading glasses on.
0	I obtain it a bit difficult to deal the very tiny buttons and impossible to take the icons without my reading glaze on.
0	I receive it a bit difficult to wield the very tiny buttons and impossible to read the icon without my reading deoxyephedrine on.
0	and the body / construction in general has quite a bit of plastic , a disappointment after the stainless steel heft of the s330 . 
0	and the consistence / construction in cosmopolitan has quite a bit of formative , a disappointment after the unstained steel heft of the s330 . 
0	and the consistency / construction in general has quite a piece of plastic , a disappointment after the stainless blade heave of the s330 . 
1	Plus, the fact that it used regular trash bags is great.
1	Plus, the fact that it exploited regular applesauce bags is great.
1	Plus, the fact that it used veritable trash pocketbook is great.
1	overall i 'm happy with my toy . 
1	boilersuit i 'm happy with my toy . 
1	overall i 'm happy with my fiddle . 
1	this has so many capabilities that you 'll always have room for new technologies as they evolve . 
1	this has so many capabilities that you 'll constantly have room for new technology as they acquire . 
1	this has so many capacity that you 'll incessantly have room for young technologies as they evolve . 
1	3) Joy stick for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card to store the pictures and stuff.
1	3) Joy gravel for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card to store the movie and block.
1	three) Joy bond for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card to store the exposure and stuff.
1	I did not conduct a rigorous test, but just took some identical shots in identical lighting with both cameras, and the Canon won hands down. 
1	I did not conduct a rigorous essay, but just convey some identical jibe in identical light with both cameras, and the canon won hands down. 
1	i did not conduct a rigorous test, but just drive some identical shots in indistinguishable illumine with both cameras, and the Canon won deal down. 
0	 2 weeks later , The monitor start having other issues , only half screen turns on , or it become a full green screen and doesnt change , you need to turn it off and on again until it works .
0	 2 weeks afterward , The varan depart having other result , only half covert crook on , or it become a full green screen and doesnt change , you need to grow it off and on again until it works .
0	 2 weeks later , The monitor protrude having other payoff , only half screen grow on , or it turn a full green sort and doesnt modify , you require to turn it off and on again until it works .
0	* protective case completely useless as is since it obscures display window . 
0	* protective case completely useless as is since it becloud show window . 
0	* protective example totally useless as is since it obscures display window . 
1	I think the interface is great.
1	I mean the interface is great.
1	I think the interface is heavy.
1	I love this pail!
1	I beloved this pail!
1	I love this pailful!
1	I have been absolutely, completely satisfied with the product and its capabilities.
1	I have been absolutely, totally satisfied with the merchandise and its capabilities.
1	unity have been perfectly, completely satisfied with the product and its capabilities.
1	 - Tuner quality is good .
1	 - Tuner quality is secure .
1	 - Tuner quality is unspoilt .
0	I sent Creative customer service 3 emails in which they did not help me one bit and don't seem to even want to help.  
0	I place Creative customer service 3 emails in which they did not help me one turn and don't seem to fifty-fifty want to assist.  
0	iodin station creative customer service 3 emails in which they did not help me one bit and don't seem to even want to avail.  
1	The sound is bright and clear, the ability to store any MP3's (and not just Apple-approved files) is great, and I plan to make use of the storage space and sound recording from time to time.    
1	The strait is bright and realise, the ability to store any MP3's (and not just Apple-approved lodge) is neat, and iodine plan to wee use of the storage space and levelheaded recording from time to time.    
1	The well-grounded is bright and top, the ability to store any MP3's (and not just Apple-approved files) is great, and ane plan to pee-pee utilisation of the reposition space and good recording from time to time.    
0	After some research on the Net, I discovered that there is indeed a flaw with the current WRT54G design (WRT54G, version 3, which Amazon currently sells).  
0	After some research on the nett, I break that there is indeed a flaw with the flow WRT54G contrive (WRT54G, version threesome, which Amazon currently sells).  
0	after some inquiry on the meshwork, single expose that there is indeed a flaw with the current WRT54G design (WRT54G, version 3, which Amazon currently sells).  
1	the two biggest things is the excellent working speakerphone " unlike the nokia 3650 " and the superb reception nokia is known for in the gsm phones they make ... 
1	the two giving things is the excellent act speakerphone " different the nokia 3650 " and the superb reception nokia is cognize for in the gsm phones they gain ... 
1	the two great things is the first-class working speakerphone " unlike the nokia 3650 " and the superb reception nokia is recognise for in the gsm earphone they induce ... 
1	it has lots of little cute features , my favorite being the games and the pim ( personal information manager -- i.e. organizer ) , and the radio ! 
1	it has pile of little cute features , my dearie being the games and the pim ( personal information manager -- i.east. organizer ) , and the tuner ! 
1	it has scores of footling cute features , my favorite being the games and the pim ( personal info manager -- i.eastward. organizer ) , and the radio ! 
1	First, I have to say that I have NEVER had the slightest problem with this camera or the software.
1	1st, one have to say that I have NEVER had the slender problem with this camera or the software.
1	initiatory, I have to say that I have NEVER had the little problem with this camera or the package.
1	i can 't write enough positive things about this great little camera ! 
1	i can 't write enough incontrovertible thing about this great little camera ! 
1	i can 't write plenty positive things about this great lilliputian camera ! 
0	The controls are hard to manipulate, especially in the dark. 
0	The controls are arduous to manipulate, especially in the wickedness. 
0	The controls are tough to manipulate, especially in the drear. 
1	ITunes can be downloaded from the enclosed CD or for free from the Apple site.    
1	ITunes can be downloaded from the enclosed 400 or for liberal from the Apple place.    
1	ITunes can be downloaded from the inclose cd or for unfreeze from the Apple site.    
0	neither message was answered ( they ask for 24 hours before replying - i 've been waiting 27 days . ) 
0	neither message was respond ( they ask for 24 hours before replying - i 've been await 27 day . ) 
0	neither message was serve ( they ask for 24 hours before replying - i 've been waitress 27 daytime . ) 
1	so far , we 've only used this player a few times to watch movies and it has worked fine . 
1	so far , we 've only used this histrion a few times to spotter movies and it has exercise fine . 
1	so far , we 've only used this musician a few times to vigil movies and it has function fine . 
1	That's it for now, what are you doing still reading this, click the "Add to Cart" button already!      
1	That's it for now, what are you doing ease recital this, click the "ADHD to Cart" button already!      
1	That's it for now, what are you doing stock-still reading this, chink the "Add to drag" button already!      
1	i found using mediasource to load your songs to the nomad jukebox to be much easier and faster than using windows explorer . 
1	i discover using mediasource to onus your songs to the nomad jukebox to be lots easier and loyal than using windows explorer . 
1	i feel victimisation mediasource to debase your songs to the nomad jukebox to be much leisurely and faster than using windows explorer . 
1	it looks very cool , and seems quite small to me and very light . 
1	it flavor very nerveless , and seems quite small to me and very light . 
1	it reckon very cool , and seems quite small to me and very fall . 
1	Battery life is exceptional, lasting longer than the 8-10 hours that seem reasonable with most music players on the market.  
1	Battery life is prodigious, last long than the 8-10 hours that seem reasonable with most music musician on the market.  
1	Battery sprightliness is special, endure foresightful than the 8-10 hours that seem reasonable with most music players on the market.  
0	 I 'd tell you myself my experiences but the router waiting to go back to the store so I never got far enough to try this .
0	 I 'd secernate you myself my experiences but the router waiting to proceed rear to the store so 1 never got far sufficiency to try this .
0	 I 'd tell you myself my live but the router waiting to go backward to the stock so I never got far sufficiency to sample this .
1	 I have seen no dead pixels or color bleeding that I 've heard about with other ACER models
1	 I have seen no absolutely pixels or discolor haemorrhage that I 've heard about with other ACER models
1	 ace have look no dead pixels or color bleeding that i 've heard about with other ACER models
0	(...)  Like most SOHO routers, it has nearly non-existant logging. 
0	(...)  Like most SOHO routers, it has about non-existant logging. 
0	(...)  Like most SOHO routers, it has most non-existant logging. 
0	First off, the battery.
0	First off, the shelling.
0	get-go off, the battery.
1	the small size is perfect for my little hands , but may perhaps be uncomfortable or awkward for a bigger person . 
1	the pocket-sized size is perfect for my little hands , but may peradventure be uncomfortable or awkward for a self-aggrandising soul . 
1	the small size is perfect for my slight hands , but may possibly be uncomfortable or inapt for a self-aggrandizing person . 
0	I think it is a combination of the program size taking up resources and the open/close scanning that it does with every program.
0	I conceive it is a combination of the program size fill up resources and the spread/close scanning that it does with every broadcast.
0	I think it is a combination of the platform size assume up imagination and the outdoors/close scanning that it does with every program.
0	you need the software to actually transfer files 
0	you need the software to actually channelize files 
0	you need the software to actually transport files 
1	It's very quiet for a universal motor-driven tool, and the height adjustment stick and variable speed control are great.
1	It's very quiet for a universal motor-driven tool, and the tiptop adjustment stick and variable speed insure are outstanding.
1	It's very quiet for a worldwide motor-driven tool, and the height adjustment stick and variable hurrying operate are great.
1	eball metaphor: I was hoping Creative hit a home run here, and I think the Zen Micro is more like a stand-up double.  
1	eball metaphor: iodine was hoping Creative attain a home work here, and I think the Zen Micro is more like a stand-up image.  
1	eball metaphor: one was trust Creative hit a home running here, and 1 think the Zen Micro is more like a stand-up double.  
1	It's a bit pricey to call home from other countries but the instant messaging to and from covered countries in Europe are quite reasonable.
1	It's a bit dear to birdcall home from other countries but the instant messaging to and from encompass countries in EEC are quite reasonable.
1	It's a bit pricey to call base from other countries but the exigent messaging to and from covered nation in Europe are quite sane.
1	I think the OS and controls are very well thought out and although I'll admit I was a bit intimidated during my first few hours with the Micro, the interface and controls became second nature after the first day or so. 
1	I intend the OS and controls are very well reckon out and although I'll admit single was a moment intimidated during my inaugural few minute with the Micro, the interface and curb became secondment nature after the first day or so. 
1	i intend the OS and hold are very well believe out and although I'll admit I was a second intimidated during my first few minute with the Micro, the interface and curb became back nature after the first day or so. 
0	there are a couple of quirks that were a bit annoying like having to actually press the power button before the tray will open ( my prev. machine did it automatically ) , and the fact that the external display is too small and too faded to read from any significant distance . 
0	there are a duet of quirks that were a mo annoy like having to actually press the exponent clit before the tray will subject ( my prev. machine did it automatically ) , and the fact that the extraneous display is too little and too washed-out to read from any significant distance . 
0	there are a twin of quirks that were a burn irritate similar having to actually insistency the power button before the tray will surface ( my prev. machine did it automatically ) , and the fact that the external display is too minor and too fade to learn from any significant distance . 
0	Very annoying.    
0	Very bother.    
0	Very vexing.    
0	the only thing i 'm concerned about is the quality / longevity of the buttons on the thing . 
0	the only thing i 'm implicated about is the caliber / longevity of the clit on the thing . 
0	the only thing i 'm relate about is the prime / seniority of the buttons on the thing . 
1	Better for the Zen Micro is Outlook compatibility. 
1	Better for the Elvis Micro is Outlook compatibility. 
1	Better for the dot Micro is Outlook compatibility. 
0	the only minor nits i have with the camera are it is fairly boxy looking , it needs a wrist strap instead of a neck strap , and it is a bit slow between shots . 
0	the only minor nits i have with the camera are it is fairly boxy looking , it motivation a wrist strap rather of a neck lash , and it is a act wearisome between guess . 
0	the only minor nits i have with the camera are it is fairly boxy looking , it pauperization a wrist flog instead of a neck lather , and it is a scrap boring between guesswork . 
0	It has the odd side effect of the buttons only partially working? 
0	It has the odd side burden of the buttons only partially play? 
0	It has the odd side core of the buttons only partially function? 
0	My main complaints are that it should be deeper or wider as it doesn't even fit a smaller sized garbage bag.
0	My primary complaint are that it should be deeper or wider as it doesn't tied fit a minuscule sized garbage bag.
0	My principal complaints are that it should be profoundly or full as it doesn't even gibe a smaller sized garbage bag.
1	I have not yet used all the features, like the calendar, etc, but as a music player this little thing rocks.  
1	I have not yet apply all the have, like the calendar, etc, but as a music player this picayune thing Rock.  
1	i have not yet used all the features, similar the calendar, etc, but as a music player this little matter stone.  
0	apex has still not responded to my email describing the problem after almost a week and their customer service line is always busy . 
0	apex has calm not responded to my email line the problem after almost a week and their customer service parentage is constantly busy . 
0	apex has inactive not responded to my email discover the problem after virtually a week and their client service line is always busy . 
1	This camera is an excellent choice for an ultracompact, take anywhere device and boasts an outstanding movie mode to boot. 
1	This camera is an excellent select for an ultracompact, study anywhere device and boasts an spectacular movie mood to boot. 
1	This camera is an first-class quality for an ultracompact, contain anywhere device and boasts an owing movie mode to boot. 
0	But, all of this means nothing, because of the serious, serious, stupid and ridiculously elemenatary design flaw: After 3 months, give or take a few weeks, you won't be able to hear anything. 
0	But, all of this means nothing, because of the serious, serious, stupid and ridiculously elemenatary design flaw: later 3 month, feed or fill a few weeks, you won't be able-bodied to try anything. 
0	But, all of this means nothing, because of the serious, sober, pudden-head and ridiculously elemenatary purpose flaw: After troika months, reach or contract a few weeks, you won't be able to hear anything. 
0	it is more than 90 days and it does not show the picture no matter what i do . 
0	it is more than 90 daylight and it does not demo the icon no matter what i do . 
0	it is more than 90 years and it does not show the visualise no count what i do . 
0	After reading reviews of LCD problems, cracked, black blobs etc, I figured that it was probably a very limited problem. 
0	After indication reviews of LCD problems, loco, black blobs etc, I figured that it was believably a very determine problem. 
0	After study review of LCD problems, cracked, fatal blobs etc, I figured that it was probably a very express problem. 
1	it is extremely light and dissapears in your pocket . 
1	it is extremely abstemious and dissapears in your pocket . 
1	it is extremely light and dissapears in your scoop . 
0	 I have n't even used the carpet tacks that came with the stands and they are hard to knock over .
0	 I have n't even expend the carpet piece that hail with the stands and they are toilsome to knock over .
0	 I have n't tied used the rug tacks that came with the bandstand and they are grueling to knock over .
0	i had to return the remote on this product because it appeared to be defective . 
0	i had to comeback the removed on this ware because it appeared to be defective . 
0	i had to refund the outback on this product because it seem to be defective . 
0	Once again it won't reinstall, even with online and email assistance from Symantect Technicians.
0	Once again it won't reinstall, eventide with online and email assist from Symantect Technicians.
0	once again it won't reinstall, even with on-line and email assistance from Symantect Technicians.
1	High quality video and pictures rock!
1	High prime video and pictures rock!
1	High quality video and figure rock!
1	If I had to do it over, I wouldn't buy anything else.
1	If 1 had to do it over, one wouldn't buy anything else.
1	If iodine had to do it over, I wouldn't purchase anything else.
1	it is crystal clear . 
1	it is crystal crystallize . 
1	it is crystal unclutter . 
0	- some features in the user interface 
0	- some boast in the user interface 
0	- some sport in the user interface 
0	 Would n't buy again because of the customer service .
0	 Would n't buy again because of the customer overhaul .
0	 Would n't steal again because of the customer service .
1	the phone is small , light , and very attractive . 
1	the phone is small , tripping , and very attractive . 
1	the sound is small , light , and very attractive . 
1	No skips, and it hasn't faltered once (despite your inevitable drop or two.
1	No omission, and it hasn't faltered once (despite your inevitable fall or two.
1	nobelium skips, and it hasn't faltered once (despite your inevitable overlook or two.
1	i really have no complaints over this unit . 
1	i genuinely have no complaints over this unit . 
1	i really have no complaints over this whole . 
1	Pros The Design is very nice, and the colors are too. 
1	Pros The innovation is very nice, and the distort are too. 
1	professional The Design is very skillful, and the colors are too. 
0	 All in all , bad device , bad customer service ... run like hell from this product .
0	 All in all , bad device , regretful customer service ... lead like hell from this product .
0	 All in all , tough device , bad customer service ... guide like hell from this product .
1	over all a fantastic very compact camera , which made us experience photography on a totally new level ! 
1	over all a fantastic very compact camera , which piss us experience photography on a totally unexampled tied ! 
1	over all a tremendous very heavyset camera , which shit us experience photography on a totally new level ! 
0	 I felt the system was slow so I purchased a 4gb ram from crucell and replaced the standard 2gb that came with the system .
0	 I felt the system was tedious so 1 purchased a 4gb force from crucell and replaced the standard 2gb that hail with the system .
0	 I matt-up the organisation was slow so I buy a 4gb tup from crucell and replaced the standard 2gb that came with the system .
0	on my main computer the software did not work right . 
0	on my main computer the software did not wreak rightfulness . 
0	on my principal computer the software did not solve right . 
1	the machine is very light and slim and fits nicely into my tv stand . 
1	the machine is very brightness and slim and fits nicely into my tv tolerate . 
1	the machine is very light and slim and agree nicely into my video stand . 
1	All in all I am pleased with the router.
1	All in all single am pleased with the router.
1	All in all unity am pleased with the router.
0	) WORST FEATURE POSSIBLE, THIS ALONE MAKES IT RATE ONE STAR: What's up with no recharge cord? 
0	) WORST characteristic POSSIBLE, THIS ALONE pee IT RATE ONE whiz: What's up with no recharge cord? 
0	) whip FEATURE possible, THIS ALONE MAKES IT RATE ONE ace: What's up with no recharge cord? 
1	good quality video . 
1	beneficial quality video . 
1	good prize video . 
1	 The computer direct processing and shipping was outrageously fast .
1	 The computer mastermind processing and shipping was outrageously fast .
1	 The computer point processing and shipping was outrageously fast .
0	the only two minor issues i have with the camera are the lens cap ( it is not very snug and can come off too easily ) and the lens itself ( it partially obstructs the view through the viewfinder but not views through the lcd ) . 
0	the only deuce fry subject i have with the camera are the lens ceiling ( it is not very snuggery and can come off too easily ) and the lens itself ( it partially obstructs the panorama through the finder but not horizon through the lcd ) . 
0	the only ii minor subject i have with the camera are the lense cap ( it is not very cubbyhole and can come off too easily ) and the lense itself ( it partially blockade the panorama through the viewfinder but not opinion through the lcd ) . 
1	 The windows 7 premium is good -LRB- do n't recommend starter -RRB- and user friendly .
1	 The windows 7 premium is adept -LRB- do n't advocate entrant -RRB- and user friendly .
1	 The windows 7 premium is estimable -LRB- do n't urge newbie -RRB- and user friendly .
0	i am bored with the silver look . 
0	i am bored with the silver depend . 
0	i am bored with the silver flavor . 
0	I am glad that I do not work for Norton.
0	I am beaming that i do not work for Norton.
0	I am gladiolus that I do not lick for Norton.
1	there was no compromise this little camera does amazing things. 
1	there was no compromise this lilliputian camera does nonplus things. 
1	there was no compromise this trivial camera does nonplus things. 
0	After 4 attempted installs, I have finally given up.
0	After 4 attempted installs, I have finally have up.
0	afterward 4 attempted installs, I have finally given up.
0	 I gave up after several attempts to contact dlink support .
0	 I gift up after several attempts to contact dlink endure .
0	 I throw up after several attempts to contact dlink livelihood .
0	 The user support service isn't too great either.  
0	 The user abide service isn't too great either.  
0	 The user support serve isn't too great either.  
1	Great product, easy to use, economical, effective, absolutly fabulous.
1	Great product, easy to use, economical, efficacious, absolutly fabulous.
1	majuscule product, easy to use, economical, effective, absolutly fabulous.
1	with the automatic settings , i really have n't taken a bad picture yet . 
1	with the automatic settings , i really have n't taken a badly visualize yet . 
1	with the robotic settings , i really have n't taken a bad characterisation yet . 
0	Sometimes the pictures are onthe dark side, but I'm able to fix that using the Photoshop 6.0 "adjust levels" function ... not sure how a person would do that without Photoshop, though.
0	Sometimes the impression are onthe drab incline, but I'm able to unsex that employ the Photoshop sextet.0 "adjust levels" function ... not sure how a person would do that without Photoshop, though.
0	Sometimes the visualise are onthe glum side, but I'm able to unsex that using the Photoshop 6.0 "conform levels" operate ... not sure how a soul would do that without Photoshop, though.
1	I've owned many Norton products in my time, and for the most part, I've been pleased with their performance.
1	I've have many Norton products in my time, and for the most partly, I've been pleased with their execution.
1	I've own many Norton product in my time, and for the most piece, I've been pleased with their performance.
1	nokias have always had good sound quality and this is no exception . 
1	nokias have always had adept audio quality and this is no exception . 
1	nokias have always had safe sound select and this is no exception . 
1	1) The champ is easy to use.
1	1) The champ is easy to purpose.
1	1) The champ is easy to role.
0	I'm giving it 1 star because as compared to other Nokia phones , its a 1 , compared to other blunders by other companies (such a samsung and motorrola) it might be good .... but if you're getting a Nokia , don't get this one .
0	I'm freehanded it 1 star because as compared to other Nokia sound , its a ane , compared to other boner by other companies (such a samsung and motorrola) it might be beneficial .... but if you're acquiring a Nokia , don't commence this unmatchable .
0	I'm sacrifice it i superstar because as compared to other Nokia sound , its a 1 , liken to other blunders by other companies (such a samsung and motorrola) it might be right .... but if you're grow a Nokia , don't get this peerless .
0	The phone does not have an Mp3-player, FM radio, 200k+ color screen, megapixel camera, quad band, PDA, photo editor.
0	The phone does not have an Mp3-player, FM radio, 200k+ color screen, megapixel camera, quad lot, organizer, pic editor.
0	The phone does not have an Mp3-player, FM radio, 200k+ discolor screen, megapixel camera, quadrangle band, PDA, picture editor.
0	2 the battery life seems to be on the short side but adequate for most situations . 
0	2 the battery life seems to be on the forgetful side but passable for most billet . 
0	2 the shelling life seems to be on the forgetful side but adequate for most site . 
1	 I 'm not easily impressed by electronics , tending to be a little conservative , but this product really deserves five stars .
1	 ace 'm not easily impressed by electronics , tending to be a piddling conservative , but this intersection really deserves five mavin .
1	 single 'm not easy impressed by electronics , tending to be a little Conservative , but this product actually deserves five stars .
1	 I get complete coverage everywhere in my house -LRB- about 3500 sq ft -RRB- and it 's located in the corner of my basement .
1	 I perplex arrant coverage everywhere in my household -LRB- about 3500 sq ft -RRB- and it 's situated in the corner of my basement .
1	 iodine mother over coverage everywhere in my house -LRB- about 3500 sq ft -RRB- and it 's situate in the corner of my basement .
1	Its the easiest thing to setup i thought, and i am only 16...So with all that said, BUY THE ROUTER!!!!     
1	Its the well-off thing to setup i conceive, and i am only 16...hence with all that aforementioned, BUY THE ROUTER!!!!     
1	Its the well-to-do thing to setup i opine, and i am only XVI...So with all that enunciate, BUY THE ROUTER!!!!     
1	For those Mac OSX users out there, iSync works fairly well.
1	For those Mac OSX users out there, iSync influence fairly substantially.
1	For those Mac OSX users out there, iSync mould somewhat well.
1	compared to everything else in this category , this is most definately the best bang for the buck . 
1	compared to everything else in this category , this is most definately the honest bash for the hitch . 
1	compared to everything else in this category , this is most definately the topper smasher for the clam . 
0	Also, the fit and finish could be better although this doesn't detract from performance.
0	Also, the fit and finale could be better although this doesn't detract from functioning.
0	Also, the fit and finale could be just although this doesn't detract from performance.
0	it also has a stock tracking app built in ( also useless ) and a somewhat useful application which converts all types of metrics ( currency , length , area , etc ) . 
0	it also has a fund tracking app reinforced in ( also useless ) and a passably useful application which convert all types of metrics ( currency , length , arena , etc ) . 
0	it too has a carry tracking app built in ( also useless ) and a somewhat useful application which exchange all types of prosody ( currency , length , domain , etc ) . 
1	Creative has been making computer sound equipment for decades and with the zen micro it finally has something with enough quality and, yes, charm to win a nice size of the digital player pie.   
1	Creative has been attain reckoner sound equipment for decades and with the zen micro it eventually has something with enough quality and, yes, trance to win a squeamish size of the digital instrumentalist pie.   
1	Creative has been seduce computer well-grounded equipment for decades and with the zen micro it finally has something with adequate timber and, yes, charm to winnings a dainty size of the digital player pie.   
1	all my questions or problems have been quickly and satisfactorily resolved . 
1	all my interrogate or problems have been quickly and satisfactorily solve . 
1	all my interrogative or problem have been quickly and satisfactorily resolved . 
0	what the hell is wrong with this thing . 
0	what the hellhole is wrong with this thing . 
0	what the pit is wrong with this thing . 
0	If you think you are saving $40 getting the Hitachi, you are right, and you are also getting a router worth $40 less than a Makita.
0	If you mean you are saving $twoscore fix the Hitachi, you are right, and you are also fix a router deserving $40 less than a Makita.
0	If you think you are keep $40 getting the Hitachi, you are justly, and you are besides puzzle a router worth $40 LE than a Makita.
0	What this product really needs is better documentation for how to set up the router for DIFFERENT OPERATING SYSTEMS!
0	What this product really demand is dear documentation for how to localize up the router for DIFFERENT OPERATING SYSTEMS!
0	What this product really needs is serious documentation for how to band up the router for DIFFERENT engage SYSTEMS!
1	 If you want a quality product , delivered on time , buy this one .
1	 If you want a prime product , surrender on time , buy this one .
1	 If you want a quality product , delivered on metre , buy this nonpareil .
0	kind of bulky and the wheel is awkward , but i can deal with that . 
0	kind of bulky and the bike is awkward , but i can share with that . 
0	kind of bulky and the wheel is uneasy , but i can pile with that . 
0	 I 'm not very happy with this machine or Acer .
0	 iodin 'm not very felicitous with this machine or Acer .
0	 one 'm not very happy with this motorcar or Acer .
0	the g3 had problems focusing in low light and would not take the picture when the shutter was pressed but after the shutter had been released a few seconds . 
0	the g3 had problems focusing in low dismount and would not carry the ikon when the shutter was bid but after the shutter had been turn a few seconds . 
0	the g3 had problems pore in crushed lighting and would not strike the word-painting when the shutter was pressed but after the shutter had been released a few seconds . 
1	 Portable .
1	 Portable .
1	 portable .
0	The battery power discharges rapidly especially on using the web browser.
0	The battery exponent empty rapidly especially on using the web browser.
0	The battery power exculpate rapidly especially on victimization the web browser.
1	 Still for the price you ca n't find better for the cost .
1	 Still for the price you ca n't see full for the cost .
1	 silent for the price you ca n't rule better for the cost .
0	- The battery life leaves a lot to be desired. 
0	- The battery life lead a lot to be desired. 
0	- The battery life leaves a raft to be desired. 
1	the combination of the price , storage size , and player features makes this player the best on the market . 
1	the combination of the price , storage size , and player features cook this participant the best on the grocery . 
1	the combination of the price , storage size , and player sport construct this player the honest on the market . 
0	The touch pad is over-sensitive, and is adjustable to only slightly oversensitive. 
0	The pinch diggings is over-sensitive, and is adjustable to only slightly oversensitive. 
0	The touching lard is over-sensitive, and is adjustable to only slightly oversensitive. 
1	for the first few weeks , this player was everything i expected it to be , an affordable multi-format dvd player with a stylish slim case as advertised . 
1	for the first few weeks , this musician was everything i ask it to be , an affordable multi-format videodisc player with a stylish slight causa as advertised . 
1	for the showtime few workweek , this player was everything i require it to be , an affordable multi-format dvd player with a fashionable slim example as advertised . 
0	sure it had all the features , but when i tried to shoot a girl 's basketball game it just wan't up to the task . 
0	indisputable it had all the lineament , but when i tried to tear a girl 's basketball gimpy it just wan't up to the task . 
0	trusted it had all the features , but when i try to scud a daughter 's basketball game it just wan't up to the task . 
0	2 . the scroll button is n't the best , as it sometimes can be hard to select . 
0	ii . the scroll button is n't the advantageously , as it sometimes can be hard to blue-ribbon . 
0	two . the whorl button is n't the safe , as it sometimes can be hard to select . 
1	Long live Apple, long live Macs, and long live the Ipod!     
1	Long bouncy Apple, long live Macs, and long know the Ipod!     
1	farseeing live Apple, long last Macs, and long live the Ipod!     
1	I find it very stable and comfortable to use, it doesn't jump around or make me feel like I need to use a lot of arm strength to keep it under control, and  it has very good visibility to see your cut.
1	I find it very stable and comfortable to use, it doesn't jump some or micturate me feel care I need to use a stack of gird potency to preserve it under control, and  it has very good visibility to see your cutting.
1	iodine breakthrough it very stable and well-heeled to use, it doesn't jump around or make me feel ilk I need to utilize a luck of arm strength to keep it under control, and  it has very good visibility to discover your shorten.
1	and with usb 2.0 , transferring music to your player is incredibly easy . 
1	and with usb 2.0 , reassign music to your player is incredibly wanton . 
1	and with usb 2.0 , shift music to your musician is incredibly easy . 
1	 All in all , this is a very good option for anyone who has a small portable computer and wants a lapdesk and external speakers .
1	 completely in all , this is a very estimable option for anyone who has a small portable computer and desire a lapdesk and external loudspeaker .
1	 whole in all , this is a very beneficial option for anyone who has a minuscule portable computer and privation a lapdesk and external speakers .
0	To make matters work, there is no manual override to overcome this problem.
0	To build matter work, there is no manual override to overcome this problem.
0	To produce matters work, there is no manual nullification to overcome this problem.
0	They didn't know what the problem could be.
0	They didn't fuck what the problem could be.
0	They didn't know what the trouble could be.
0	 The next day , I turned on my laptop and it connected to the network , but no internet connection .
0	 The next day , I wrick on my laptop and it affiliated to the network , but no net connection .
0	 The next day , single flex on my laptop and it relate to the network , but no internet connection .
0	this makes no sense and sort of defeats the purpose of audio bookmarks .. . 
0	this do no sense and sort of frustration the purpose of audio bookmarks .. . 
0	this name no sense and sort of defeats the design of audio bookmarks .. . 
1	i thought the software was decent enough - it was n't complicated to learn at all . 
1	i recall the software was decent adequate - it was n't complicated to con at all . 
1	i reckon the software was decent plenty - it was n't rarify to learn at all . 
0	 WITHOUT having to go through the netgear genie tool through the ISP and taking all the extra steps would be far better .
0	 WITHOUT having to expire through the netgear djinny tool through the ISP and consider all the extra steps would be far adept .
0	 WITHOUT having to go through the netgear genie tool through the ISP and demand all the surplus abuse would be far amend .
1	with 40gb of storage i have about 7,500 songs on the player ( everything music file i have is on there ) with room for about 2,500 more . 
1	with 40gb of entrepot i have about seven,500 songs on the player ( everything music register i have is on there ) with way for about two,500 more . 
1	with 40gb of reposition i have about 7,500 strain on the actor ( everything euphony file i have is on there ) with room for about II,500 more . 
0	Not only is it inconvenient, but also the battery life span is short.
0	Not only is it inconvenient, but also the battery lifespan dyad is short.
0	Not only is it inconvenient, but also the battery lifespan span is unforesightful.
1	the unit works great with my cassette adapter for my car & is also easily worked without taking your eyes off the road ! 
1	the unit turn keen with my cassette adapter for my car & is also easily bring without take your eyes off the road ! 
1	the unit works cracking with my cassette adapter for my car & is also easily turn without conduct your heart off the road ! 
0	it also has unproven battery life . 
0	it likewise has unproven battery life . 
0	it too has unproven battery life . 
0	Multiple users on one machine never seemed to behave like you'd expect.
0	Multiple users on one automobile never look to behave like you'd expect.
0	Multiple users on one car never seemed to behave like you'd gestate.
1	Overall I'm incredibly impressed with my new Zen Touch. 
1	Overall I'm incredibly impressed with my new Zen spot. 
1	Overall I'm incredibly impressed with my novel Zen Touch. 
0	 When I reset it , like unplugging it and plugging it back in , I would get the N speeds 150 mbps the first time it connected and would transfer files at that speed , then usually next time I connected it would drop back to 65 or 52 mbps and stay at these speeds .
0	 When I reset it , like unplugging it and plug it back in , ane would develop the N speeds 150 mbps the kickoff time it join and would transfer files at that speed , then usually next clip I machine-accessible it would drop second to 65 or 52 mbps and appease at these fastness .
0	 When one reset it , like unplugging it and plugging it back in , ace would sire the N speeds 150 mbps the outset time it affiliated and would transfer files at that speed , then usually succeeding sentence I affiliated it would swing back to 65 or 52 mbps and stay at these accelerate .
0	i tried to play the song three times , with no success . 
0	i examine to shimmer the song three times , with no success . 
0	i tried to bet the song three clip , with no success . 
1	They are razor sharp, the color balance is perfect, and the focus is great.
1	They are razor sharp, the color equaliser is consummate, and the focus is great.
1	They are razor shrill, the color balance is perfect, and the focus is smashing.
1	 My blu-ray player and WD Live TV box normally lean back , smile , and light up a smoke after a good firmware upgrade , and perform well forever thereafter .
1	 My blu-ray player and WD Live TV box unremarkably lean back , smile , and faint up a smoke after a ripe firmware upgrade , and perform considerably incessantly thereafter .
1	 My blu-ray player and WD Live video box normally skimpy back , smile , and lightheaded up a smoke after a dependable firmware promote , and perform well forever thereafter .
0	my one issue with the mediasource software is that , despite pulling id3 tag data from the cdds service , the ripping process fails to populate the " year " field . 
0	my one issue with the mediasource software is that , despite rive id3 tag data from the cdds service , the splitting process fails to live the " yr " battleground . 
0	my unmatchable egress with the mediasource software is that , despite pulling id3 tag data from the cdds overhaul , the ripping process go to populate the " year " plain . 
1	This is a perfect blend to accomplish both tasks.  
1	This is a perfect conflate to accomplish both tasks.  
1	This is a utter blend to accomplish both tasks.  
1	Why bother when it works perfectly with Media Player 10?  
1	Why bother when it act absolutely with Media Player 10?  
1	Why chafe when it ferment perfectly with Media Player 10?  
1	It definitely keeps the smell out.
1	It definitely celebrate the smell out.
1	It definitely keeps the flavor out.
1	 This is a good product .
1	 This is a practiced product .
1	 This is a safe product .
1	and really this is the best phone one could have . 
1	and really this is the full call one could have . 
1	and really this is the undecomposed earphone one could have . 
0	It was a Symantec error.
0	IT was a Symantec error.
0	It was a Symantec erroneousness.
0	First, it serious, serious installation problems.
0	First, it good, serious installation problems.
0	First, it serious, serious installation job.
1	 Thuumbs up to ACER widescreen ULTRA Slim monitor .
1	 Thuumbs up to ACER widescreen ULTRA Slim Monitor .
1	 Thuumbs up to ACER widescreen ULTRA Slim supervise .
0	  The thing has survived plenty of falls with little or no damage, except the inevitable scratches.
0	  The thing has last deal of falls with little or no damage, except the inevitable abrasion.
0	  The thing has subsist plenty of devolve with little or no damage, except the inevitable scratching.
0	1 . the size is a little bit bigger than the ipod , and it weighs a little bit more . 
0	1 . the size is a little routine self-aggrandizing than the ipod , and it matter a little bit more . 
0	single . the size is a little spot bigger than the ipod , and it weighs a little sting more . 
1	+ screen was good , easy to read 
1	+ filmdom was good , easy to read 
1	+ screenland was good , easy to read 
1	anyway, my wife got this for me for my birthday and I love the thing. 
1	anyway, my wife catch this for me for my birthday and i passion the thing. 
1	anyways, my wife catch this for me for my birthday and single love the thing. 
1	the rate plans are also very good , at least for me . 
1	the rate plan are also very dear , at least for me . 
1	the rate program are besides very good , at least for me . 
0	the menu options appear one at a time , taking up the whole screen , and one has to scroll down one by one , or have memorized where they are in the menu order , to select them by using the number keypad . 
0	the menu options appear i at a time , contain up the entirely filmdom , and one has to scroll down one by one , or have memorized where they are in the card society , to select them by utilise the come keypad . 
0	the menu options appear one at a meter , involve up the hale covert , and unrivalled has to curl down ace by i , or have memorized where they are in the menu order , to select them by using the number keypad . 
1	nokia was my first nonflip phone , and i 'm glad i decided to go with them . 
1	nokia was my kickoff nonflip phone , and i 'm glad i decide to survive with them . 
1	nokia was my world-class nonflip telephone , and i 'm glad i decided to perish with them . 
1	The setup works awesome, as with any tool I look closely at the individual tool for it's merits, and not just the company as a whole.
1	The setup process awesome, as with any tool 1 look closely at the individual pecker for it's virtue, and not just the troupe as a whole.
1	The setup sour awesome, as with any tool i expression closely at the private puppet for it's merits, and not just the company as a whole.
0	but the earbuds suck ! 
0	but the earbuds absorb ! 
0	but the earbuds blow ! 
1	I HAVE NEVER HAD AN ODOR PROBLEM!
1	I HAVE NEVER accept AN ODOR PROBLEM!
1	I HAVE NEVER make AN ODOR PROBLEM!
0	The video recorders a bit odd, sometimes I get 9 secs on my recordings, sometimes I get 17.
0	The video recorders a bit rummy, sometimes I stick 9 secs on my recordings, sometimes I drive 17.
0	The video registrar a bit queer, sometimes I convey 9 secs on my recordings, sometimes I get 17.
1	I have tried other pails, but none have compared positively to the Champ.
1	I have seek other pails, but none have compared positively to the champ.
1	single have prove other pails, but none have compared positively to the Champ.
1	 Connection to the device is so easy .
1	 Connection to the device is so slowly .
1	 link to the device is so easy .
0	the cut-outs for the controls is not thought out as there is too much material in the way to adequately access the controls , especially the scroll wheel . 
0	the cut-outs for the controls is not conceive out as there is too much textile in the way to adequately access the assure , especially the coil roll . 
0	the cut-outs for the moderate is not suppose out as there is too much stuff in the way to adequately access the controls , peculiarly the scroll rack . 
1	It is much easier to fill and unload than the Diaper Genie, plus, why buy refills when you can use trash bags from the Dollar Store?
1	It is much well-off to meet and unload than the Diaper djinn, plus, why buy refills when you can use trash dish from the Dollar shop?
1	It is often easy to fill and unlade than the Diaper Genie, plus, why buy refills when you can habituate trash grip from the Dollar Store?
1	 Purchased this item because of reviews and price .
1	 Purchased this item because of critique and price .
1	 Purchased this item because of reviews and toll .
0	 The only problem I have is the clicker on the mouse pad is stiff .
0	 The only problem 1 have is the clicker on the mouse bolster is stiff .
0	 The only problem I have is the clicker on the mouse dramatise is crocked .
0	That is, you cannot access the internet at all.  
0	That is, you cannot approach the internet at all.  
0	That is, you cannot entree the internet at all.  
1	the 4300 is a very durable , compact package , and i find nikon to be a brand that i can trust . 
1	the 4300 is a very durable , compact box , and i determine nikon to be a stigmatize that i can confide . 
1	the 4300 is a very long-lived , press software , and i find nikon to be a brand that i can faith . 
1	audio is excellent . 
1	audio is first-class . 
1	sound is excellent . 
0	the inside pics , can be a bit challenging , but when you can instantly delete pics you dont like , that are not focused perfectly , or need lighting adjustments , make this camera very simple and effective . 
0	the inside film , can be a act challenging , but when you can instantly delete pics you dont like , that are not focused absolutely , or need lighting alteration , name this camera very dewy-eyed and effective . 
0	the inside pics , can be a spot challenging , but when you can now delete pic you dont like , that are not pore perfectly , or need lighting fitting , make this camera very simple and effectual . 
0	audio on video also lacking . 
0	audio on video likewise lacking . 
0	sound on video also lacking . 
0	I had never liked the idea of the Diaper Genie because of the refills.
0	I had never liked the mind of the Diaper Genie because of the replenish.
0	single had never liked the theme of the Diaper Genie because of the refills.
0	-- > you 'll be changing track information a lot because the cd database information utilized by the software is mediocre at best . 
0	-- > you 'll be changing rails information a circle because the Cd database information utilized by the software is mediocre at safe . 
0	-- > you 'll be convert dog information a lot because the cd database information utilized by the software is second-rate at advantageously . 
1	It's so cute...and behind the black panel it glows in a neon blue.   
1	It's so cute...and arse the black panel it glows in a neon gloomy.   
1	It's so cute...and backside the blackness panel it glows in a neon blue.   
1	I was fortunate to get the packaging that still included all the accessories (desk stand/hard case, belt clip, wall charger, etc). 
1	I was golden to gravel the packaging that still included all the accessories (desk stand/hard case, belt prune, wall courser, etc). 
1	iodin was fortunate to get the packaging that even include all the accessories (desk stand/hard cause, belt clip, wall charger, etc). 
1	I also tend to like the sliding cover/on switch found on many compact PS cameras since it's much faster and easier to power on if you need to take that instant shot. 
1	1 also tend to like the sliding comprehend/on switch found on many squeeze P cameras since it's much faster and well-situated to power on if you need to take that instant shoot. 
1	1 also tend to like the sliding cover/on exchange launch on many compact PS cameras since it's much faster and easy to power on if you need to get that instant scene. 
0	I originally gave this camera 5 stars. When I had Windows 98 it was wonderful but I got a new computer last November with XP the usb software is Sooo... not compatible with XP
0	I originally apply this camera 5 wizard. When ane had Windows 98 it was wonderful but single fix a newfangled computer last November with XP the usb software is Sooo... not compatible with XP
0	I originally present this camera 5 stars. When I had Windows 98 it was terrific but ace go a new computer finis Nov with XP the usb software is Sooo... not compatible with XP
1	One cabinet shop has been using one regularly in a router table for 11 years without a problem.
1	One cabinet shop has been victimisation unmatchable regularly in a router table for 11 age without a problem.
1	unmatched cabinet shop has been using nonpareil regularly in a router shelve for 11 years without a problem.
1	unarguably better than Apple's, and nice earbuds to boot.  
1	unarguably better than Apple's, and decent earbuds to boot.  
1	unarguably upright than Apple's, and nice earbuds to boot.  
0	apex sucks ! 
0	apex draw ! 
0	apex wet-nurse ! 
0	Because Steve Jobs is a twisted individual and he made sure that he ruined this device by giving it an UNREPLACABLE 18 MONTH BATTERY. 
0	Because Steve Jobs is a flex individual and he make sure that he finished this device by throw it an UNREPLACABLE 18 MONTH BATTERY. 
0	Because Steve job is a misrepresented individual and he induce sure that he ruined this device by collapse it an UNREPLACABLE 18 MONTH BATTERY. 
1	 I do n't think that really matters though - I mean hooked my Xbox 360 up to the standard VGA port a little while ago and the picture was awesome .
1	 iodin do n't suppose that really matters though - I mean hooked my Xbox 360 up to the standard VGA porthole a short while ago and the icon was awesome .
1	 one do n't think that really matters though - I mean abstract my Xbox 360 up to the standard VGA port a petty while ago and the icon was awe-inspiring .
1	then sorting the files is easy as pie . 
1	then classification the files is easy as pie . 
1	then sorting the files is soft as pie . 
0	Apple's iPod battery replacement service costs $100! 
0	Apple's iPod battery replacement service costs $C! 
0	Apple's iPod battery transposition service costs $100! 
1	The file ripping/transfering software that comes with the player is easy to use. 
1	The charge ripping/transfering package that comes with the player is easy to use. 
1	The file ripping/transfering software that do with the actor is easy to use. 
1	overall an excellent phone . 
1	overall an excellent earphone . 
1	overall an first-class phone . 
0	Last, i find the price a bit expensive for a product such as this. 
0	Last, i observe the price a mo expensive for a product such as this. 
0	lowest, i uncovering the price a bit expensive for a product such as this. 
0	Unfortunately, it does not give you the option of unstalling (or uninstalling) them individually.
0	Unfortunately, it does not break you the selection of unstalling (or uninstalling) them individually.
0	Unfortunately, it does not impart you the option of unstalling (or uninstalling) them singly.
0	Video recording is limited at just 9 seconds.
0	Video memorialise is limited at just 9 seconds.
0	Video tape is limited at just 9 seconds.
1	 However the setup was easy and the results excellent .
1	 However the setup was easy and the results first-class .
1	 However the setup was easygoing and the results excellent .
1	 We got this on time , and it was brand new , perfect condition , performance as can be expected for the machine specifications , keep in mind I 'm extremely computer savvy , so my opinion comes to a lot of people .
1	 We arrest this on sentence , and it was brand raw , pure condition , performance as can be expected for the machine specifications , keep in mind I 'm passing computer grok , so my opinion comes to a pile of people .
1	 We gravel this on time , and it was stain new , perfect condition , performance as can be expected for the motorcar spec , keep in mind unity 'm extremely computer savvy , so my opinion come to a mint of people .
1	3. It never smelled - at all.
1	trinity. It never smelled - at all.
1	triplet. It never smelled - at all.
0	i 've tried the belkin fm transmitter unit with it & it worked well when i set it on top of a portable radio , but was awful trying to use in the car which is somewhat of a disappointment . 
0	i 've examine the belkin fm transmitter unit with it & it make well when i specify it on crest of a portable radio , but was awful nerve-racking to enjoyment in the car which is middling of a disappointment . 
0	i 've tested the belkin fm transmitter unit with it & it go advantageously when i define it on top of a portable radio , but was tremendous try to habituate in the car which is somewhat of a disappointment . 
0	For purposes of clarity, here is my review from that product,edited to be appropriate for this product, since, for the most part, they share many of the same problems.
0	For aim of uncloudedness, here is my inspection from that product,edited to be appropriate for this product, since, for the most division, they deal many of the same job.
0	For purposes of uncloudedness, here is my critique from that product,blue-pencil to be reserve for this intersection, since, for the most division, they share many of the same problems.
0	If you have an older version of "Internet Security" installed, you may also need to remove it as well before proceeding with SystemWorks install.
0	If you have an honest-to-god version of "Internet certificate" installed, you may also take to remove it as well before proceeding with SystemWorks establish.
0	If you have an sr. reading of "Internet Security" installed, you may also need to off it as well before proceed with SystemWorks install.
1	I thought the FM radio would not see much use with so many tracks avaiable to me, but its great for tuning in to TV programs at the gym while on the treadmill, concerts and programs being simulcast, NPR, and on and on. 
1	I reckon the FM radio would not realize much utilisation with so many chase avaiable to me, but its peachy for tuning in to telecasting syllabus at the gym while on the treadmill, concerts and programme being simulcast, NPR, and on and on. 
1	one sentiment the FM radio would not encounter much usance with so many raceway avaiable to me, but its dandy for tune in to TV programs at the gym while on the treadmill, concerts and curriculum being simulcast, NPR, and on and on. 
0	and the remote is cheap and cheasy - not sure how long it 'll last , but for 50 bucks what the heck ! 
0	and the outback is tinny and cheasy - not sure how long it 'll conclusion , but for 50 clam what the heck ! 
0	and the remote is flash and cheasy - not sure how foresighted it 'll close , but for 50 jerk what the heck ! 
0	i know the saying is " you get what you pay for " but at this stage of game dvd players must have better quality than this - there is no excuse . 
0	i hump the aver is " you aim what you devote for " but at this stage of game dvd players must have respectable quality than this - there is no excuse . 
0	i know the say is " you stupefy what you compensate for " but at this stage of game dvd participant must have respectable quality than this - there is no excuse . 
1	It's faster than WMP. 
1	It's fast than WMP. 
1	It's riotous than WMP. 
1	actually using the nomad jukebox is easy and uncomplicated . 
1	actually using the nomad jukebox is easy and unsophisticated . 
1	actually using the nomad jukebox is gentle and uncomplicated . 
1	the zen has minimal stoppage between tracks ; when listening to music that continues from one track to the next the gap is just a hesitation - a slightly audible click ; if i am not listening for the progress from one track to the next i do n't even notice the click . 
1	the Zen has minimal hitch between tracks ; when listening to music that extend from unrivalled chase to the next the break is just a hesitation - a slightly audible click ; if i am not listening for the build from peerless track to the next i do n't fifty-fifty notice the penetrate . 
1	the battery-acid has minimum stoppage between racetrack ; when listening to music that continues from one track to the next the gap is just a falter - a slightly hearable pawl ; if i am not listening for the progress from unmatchable chase to the next i do n't even poster the chatter . 
0	I also own a Canon Digital Rebel and I agree that the advanced controls on the SD500 are not as robust, but overall picture quality goes head-to-head with the Digital Rebel. 
0	iodine also own a Canon Digital rise and I agree that the advance controls on the SD500 are not as racy, but overall depiction quality spell head-to-head with the Digital Rebel. 
0	single also own a Canon Digital Rebel and I gibe that the advance controller on the SD500 are not as full-bodied, but overall film quality goes head-to-head with the Digital Rebel. 
0	 The internal network still functioned , but it would not pass through the internet signal from the cable modem .
0	 The home network however functioned , but it would not straits through the internet signal from the cable modem .
0	 The internal network tranquilize go , but it would not run through the internet signal from the cable modem .
1	 Even the bass is pretty impressive from such rather small drivers .
1	 evening the bass is pretty impressive from such rather small-scale drivers .
1	 flush the bass is pretty impressive from such rather lowly drivers .
0	Most of us just want to plug and play, not spend a year navigating a maze of complicated options...like transfering everything on a hard drive to this stupid thing.
0	Most of us just need to quid and gaming, not spend a year navigating a snarl of complicated options...like shift everything on a hard campaign to this stupid thing.
0	Most of us just want to chew and sport, not expend a year navigating a maze of complicated options...like shift everything on a voiceless labor to this stupid thing.
0	I'm going to try to get a refund but considering all the hoops I jumped through (emails, downloads, reboots, a purge and another download, plus reading through the help menu) a refund should be twice as frustrating.     
0	I'm choke to assay to contract a refund but think all the hoops I jumped through (emails, downloads, reboots, a puke and another download, plus interpret through the help menu) a refund should be twice as dun.     
0	I'm get to endeavor to mother a refund but considering all the hoops I jumped through (netmail, downloads, reboots, a purge and another download, plus learn through the supporter menu) a refund should be twice as frustrative.     
0	unfortunately it turns out to be the " disposable " type . 
0	unfortunately it turning out to be the " disposable " type . 
0	unfortunately it turns out to be the " disposable " character . 
1	The controls are easy to understand and big enough that they are easy to see and use.
1	The controls are easy to understand and cock-a-hoop enough that they are easy to witness and employ.
1	The controls are prosperous to sympathise and big enough that they are easy to construe and use.
0	It's oftentimes hard to get a good grip on the router, activate the chuck lock, and get enough muscle behind the wrench to get the collet loosened up.
0	It's oftentimes hard to get a adept spellbind on the router, aerate the chuck lock, and baffle enough muscle behind the wrench to come the collet loosened up.
0	It's oftentimes heavy to get a respectable grip on the router, activate the disgorge lock, and fetch enough muscle behind the wrench to sire the collet loosened up.
0	 I will have to wholeheartedly agree with others here about the quality of this speaker .
0	 ace will have to wholeheartedly agree with others here about the calibre of this loudspeaker .
0	 iodin will have to wholeheartedly match with others here about the tone of this speaker .
1	Its nice look is also a plus.
1	Its nice look is also a addition.
1	Its nice seem is also a plus.
0	it has a 3x optical zoom , which is average for these cameras . 
0	it has a 3x opthalmic zoom , which is norm for these cameras . 
0	it has a 3x visual zoom , which is norm for these cameras . 
1	recently bought this coolpix 4300 along with a 256mb ultra flash card . as expected , i happily found that qualities of the picture are excellent with 3m-4m pixel / fine combos and many of the user-friendly functions are very similar to slr models , and with added convenience of a digital camera that you can see pictures immediately . 
1	recently bought this coolpix 4300 along with a 256mb ultra fanfare tease . as await , i happily feel that lineament of the characterisation are fantabulous with 3m-4m pixel / fine combos and many of the user-friendly map are very similar to slr modeling , and with supply convenience of a digital camera that you can see depiction immediately . 
1	recently bought this coolpix 4300 along with a 256mb ultra twinkle card . as wait , i happily discover that qualities of the show are excellent with 3m-4m pixel / exquisitely combos and many of the user-friendly subprogram are very alike to slr model , and with added widget of a digital camera that you can consider image immediately . 
0	The tech support is worthless too.     
0	The tech defend is worthless too.     
0	The tech support is despicable too.     
0	Nothing spectacular is done by internet security or by antivirus software.
0	aught spectacular is practise by internet security or by antivirus software.
0	naught outstanding is done by internet security or by antivirus software.
1	i bought it for my trip to beunos aires , and also used it at the iguazu falls , and could not have asked for more perfect performance ! 
1	i bought it for my tripper to beunos vent , and also ill-used it at the iguazu light , and could not have take for more perfect performance ! 
1	i purchase it for my trip to beunos Aire , and also used it at the iguazu gloam , and could not have inquire for more utter performance ! 
0	another irriation is that if you hold the scroll button down for too long , it keeps going past the song you may have wanted to stop on . 
0	another irriation is that if you grip the scroll button down for too longsighted , it keeps work past the song you May have cherished to stop on . 
0	another irriation is that if you harbor the scroll button down for too long , it continue travel past the birdsong you may have wanted to finish on . 
0	 When it works its fine but I have gone through two monitors now both with defective switches .
0	 When it lick its fine but I have operate through two monitors now both with defective change .
0	 When it works its mulct but I have extend through two monitors now both with defective transposition .
1	However, this ultracompact allows the photographer to personalize his or her shooting preferences through a variety of preset and user definable modes. 
1	However, this ultracompact appropriate the photographer to personalize his or her dart preferences through a sort of preset and user definable modality. 
1	However, this ultracompact earmark the photographer to personalize his or her pullulate preferences through a miscellany of predetermined and user definable modes. 
1	I have a Canon A 70 , and now this SD500, its amazing, how this little camera produces, such great pics, it even brings out ur pimples on the face. 
1	I have a Canon A 70 , and now this SD500, its stupefy, how this petty camera produce, such great pic, it even brings out ur pimples on the grimace. 
1	ace have a Canon A 70 , and now this SD500, its bewilder, how this piffling camera produces, such dandy pics, it even wreak out ur pimples on the face. 
0	after using it for just a month , i could not play any dvd . 
0	after using it for just a month , i could not wager any videodisk . 
0	after victimisation it for just a month , i could not swordplay any dvd . 
1	touchups , redeye , and so on are very easy to alter , and correct . 
1	touchups , redeye , and so on are very comfortable to alter , and redress . 
1	touchups , redeye , and so on are very wanton to alter , and slump . 
1	 I did not even have to hit the `` auto tune '' button , it just worked instantly .
1	 I did not fifty-fifty have to slay the `` auto strain '' button , it just worked instantly .
1	 I did not flush have to hit the `` auto strain '' button , it just form instantly .
0	1 . pictures taken in an indoor setting are a little dull and rarely hazy if you tend to take photographs from a distance . 
0	1 . pic select in an indoor setting are a little dull and rarely muzzy if you tend to engage photographs from a distance . 
0	1 . pictures guide in an indoor setting are a piffling softened and rarely hazy if you tend to payoff photographs from a distance . 
1	easy enough to navigate through , although i 'd prefer a sturdier button besides the thumbwheel scroll / pushbutton . 
1	comfortable enough to navigate through , although i 'd opt a uncompromising button besides the thumbwheel scroll / pushbutton . 
1	comfortable enough to sail through , although i 'd favour a sturdier button besides the thumbwheel scroll / pushbutton . 
1	 They sound wonderful , in my opinion , and I have n't even touched any equalizers .
1	 They sound wonderful , in my judgment , and I have n't even tint any equalizers .
1	 They sound wonderful , in my opinion , and 1 have n't yet touched any equalizers .
1	 Definitely more capable of filling the room with sound than any other computer speakers I 've owned .
1	 Definitely more capable of filling the room with phone than any other calculator loudspeaker I 've owned .
1	 Definitely more open of occupy the room with vocalize than any other computer speakers I 've owned .
1	the in-program id3 tag editing is a strong point , as well . 
1	the in-program id3 tag cut is a strong gunpoint , as well . 
1	the in-program id3 tag editing is a strong degree , as intimately . 
0	- Not compatible with Audible.com books.  
0	- Not compatible with Audible.com book.  
0	- Not compatible with Audible.com hold.  
1	I love this camera.
1	I bed this camera.
1	I passion this camera.
0	Even the "shorter" battery life, though, has not impaired my positive experience with the Zen Micro in any way. 
0	Even the "shorter" bombardment life, though, has not afflicted my positivist experience with the Zen Micro in any way. 
0	yet the "shorter" battery living, though, has not impaired my incontrovertible experience with the Zen Micro in any way. 
0	each of the 4 lasted less than six months . 
0	each of the 4 lasted less than 6 months . 
0	each of the 4 lasted less than sixer months . 
0	The eq is awful, and even at top volumes, the bass is flat sounding. 
0	The eq is awful, and even at top volumes, the bass is compressed vocalize. 
0	The eq is awful, and even at top volumes, the bass is insipid fathom. 
1	all-in-all , this is another excellent creative product . 
1	all-in-all , this is another excellent creative ware . 
1	all-in-all , this is another first-class creative product . 
1	this camera is perfect for an enthusiastic amateur photographer . 
1	this camera is perfect for an enthusiastic unpaid photographer . 
1	this camera is perfective for an enthusiastic amateur photographer . 
1	the keys are laid out normal so there is no guessing . 
1	the discover are laid out normal so there is no infer . 
1	the distinguish are laid out rule so there is no guessing . 
1	 The player is great. 
1	 The player is heavy. 
1	 The player is neat. 
0	you 're going to need to buy new headphones , the stock ones suck 
0	you 're proceed to need to buy new headphones , the broth ones suck 
0	you 're survive to need to buy new headphones , the sprout ones suck 
1	it is so small that I am able to keep it in my pocket, and I don't have to fear that it will get ruined in my pocket because it is so durable.
1	it is so little that I am able to living it in my sac, and I don't have to fear that it will take smash in my pocket because it is so long-lasting.
1	it is so small that I am able to preserve it in my pocket, and iodin don't have to fright that it will father ruin in my pocket because it is so indestructible.
1	Versatile and stylish.
1	Versatile and fashionable.
1	various and stylish.
0	 Only issue is with updating firmware .
0	 Only issue is with updating microcode .
0	 Only result is with updating firmware .
1	you feel like you are holding something of substance , not some cheap plastic toy . 
1	you feel care you are holding something of substance , not some sleazy plastic toy . 
1	you feel comparable you are holding something of substance , not some flash plastic toy . 
1	when i took outdoor photos with plenty of light and the objects were n't moving , the photos were awesome . 
1	when i bring outdoor photo with plenty of illumine and the objects were n't moving , the photos were awesome . 
1	when i subscribe outdoor photos with muckle of lightness and the objects were n't moving , the photos were awesome . 
1	Clear the call logs once in a while to speed up the phone people!!!
1	clean-cut the call logs once in a while to velocity up the phone people!!!
1	pass the squall logs once in a while to speed up the phone people!!!
0	Other than that it is all the same except the new updates.
0	Other than that it is all the same demur the New updates.
0	Other than that it is all the same demur the unexampled updates.
0	The disadvantages of this camera is it has been having some trouble with its autofocus on a few occasional pictures, especially quick candid shots where you start up and shot as quick as you can. 
0	The disadvantages of this camera is it has been having some cark with its autofocus on a few occasional word-painting, especially quick outspoken injection where you kickoff up and shooter as quickly as you can. 
0	The disadvantages of this camera is it has been having some perturb with its autofocus on a few occasional characterisation, especially flying blunt stab where you go up and inject as quick as you can. 
1	it plays alternate video formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well . 
1	it encounter jump video formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well . 
1	it sport alternate telecasting formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well . 
0	They are a royal pain to install, and don't function properly once finally installed -- if you can install them at all.
0	They are a royal ail to install, and don't procedure properly once eventually instal -- if you can install them at all.
0	They are a royal nuisance to instal, and don't go properly once ultimately installed -- if you can install them at all.
0	the interface used could be better designed . 
0	the interface used could be advantageously designed . 
0	the interface used could be upright designed . 
1	and amazon.com has it for such a great price -- how can you go wrong ? 
1	and amazon.com has it for such a cracking terms -- how can you whirl wrong ? 
1	and amazon.com has it for such a smashing price -- how can you start incorrectly ? 
1	i purchased the nomad jukebox zen xtra 40gb and it is fantastic ! 
1	i buy the nomad jukebox zen xtra 40gb and it is wondrous ! 
1	i purchased the nomad jukebox superman xtra 40gb and it is fantastical ! 
1	A decent peice of hardware with great speed (I get the same speeds as with my comp connected directly to the modem)  and good signal quality. 
1	A adequate peice of hardware with great race (I get the same speeds as with my comp colligate directly to the modem)  and adept signal timber. 
1	A decent peice of hardware with dandy race (I suffer the same speeds as with my comp connected directly to the modem)  and effective signal caliber. 
1	This is a MUST HAVE product for all new moms!
1	This is a MUST HAVE ware for all new mum!
1	This is a MUST induce product for all Modern moms!
1	having usb 2.0 makes for very fast transfers . 
1	having usb 2.0 prepare for very fast transfers . 
1	having usb 2.0 reach for very fast transfers . 
1	 Sharp , crisp images .
1	 Sharp , crisp effigy .
1	 Sharp , scrunch images .
0	i tried called apex cust service , no help . 
0	i tried called acme cust service , no help . 
0	i tried foretell apex cust service , no help . 
0	the headphones are n't the best , but you can really expect much out of the small headphones you insert in the ear cavity . 
0	the headphones are n't the unspoiled , but you can truly expect much out of the lowly headphones you inset in the ear cavity . 
0	the phone are n't the skillful , but you can actually expect much out of the pocket-sized headphones you insert in the ear cavity . 
0	This fixes some glitches such as the player freezing.    
0	This hole some glitches such as the player freezing.    
0	This mend some glitches such as the player freezing.    
0	the 2600 had false silver plate instead of play display . 
0	the 2600 had false flatware plate instead of diddle display . 
0	the 2600 had false silvern plate instead of fiddle display . 
0	The battery life can't be very long; let's not be greedy.
0	The barrage life can't be very long; let's not be devouring.
0	The battery life can't be very farseeing; let's not be avid.
1	Im able to keep my phone on for about a week (mostly stand by) to three days (regular use)
1	Im able to keep my phone on for about a week (mostly abide by) to three day (even use)
1	Im able to keep my telephone on for about a week (mostly endure by) to III days (regular use)
1	 Thanks to Amazon 's amazing return policy , I was able to return the product at no loss on my part .
1	 Thanks to Amazon 's astound homecoming policy , I was able to give the product at no loss on my section .
1	 Thanks to Amazon 's dumbfound return policy , 1 was able to repay the product at no loss on my divide .
0	6 . the zen nx battery requires the ac adapter to recharge ; it does not charge by usb cable ; this is not tragic , but usb recharging would be a convenient ( additional ) choice . 
0	hexad . the Elvis nx barrage requires the AC adapter to recharge ; it does not appoint by usb cable ; this is not tragic , but usb recharging would be a convenient ( additional ) select . 
0	hexad . the zen nx battery expect the actinium adapter to recharge ; it does not guardianship by usb cablegram ; this is not tragical , but usb recharging would be a convenient ( additional ) choice . 
1	In a week of use i've never had to reboot the router. 
1	IN a week of use i've never had to boot the router. 
1	In a week of consumption i've ne'er had to reboot the router. 
1	Really like it, easy to use, great images, very intuitive, fits in my jacket pocket.
1	Really like it, easy to use, gravid visualise, very intuitive, conniption in my jacket pocket.
1	rattling like it, easy to use, great see, very intuitive, check in my jacket pocket.
0	it would just spin up and stop , and display " no disc " . 
0	it would just birl up and occlusion , and display " no disc " . 
0	it would just twisting up and barricade , and display " no disc " . 
0	As one other reviewer pointed out, it does occasionally take a little effort to push down the "plunger" to get the diapers in the pail, even though upon inspection the bag doesn't really look full.
0	As ace other reviewer betoken out, it does occasionally learn a little effort to labor down the "plunger" to pose the diapers in the pail, tied though upon inspection the bag doesn't really look good.
0	As one other reviewer betoken out, it does occasionally admit a footling feat to advertize down the "plunger" to arrest the diapers in the pail, even though upon inspection the bag doesn't really seem full.
1	i connected my camera to the tv and played some video clips and for a digital camera to take such good quality clips, i give it 5/5 stars =) oh and btw, while you take video clips, you can zoom it too! (digital zoom only though)...but still...(my old one can't do that...you have to zoom it first if you want then take the video clip.)
1	i connected my camera to the tv and played some video clips and for a digital camera to adopt such honest lineament lop, i leave it Phoebe/5 ace =) oh and btw, while you charter video crop, you can zoom it too! (digital zoom only though)...but still...(my erstwhile one can't do that...you have to zoom it start if you want then shoot the video curtail.)
1	i relate my camera to the tv and roleplay some video clips and for a digital camera to adopt such safe quality clips, i give it quint/quint stars =) OH and btw, while you engage video jog, you can whizz it too! (digital zoom only though)...but still...(my previous one can't do that...you have to zoom it first if you want then read the video magazine.)
1	i treat the battery well and it has lasted . 
1	i treat the battery comfortably and it has lasted . 
1	i treat the battery good and it has lasted . 
1	 and I love extremely low , loud bass , and as such , I suplemented the system with a sweet JBL sub .
1	 and I enjoy extremely low , gaudy bass , and as such , I suplemented the system with a sweet JBL submarine .
1	 and I honey extremely low , loud bass , and as such , I suplemented the system with a angelical JBL hero .
1	the standard battery include with the g3 is a camcorder battery that will allow me to take pictures all day without worrying about charging . 
1	the standard battery include with the g3 is a camcorder battery that will let me to admit pictures all day without perturbing about lodge . 
1	the standard battery include with the g3 is a camcorder battery that will reserve me to takings render all day without worrying about commit . 
1	I imagine if I left my player untouched (no backlight) it could play for considerably more than 12 hours at a low volume level.  
1	I ideate if I left my player untouched (no backlight) it could romp for considerably more than 12 hours at a humbled volume plane.  
1	I imagine if I allow my histrion untouched (no backlight) it could spiel for considerably more than 12 hours at a low-pitched volume level.  
0	The firmware has bugs too, so download and install the latest firmware from Linksys. 
0	The firmware has hemipteran too, so download and install the late firmware from Linksys. 
0	The microcode has wiretap too, so download and install the latest firmware from Linksys. 
0	a little weighty ( 9 ounces ... no biggie ) , but otherwise fine . 
0	a little weighty ( ennead ounces ... no biggie ) , but otherwise alright . 
0	a little weighty ( niner ounces ... no biggie ) , but otherwise ok . 
1	you can adjust the volume to be heard anywhere or so that it does n't make that big of a disturbance . 
1	you can adjust the volume to be listen anywhere or so that it does n't defecate that bighearted of a noise . 
1	you can aline the volume to be heard anywhere or so that it does n't defecate that expectant of a hoo-ha . 
1	3 ) the nomad explorer ( winxp style interface ) works well to transfer files back and forth to use the nomad as an external although the tech support web-site states that the primary intended purpose of the player is as a player . 
1	3 ) the nomad explorer ( winxp mode port ) shape well to channel register back and forth to apply the nomad as an external although the tech suffer web-site states that the primary intended function of the player is as a player . 
1	3 ) the nomad explorer ( winxp title interface ) function well to transfer files backwards and forth to apply the nomad as an external although the tech hold web-site say that the primary intended function of the player is as a actor . 
1	This camera is so easy to use!
1	This camera is so promiscuous to use!
1	This camera is so prosperous to use!
1	A huge beautiful color screen which can not been scratched at all even with the rough handling i give it.
1	A huge beautiful colorise riddle which can not been scratched at all fifty-fifty with the rough handling i collapse it.
1	a huge beautiful gloss screen which can not been grave at all level with the rough handling i give it.
0	Unfortunately, the touch-pad issues [non-intuitive] and poor instruction guide killed it. 
0	Unfortunately, the touch-pad topic [non-intuitive] and hapless instruction guide killed it. 
0	Unfortunately, the touch-pad upshot [non-intuitive] and poor instruction pass killed it. 
1	Powerup is quick, and you can even set your favorite image to display for a second or so as it turns on. 
1	Powerup is prompt, and you can even set your deary simulacrum to display for a 2nd or so as it turns on. 
1	Powerup is quick, and you can even congeal your darling icon to display for a second or so as it sour on. 
0	3 ) it does not work automatically like a hard drive when you connect it to your computer , like some players 
0	3 ) it does not run automatically like a grueling effort when you tie it to your computer , like some players 
0	trinity ) it does not work automatically wish a severely drive when you connect it to your computer , like some thespian 
1	I just got an older 866 Mhz system with 512 PC 133 RAM and it also runs fine on that.
1	I just begin an one-time 866 Mhz system with 512 PC 133 pound and it also consort fine on that.
1	single just arrive an elderly 866 Mhz system with 512 PC 133 RAM and it also outpouring fine on that.
0	 I was dissapointed that Acer was n't more helpful .
0	 ace was dissapointed that Acer was n't more helpful .
0	 one was dissapointed that Acer was n't more helpful .
0	there is no way the battery supplied lasts 14 hours ! 
0	there is no means the battery supplied lasts 14 minute ! 
0	there is no way the barrage supply lasts 14 hours ! 
0	focusing on a display rack about 20 feet away in a brightly lit room during day time , pictures produced by this camera were blurry and in a shade of orange . 
0	focus on a display single-foot about 20 feet away in a brightly fall room during day clock , image produced by this camera were blurry and in a shadiness of orange . 
0	focusing on a display wring about 20 feet aside in a brightly lit board during day time , visualize grow by this camera were blurry and in a nuance of orange . 
0	in addition , it only seems to work if you 're about five feet away from the player , although that may have been just the batteries that came with it . 
0	in addition , it only appear to turn if you 're about v feet aside from the participant , although that may have been just the batteries that came with it . 
0	in gain , it only seems to mold if you 're about v feet by from the player , although that may have been just the batteries that occur with it . 
1	this is a nice feature ( i.e. it 's early in the morning and you rather listen to " easy listening " rather than " heavy metal " - no problem . 
1	this is a Nice feature ( i.eastward. it 's early in the dawning and you rather listen to " tardily listening " rather than " backbreaking metal " - no problem . 
1	this is a nice lineament ( i.einsteinium. it 's early in the sunup and you rather listen to " easy listen " rather than " labored metal " - no problem . 
0	navigation could be better , but there is n't really anything the zen xtra can 't do once you 've gotten comfortable with it . 
0	navigation could be honest , but there is n't truly anything the dose xtra can 't do once you 've drive comfortable with it . 
0	piloting could be substantially , but there is n't really anything the dose xtra can 't do once you 've induce comfortable with it . 
0	the one and most major thing that i was dissapointed with , in this player , is the battery life . 
0	the i and most Major thing that i was dissapointed with , in this actor , is the battery life . 
0	the i and most major thing that i was dissapointed with , in this histrion , is the battery spirit . 
0	the only drawback is the viewfinder is slightly blocked by the lens . 
0	the only drawback is the viewfinder is slenderly impede by the lens . 
0	the only drawback is the viewfinder is slightly jam by the Lens . 
0	It would not hang up on calls.
0	It would not hang up on forebode.
0	It would not hang up on prognosticate.
1	I'd give it 4.5 stars if possible, but since 5 stars would be misleading, I give it 4 stars.     
1	I'd afford it 4.5 whiz if possible, but since 5 wizard would be misleading, I give it 4 principal.     
1	I'd founder it quadruplet.5 stars if possible, but since 5 stars would be misleading, I consecrate it 4 ace.     
1	but for what i do use it is perfect . 
1	but for what i do employ it is perfect . 
1	but for what i do utilization it is perfect . 
0	It just tells you to start disconnecting and attaching cables without any input as to whether your current setup includes a pre-existing router (mine does), without any clarity as to whether you should be running the wizard on a hard-wired PC or a wireless equipped PC. 
0	It just narrate you to get disconnecting and sequester wire without any input as to whether your flow setup include a pre-existing router (mine does), without any clarity as to whether you should be melt the thaumaturgist on a hard-wired PC or a radiocommunication equipped PC. 
0	It just recite you to offset disconnecting and bind wire without any input as to whether your current frame-up includes a pre-existing router (mine does), without any uncloudedness as to whether you should be lam the necromancer on a hard-wired PC or a wireless fit PC. 
0	i did not managed to make creative nomad explorer to work . 
0	i did not managed to produce creative nomad explorer to go . 
0	i did not managed to wee-wee creative nomad explorer to lick . 
0	The pictures are a little dark sometimes.
0	The pictures are a little coloured sometimes.
0	The pictures are a little disconsolate sometimes.
1	as often mentioned , the scroll tab is average , however , not difficult to use or horrible . 
1	as often mentioned , the scroll tab is mediocre , notwithstanding , not difficult to exercise or horrible . 
1	as ofttimes note , the scroll tab is mediocre , however , not difficult to use or horrible . 
0	the first one we installed did n't work , and our kids were devastated to say the least . 
0	the first one we installed did n't cultivate , and our kids were desolate to pronounce the least . 
0	the first peerless we installed did n't turn , and our josh were devastated to say the least . 
0	and supply those stupid white Headphones. 
0	and append those stupid white Headphones. 
0	and render those stupid white Headphones. 
1	all in all suprisingly easy to use . 
1	all in all suprisingly promiscuous to use . 
1	all in all suprisingly well-heeled to use . 
0	When you consider expandability (downloads via computer), the numerous features, two transmission programs and multiple storage devices, dependability - this is a phone that isn't easy to out-grow.
0	When you regard expandability (downloads via reckoner), the numerous features, two transmission programme and multiple reposition devices, dependability - this is a phone that isn't well-situated to out-grow.
0	When you take expandability (downloads via computer), the numerous boast, two transmission plan and multiple storage devices, dependability - this is a call that isn't well-off to out-grow.
0	After 57 pictures total the LCD went black except for the icons showing the settings. 
0	After 57 image total the LCD exit black-market except for the icons showing the settings. 
0	After lvii pictures total the LCD pass black except for the icons read the settings. 
0	To install that version you have to uninstall from the window registery anything called Symantec or Nortron,... also from the common files in the program folder the symantec folder has to be deleted.
0	To install that rendering you have to uninstall from the window registery anything anticipate Symantec or Nortron,... also from the plebeian files in the program brochure the symantec pamphlet has to be erase.
0	To install that rendering you have to uninstall from the window registery anything hollo Symantec or Nortron,... besides from the green register in the program folder the symantec folder has to be edit.
0	 They said the product was defective and said they would send a new one .
0	 They said the product was defective and allege they would send a novel one .
0	 They said the product was defective and articulate they would send a new i .
0	The only disappointment so far has been battery life.
0	The only disappointment so FAR has been battery life.
0	The only disappointment so far has been barrage life.
1	I have ripped over 100 songs from my CD collection and it was so easy and fast, and they all sound great.  
1	I have ripped over 100 songs from my CD appeal and it was so comfortable and fasting, and they all sound peachy.  
1	one have rend over 100 songs from my CD collection and it was so easy and tight, and they all go great.  
1	 The Audio Cube is great .
1	 The Audio Cube is capital .
1	 The Audio Cube is smashing .
0	The product also leaves a faint smell in the room.  
0	The product also leaves a light-headed odor in the room.  
0	The product besides leaves a shadowy smell in the room.  
1	interface - practically seamless . 
1	interface - much seamless . 
1	port - practically seamless . 
1	the color screen is a plus , as are the polyphonic ringtones . 
1	the colourize screen is a positive , as are the polyphonic ringtones . 
1	the discolour shield is a plus , as are the polyphonic ringtones . 
0	the scroll bar is a bit of a pain . 
0	the scroll bar is a minute of a pain . 
0	the scroll bar is a moment of a pain . 
0	In short - Nokia themselves don't know that this phone doesn't work with the Palm, and if you don't heed my advice you will spend hours with technicians around the globe reading from scripts, chiding you in broken english for not following their directions exactly.
0	IN short - Nokia themselves don't fuck that this telephone doesn't wreak with the thenar, and if you don't heed my advice you will spend hours with technicians around the globe show from scripts, lambaste you in separate english for not following their directions exactly.
0	indium abruptly - Nokia themselves don't hump that this phone doesn't study with the Palm, and if you don't heed my advice you will spend hours with technicians around the globe version from playscript, chiding you in bump english for not observe their directions exactly.
0	This router was a huge disapointment.
0	This router was a immense disapointment.
0	This router was a vast disapointment.
1	speaker phone quality is good, and poping in a 512mb MMC card, it rocks !
1	speaker earphone quality is upright, and poping in a 512mb MMC card, it rocks !
1	speaker phone select is unspoilt, and poping in a 512mb MMC card, it rocks !
1	 Easy to set up , no bad pixels , great price for 19 LCD monitor !
1	 Easy to bent up , no spoilt pixels , great price for 19 LCD monitor !
1	 well-heeled to solidifying up , no bad pixels , great price for 19 LCD monitor !
1	 The device is small and well designed ... I would recomment it highly
1	 The device is belittled and fountainhead designed ... I would recomment it highly
1	 The device is small and good intentional ... I would recomment it highly
1	i did buy the notmad software a week ago and found that a vast improvement . 
1	i did buy the notmad software a hebdomad ago and constitute that a immense improvement . 
1	i did buy the notmad software a week ago and ground that a immense advance . 
1	Perhaps Semantic could work out the efficiency a little, but these reviews are highly exagerated... I would ask what else these people are running on their computers(?)
1	Perhaps Semantic could make out the efficiency a small, but these review are highly exagerated... I would ask what else these multitude are extend on their computers(?)
1	Perhaps Semantic could study out the efficiency a slight, but these revue are highly exagerated... i would ask what else these people are running on their figurer(?)
1	The back of the player is nice too, with water ripples inside the clear white coating.  
1	The back of the player is nice too, with water bubble inside the exonerate white surface.  
1	The backward of the player is overnice too, with water ripples inside the clear-cut white coating.  
0	one more thing , the default ringtones that come with the phone are horrible . 
0	one more thing , the default ringtones that come with the call are atrocious . 
0	unmatched more thing , the default ringtones that come with the ring are horrible . 
0	1-A cell phone is to make CALLS , in other words , quality of reception and mic/speaker are the most important , the 6600 has a relatively low volume speaker , you'd have to press it hard against your ear to hear anything the other person is saying , unless the surroundings were completely quiet .
0	1-A cellphone phone is to pee prognosticate , in other language , caliber of reception and mic/speaker are the most important , the 6600 has a relatively lowly volume speaker , you'd have to conjure it hard against your ear to hear anything the other person is expression , unless the palisade were completely serenity .
0	1-A cubicle phone is to reach foretell , in other news , quality of reception and mic/verbalizer are the most important , the 6600 has a relatively modest volume speaker , you'd have to closet it unvoiced against your ear to hear anything the other person is expression , unless the surroundings were completely placidity .
1	the nomad explorer provide most of the functionality offered by 3rd party programs like notmad . 
1	the nomad explorer ply most of the functionality propose by tertiary party programs like notmad . 
1	the nomad explorer supply most of the functionality volunteer by 3rd company programs like notmad . 
0	i have windows xp pro and when installing the enclosed software i did receive a message that there was a problem installing the driver . 
0	i have Windows xp pro and when install the enfold software i did experience a message that there was a problem installing the driver . 
0	i have windowpane xp pro and when installing the enwrap software i did find a message that there was a problem instal the driver . 
1	it does n't smell like burning plastic when you open the drive . 
1	it does n't smell like burning moldable when you open the ram . 
1	it does n't smell like burning plastic when you unresolved the repulse . 
1	bought the 30gb xtra a couple of weeks ago , and so far it has been excellent . 
1	bought the 30gb xtra a twosome of week ago , and so FAR it has been excellent . 
1	corrupt the 30gb xtra a copulate of weeks ago , and so Interahamwe it has been excellent . 
1	We have never had any problems with anything like loose wipes getting stuck (we always wrap them in the dirty diaper).
1	We have never had any problems with anything like loose wipes convey stuck (we invariably twine them in the filthy diaper).
1	We have never had any problems with anything like unloosen wipes acquiring cohere (we always wrap them in the unsportsmanlike diaper).
0	 My biggest problem with this speaker is the incompatibility with my 2nd generation iPod Nano .
0	 My handsome problem with this talker is the incompatibility with my 2nd propagation iPod Nano .
0	 My magnanimous problem with this verbaliser is the incompatibility with my second generation iPod Nano .
1	the color screen makes this free-after-rebates phone shine bright , and commands are very responsive . 
1	the color screen make this free-after-rebates phone shine lustrous , and commands are very responsive . 
1	the color screen produce this free-after-rebates phone shine bright , and bid are very responsive . 
1	the player looked good right out of the box , offering lots of features and good styling . 
1	the musician looked good right out of the box , offering much of features and dear styling . 
1	the participant looked upright right out of the box , offering sight of features and good styling . 
0	also , for some reason the picture looks washed out on s-video , with lots of color bleeding , compared to a component connection ( should not be much of a perceptible difference on a 27 " tv ). 
0	also , for some rationality the depict calculate washed out on s-video , with set of color bleeding , compared to a factor connection ( should not be much of a perceptible difference on a 27 " television ). 
0	besides , for some reason the picture looks lave out on s-video , with caboodle of color bleeding , compared to a ingredient connectedness ( should not be much of a perceptible difference on a 27 " television ). 
0	door broke after a month . 
0	door relegate after a month . 
0	doorway broke after a month . 
1	Whichever it may be, I'm happy I've made this purchase.  
1	Whichever it May be, I'm happy I've pretend this purchase.  
1	Whichever it May be, I'm happy I've work this purchase.  
1	it has a clear blue light that allows you to see everything on the screen easily . 
1	it has a absolved blue loose that allows you to fancy everything on the screen easily . 
1	it has a exonerate blue light-headed that allows you to hear everything on the screen easily . 
0	 I am disappointed in this product .
0	 I am foiled in this product .
0	 unity am disappointed in this product .
0	his is what I get for my $200 on this MP3 player?  
0	his is what I become for my $cc on this MP3 player?  
0	his is what one nonplus for my $200 on this MP3 player?  
1	The bags attach inside the Champ easily and all one has to do is cram the diaper down and flip the handle.
1	The bags attach inside the Champ easy and all unity has to do is jampack the diaper down and interchange the handle.
1	The bags attach interior the Champ easily and all one has to do is bone the diaper down and riffle the manage.
1	c. i do love audio sync which allows a one-click synchronization between the player and the music collection on the computer . 
1	c. i do hump audio synchronise which allows a one-click synchronization between the player and the euphony solicitation on the computer . 
1	snow. i do bang sound sync which appropriate a one-click synchronization between the player and the music collection on the computer . 
0	 Have the latest firmware but as many others have described , the router will randomly stop working for 5 minutes then work again .
0	 Have the modish firmware but as many others have distinguish , the router will randomly halt working for 5 minutes then forge again .
0	 experience the latest firmware but as many others have described , the router will randomly stop cultivate for quintuplet minutes then knead again .
0	 Someday , your going to need support , and Acer 's technical support department is the next to worthless .
0	 Someday , your going to need stand , and Acer 's technical living department is the succeeding to worthless .
0	 Someday , your run to need livelihood , and Acer 's technical livelihood department is the next to worthless .
0	pc cable is too expensive ... $ 50 for a usb cable ? 
0	pc cablegram is too expensive ... $ 50 for a usb cablegram ? 
0	pc line is too expensive ... $ L for a usb cable ? 
0	so, right out of the box i had issue.
0	so, aright out of the box i had issue.
0	so, right out of the box i had result.
0	the songs do n't play one after another like on a cd . 
0	the birdcall do n't romp one after another like on a cd . 
0	the songs do n't fiddle unrivaled after another like on a cd . 
1	 The D-Link DIR-655 Extreme N Wireless Router works fine as a 802.11 n wireless router .
1	 The D-Link DIR-655 utmost N Wireless Router make fine as a 802.11 n radio router .
1	 The D-Link DIR-655 utmost newton Wireless Router works fine as a 802.11 nitrogen wireless router .
1	 It 's very light-weight , which is why I use this more than my Alienware .
1	 IT 's very light-weight , which is why I role this more than my Alienware .
1	 It 's very light-weight , which is why iodin utilise this more than my Alienware .
0	Although I disabled Norton AntiSpam, it is still there.
0	Although I disabled Norton AntiSpam, it is distillery there.
0	Although I disabled Norton AntiSpam, it is lull there.
1	For the money, I'm not sure you can do better.
1	For the money, I'm not surely you can do intimately.
1	For the money, I'm not surely you can do ripe.
0	 Its annoying when you pay $ 100 + for a router and it does n't work as it is supposed straight out of the box !
0	 Its irritate when you salary $ 100 + for a router and it does n't operate as it is suppose straight out of the box !
0	 Its pestering when you pay $ 100 + for a router and it does n't wreak as it is suppositious heterosexual out of the box !
1	it is a great phone , if you are traveling all over the world , packed with wonderful features . 
1	it is a great phone , if you are go all over the world , jam with tremendous features . 
1	it is a peachy ring , if you are traveling all over the world , compact with wonderful features . 
0	unlike my 3 other mp3 players , this thing will only work properly if you have id3 tags on all of your tracks . 
0	unlike my 3 other mp3 players , this affair will only operate right if you have id3 tail on all of your tracks . 
0	unlike my three other mp3 players , this affair will only lick properly if you have id3 tags on all of your tag . 
0	Now the bad:  1) As usual, battery power not sufficient for daily usuage.
0	Now the bad:  1) As usual, barrage ability not sufficient for daily usuage.
0	Now the bad:  one) As usual, battery ability not sufficient for daily usuage.
0	 Cons: No AM/FM Radio Tuner-- Something a large number of competetors are doing
0	 Cons: No live/FM Radio Tuner-- Something a large routine of competetors are doing
0	 inmate: No live/FM Radio Tuner-- Something a large number of competetors are doing
0	also , the carrying case that came with mine covers up the display , so even though the side controls are reachable , i have to open it up to see the display . 
0	also , the carrying case that follow with mine deal up the presentation , so even though the face controls are reachable , i have to exposed it up to assure the display . 
0	also , the deport cause that came with mine treat up the display , so even though the side mastery are reachable , i have to outdoors it up to figure the display . 
0	 USB Network storage - `` supposedly '' it 's slow .
0	 USB Network entrepot - `` supposedly '' it 's slow .
0	 USB Network storage - `` supposedly '' it 's dull .
0	T610 supports only midi files.
0	T610 accompaniment only midi files.
0	T610 documentation only midi files.
0	then my dvds would stop playing in the middle , or not even be read at all . 
0	then my dvds would break spiel in the midway , or not even be read at all . 
0	then my dvds would stoppage wreak in the midriff , or not even be read at all . 
0	I downloaded this set from Norton, and within minutes my Internet connection failed and my PC was almost dead due to registry problems from the download.
0	I downloaded this rig from Norton, and within bit my Internet connection failed and my PC was nearly abruptly due to registry problem from the download.
0	ane downloaded this coiffure from Norton, and within transactions my Internet connection go and my PC was almost bushed due to registry problems from the download.
0	So, DON'T buy this or upgrade.
0	So, DON'T corrupt this or upgrade.
0	So, DON'T purchase this or upgrade.
0	This isn't uncommon in cameras, though, just as long as you bring your charger and spare batteries, you should be fine.
0	This isn't rare in camera, though, just as long as you institute your charger and spare battery, you should be fine.
0	This isn't uncommon in cameras, though, just as tenacious as you work your charger and redundant batteries, you should be delicately.
1	i just purchased this phone and i think this is the coolest phone i ever had . 
1	i just purchased this sound and i recall this is the coolest telephone i ever had . 
1	i just purchased this sound and i reckon this is the coolest sound i ever had . 
0	 BATTERY: Compared to the other players on the market, the iPod has one of the worst batteries around.
0	 BATTERY: Compared to the other players on the market, the iPod has I of the regretful batteries about.
0	 BATTERY: Compared to the other players on the market, the iPod has unity of the worst battery roughly.
0	Anyhow some demerits of this phone, The phone has a slow processor and the ear volume is lower than 6610 but then the 6610 has the best ear volume among most Nokia variants.
0	Anyhow some demerits of this phone, The phone has a tardily processor and the ear mass is downcast than 6610 but then the 6610 has the unspoiled ear mass among most Nokia form.
0	Anyhow some demerits of this sound, The headphone has a wearisome processor and the ear mass is low than 6610 but then the 6610 has the dear ear volume among most Nokia variants.
0	It would work fine for a while then as the motor warmed up it would die.
0	It would crop ticket for a while then as the motor warmed up it would pass.
0	It would function exquisitely for a while then as the motor warmed up it would break.
1	The handles make it very comfortable to use and I experience little vibration.
1	The address induce it very comfortable to use and I experience little vibration.
1	The handles make it very comfy to use and iodine experience little vibration.
0	 Slow to download and run certain programs Wish you the best and hope my review helped !
0	 dense to download and endure certain syllabus Wish you the best and hope my review helped !
0	 dense to download and lead certain programs Wish you the substantially and hope my review helped !
0	 I started accessing and transfering files to find it to be extremely SLOW .
0	 I commence accessing and change files to find it to be extremely SLOW .
0	 I started accessing and shift files to retrieve it to be extremely SLOW .
1	 For the cost of this product i could not ask for more .
1	 For the cost of this production i could not inquire for more .
1	 For the toll of this product i could not demand for more .
1	While the perfect ordor free diaper pail has yet to be invented, the Diaper Champ is a good as it gets.
1	While the perfect ordor costless diaper pail has yet to be invented, the Diaper champ is a honorable as it experience.
1	While the perfect ordor gratis diaper pail has even to be invented, the Diaper Champ is a unspoiled as it suffer.
1	 I have this monitor for a month now and I 'm very pleased with it .
1	 iodine have this admonisher for a month now and single 'm very pleased with it .
1	 iodine have this proctor for a month now and ace 'm very pleased with it .
1	This camera is perfect for the person who wants a compact camera that produces excellent photos in just about any situation. 
1	This camera is double-dyed for the person who wishing a thick camera that acquire excellent photos in just about any situation. 
1	This camera is thoroughgoing for the person who wants a concordat camera that make excellent photos in just about any post. 
0	 The only negative thing about this was the instructions for adjusting the display were not very clear and it took a little time to figure out how to do it .
0	 The only minus thing about this was the didactics for adjusting the display were not very crystalize and it drive a little meter to cipher out how to do it .
0	 The only negative thing about this was the instructions for conform the display were not very light and it postulate a short clip to fancy out how to do it .
1	I think it's great.
1	I mean it's great.
1	I think it's capital.
1	The Champ did not start letting a little odor through until well over a year.
1	The Champ did not commence get a little odor through until well over a yr.
1	The Champ did not start rental a picayune odor through until comfortably over a year.
0	2 . it takes a while for the camera to actually capture the photograph from the time you click the button and i have seen people becoming a little impatient waiting for the flash to glow . 
0	2 . it adopt a while for the camera to actually bewitch the photograph from the time you chink the clit and i have ensure people becoming a little impatient waiting for the flashing to freshness . 
0	2 . it issue a while for the camera to actually charm the photograph from the time you flick the button and i have attend people becoming a little impatient look for the trice to radiate . 
1	It works great.
1	It influence great.
1	It works cracking.
1	i use it primarily in the provided protective case although i have dropped it about 3 feet from my desk ( by accident ) as well as have played it outdoors in - 30 fahrenheit weather ( by design ) and it has continued to work fine . 
1	i consumption it primarily in the provided protective showcase although i have expend it about deuce-ace feet from my desk ( by fortuity ) as advantageously as have played it outdoors in - 30 fahrenheit weather ( by intent ) and it has continued to workplace fine . 
1	i employ it primarily in the provided protective showcase although i have expend it about iii substructure from my desk ( by accident ) as well as have wager it outdoors in - 30 fahrenheit weather ( by design ) and it has continued to lick amercement . 
1	the phone also sports an image gallery ( with option camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock with snooze , fm radio ( way cool , even if it is just through an ear-peice ) , games , java applications and gprs high-speed internet connection . 
1	the phone also summercater an project gallery ( with selection camera attachment ) , a calendar / arranger , alarm clock with snooze , fm radio ( path cool , eve if it is just through an ear-peice ) , plot , java applications and gprs high-speed internet connection . 
1	the telephone also mutation an image gallery ( with pick camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock with drowse , fm radio ( way cool , even if it is just through an ear-peice ) , biz , java covering and gprs high-speed internet connector . 
0	after @ 3 months , it stoppped playing higher number scenes on dvds . 
0	after @ 3 months , it stoppped playacting mellow number scenes on dvds . 
0	after @ 3 months , it stoppped toy gamey number scenes on dvds . 
1	 The contrast , crispness , and readability from even the most extreme viewing angles ca n't be beat .
1	 The contrast , crispness , and readability from eventide the most extreme viewing angles CA n't be stick .
1	 The contrast , crispness , and readability from regular the most extreme watch angles CA n't be beat .
0	Even on the LOW sensitivy level, a slight touch can skip or pause the track.  
0	Even on the LOW sensitivy level, a slight match can skim or pause the racecourse.  
0	Even on the dispirited sensitivy level, a slight touch can skip or interruption the traverse.  
1	Diaper Champ is by far the best diaper pail!
1	Diaper Champ is by far the advantageously diaper pail!
1	Diaper Champ is by far the right diaper pail!
0	after scouring the various boards i find this is an arbitrary and pervasive problem.
0	after purge the various boards i retrieve this is an arbitrary and pervasive problem.
0	after scour the various boards i determine this is an arbitrary and pervasive problem.
1	 The set-up is goof-proof , and offers a superior result .
1	 The set-up is goof-proof , and offers a ranking result .
1	 The set-up is goof-proof , and offers a superior termination .
1	These tasks are faster and easier than in prior versions, and I found the menu to be much more navigable.
1	These tasks are flying and loose than in prior versions, and unity ascertain the menu to be much more navigable.
1	These tax are quicker and easier than in prior adaptation, and I encounter the menu to be much more navigable.
0	 There is no speaker grill to offer any protection to the driver .
0	 There is no speaker grill to volunteer any shelter to the driver .
0	 There is no verbaliser grill to offer any tribute to the driver .
1	DEPENDABILITY: I've seen no glitches.
1	DEPENDABILITY: I've discover no glitches.
1	DEPENDABILITY: I've understand no glitches.
0	this thing is trash . 
0	this thing is deoxyephedrine . 
0	this thing is scrap . 
1	very simple to use . 
1	very simple to enjoyment . 
1	very simple to utilisation . 
0	With the PlungeLIFT all my bit changing has been done above the table, although I still have to reach below the table to operate the spindle lock (and, of course, the speed and ON/OFF controls).
0	With the PlungeLIFT all my chip exchange has been done above the table, although ace still have to reach below the remit to run the spindle mesh (and, of course, the hotfoot and ON/OFF controls).
0	With the PlungeLIFT all my snatch changing has been done above the table, although I smooth have to pass below the table to control the spindle lock (and, of course, the hurry and ON/dispatch verify).
1	I love how small the thing is, and the blue glow - I've had it for two weeks with no electronic problems at all.  
1	1 know how small the thing is, and the bluish glowing - I've had it for two weeks with no electronic problems at all.  
1	I bed how minor the thing is, and the low glow - I've had it for two workweek with no electronic problems at all.  
1	the g3 looks like a work of art ! 
1	the g3 front like a work of art ! 
1	the g3 looks like a shape of art ! 
1	Bottom line is that at $160, this is an absolute steal.
1	fathom blood is that at $160, this is an absolute steal.
1	tail line is that at $160, this is an downright steal.
1	seems to read most dvds fine , and reads quietly ( i had a pioneer player that had fairly loud disc spin noise ) . 
1	look to learn most dvds okay , and reads quietly ( i had a pioneer player that had passably loud disc spin noise ) . 
1	seems to read most dvds fine , and reads quietly ( i had a pioneer player that had somewhat flashy disc twirl stochasticity ) . 
0	the remote is flimsy-feeling and awkward to use . 
0	the remote is flimsy-feeling and awkward to consumption . 
0	the remote is flimsy-feeling and ungainly to use . 
0	when talking the voice is not very clear . 
0	when talking the phonation is not very clear . 
0	when talking the voice is not very assoil . 
0	OPERATION: It's like BMW's I-Drive - It does it's job, but has the most unintuitive, overly-layered interface.
0	operation: It's care BMW's I-Drive - It does it's speculate, but has the most unintuitive, overly-layered interface.
0	performance: It's same BMW's I-Drive - It does it's subcontract, but has the most unintuitive, overly-layered interface.
1	I had a Casio unit, which had given great service, and would have been happy to get another one, but was tempted by the iPod's sleek design, storage capacity, connection options- - firewire and USB, and its integration with iTunes.   
1	I had a Casio unit, which had tending groovy help, and would have been happy to mother another ace, but was tempted by the iPod's silky design, storage capacity, link options- - firewire and USB, and its integration with iTunes.   
1	single had a Casio unit, which had hold great service, and would have been happy to sire another one, but was tempt by the iPod's sleek invention, storage capability, connection options- - firewire and USB, and its desegregation with iTunes.   
0	but for now it appears that this player does n't play well with itunes . 
0	but for now it appears that this actor does n't swordplay well with itunes . 
0	but for now it appears that this participant does n't shimmer well with itunes . 
1	if you haven't noticed, they designed it so that you can also take vertical pictures when you do the self-timer. 
1	if you haven't detect, they contrive it so that you can also proceeds vertical exposure when you do the self-timer. 
1	if you haven't mark, they contrive it so that you can also contain vertical impression when you do the self-timer. 
1	It has raised the bar owing to number of features it offers and the absolute ease of use delight.
1	It has erect the relegate owing to number of features it offers and the absolute ease of use please.
1	It has recruit the bar owing to number of features it offers and the absolute ease of utilisation delectation.
0	do not buy this product -- 
0	do not bargain this product -- 
0	do not purchase this product -- 
0	have tried to contact apex via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the e-mail address is not valid . 
0	have attempt to contact apex via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the netmail call is not valid . 
0	have time-tested to contact apex via email ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the e-mail deal is not valid . 
1	big lcd screen - at least for me, 2" is enough
1	bounteous lcd screen - at least for me, two" is enough
1	crowing lcd screen - at least for me, two" is enough
0	what the g3 raw image software gives you is a fantasy world designed to please the uncritical . 
0	what the g3 raw see software give you is a fantasy domain designed to please the uncritical . 
0	what the g3 sensitive simulacrum software gives you is a fantasy Earth designed to please the uncritical . 
0	I find that if you remove the springs it is much easier to adjust and will not stick much.
0	I receive that if you hit the springs it is much easier to set and will not stick much.
0	I see that if you withdraw the springs it is much soft to adjust and will not stick much.
0	what disappointed me is the fact that it does not seem to read certain dvds . 
0	what defeated me is the fact that it does not look to scan certain dvds . 
0	what foiled me is the fact that it does not seem to scan certain videodisk . 
1	it surpasses my greatest expectations in a 4mp camera .. 
1	it surpasses my gravid expectations in a 4mp camera .. 
1	it surpasses my smashing expectations in a 4mp camera .. 
0	the headphone jack seems to be a major problem . 
0	the headphone jacklight seems to be a major problem . 
0	the headphone seaman seems to be a major problem . 
0	the first one would n't work from the start . 
0	the first one would n't exploit from the start . 
0	the first one would n't work from the initiate . 
0	Next, the big reason not to buy ANY Norton product:  If there's a problem with it, Norton charges $30 to even tell them about it.
0	Next, the openhanded reason not to buy whatsoever Norton ware:  If there's a problem with it, Norton excite $30 to level tell them about it.
0	Next, the vauntingly cause not to buy ANY Norton product:  If there's a job with it, Norton mission $30 to level tell them about it.
1	naturally i did quite a bit of review before purchasing ( i recomend www.nomadness.net ) , and price-wise zens are unbeatable . 
1	course i did rather a morsel of review before purchasing ( i recomend www.nomadness.net ) , and price-wise zens are unvanquishable . 
1	naturally i did quite a moment of inspection before purchasing ( i recomend www.nomadness.mesh ) , and price-wise superman are unbeatable . 
1	i brought it for my sister in college and she loves it ! 
1	i brought it for my sis in college and she fuck it ! 
1	i work it for my sister in college and she know it ! 
0	The flaw is in the circuit board that the headphone jack is connected to. 
0	The flaw is in the circuit board that the earpiece jackass is connected to. 
0	The flaw is in the circuit panel that the headphone jack is relate to. 
0	sure , it 's a little bigger than the ipod , but not by much . 
0	sure , it 's a little vainglorious than the ipod , but not by often . 
0	surely , it 's a little great than the ipod , but not by much . 
0	regarding pc software support nokia suite does not work with some versions of xp as i tried to connect my phone via infrared port on my laptop . 
0	regarding pc software accompaniment nokia suite does not go with some rendering of xp as i tried to associate my phone via infrared porthole on my laptop . 
0	regarding pc software substantiate nokia retinue does not employment with some variation of xp as i tried to unite my phone via infrared port on my laptop . 
0	as a portable player , it should feel a bit more durable . 
0	as a portable player , it should experience a bit more long-wearing . 
0	as a portable player , it should smell a minute more durable . 
0	what a junk . 
0	what a detritus . 
0	what a rubble . 
0	It is hot enough to be annoying.
0	IT is hot enough to be annoying.
0	It is hot enough to be annoy.
1	In short, the Nokia 6600 is an evolution but not a revolution.
1	In myopic, the Nokia 6600 is an evolution but not a gyration.
1	In unawares, the Nokia 6600 is an evolution but not a rotation.
1	3. The Nokia 6600 has a brilliant Java interface.
1	3. The Nokia 6600 has a brilliant Java port.
1	3. The Nokia 6600 has a superb Java interface.
1	the price compared to the ipod is great . 
1	the price compared to the ipod is cracking . 
1	the price compared to the ipod is swell . 
0	The only reason for not giving it 5 stars: the claimed battery life of 12 hours is very optimistic - possible maybe if you really sit down and listen continuously for 12 hours without ever touching the player, but in real life I can probably get 6-8 hours at most. 
0	The only reason for not afford it quintuplet stars: the claimed battery life of 12 hours is very optimistic - possible maybe if you really posture down and listen ceaselessly for 12 hours without ever affect the player, but in real animation ace can likely produce 6-8 hours at most. 
0	The only reason for not render it Phoebe stars: the claimed barrage life of 12 hours is very optimistic - possible maybe if you really sit down and mind continuously for 12 hours without ever affect the histrion, but in rattling sprightliness I can probably stick 6-8 hours at most. 
1	You don't need to cough up an extra couple bucks for a "special edition" to get black! - Sound: Awesome! - Batteries: removable/replaceable. 
1	You don't motive to cough up an extra couple bucks for a "special edition" to vex bleak! - good: Awesome! - Batteries: removable/replaceable. 
1	You don't need to cough up an surplus couple bucks for a "special edition" to get Black! - go: Awesome! - bombardment: removable/replaceable. 
1	I noticed that the micro adjustment knob and collet are well made and work well too.
1	ace detect that the micro adjustment knob and collet are well made and process well too.
1	one noticed that the micro adjustment knob and collet are well get and make well too.
1	Overall, the Micro is a solid device and I haven't fell into a problem with it yet *knocks on wood*. 
1	Overall, the Micro is a solid twist and I haven't light into a problem with it nevertheless *bash on wood*. 
1	overall, the Micro is a upstanding device and I haven't vanish into a problem with it withal *knocks on wood*. 
0	getting the program to install properly has been a living hell experience . 
0	acquire the program to install properly has been a living Hades experience . 
0	fix the program to install properly has been a endure hell experience . 
1	The total price with delivery (free shipping ) was $135 !
1	The total price with delivery (exempt shipping ) was $135 !
1	The total price with delivery (free transportation ) was $135 !
1	 I can see a drastic difference between this monitor and Dell Ultrasharp in terms of contrast , brightness and viewing angles .
1	 I can project a drastic departure between this reminder and Dell Ultrasharp in terms of contrast , brightness and viewing slant .
1	 ace can envision a drastic difference between this monitor and Dell Ultrasharp in terms of contrast , brightness and catch fish .
1	i would recommend this product to anyone . 
1	i would recommend this production to anyone . 
1	i would urge this product to anyone . 
0	There will be much erasing of text as, one would tend to type something instead of the actual letters.
0	There will be much erasing of text as, unmatchable would incline to typewrite something instead of the actual letters.
0	There will be practically erase of text as, one would lean to type something instead of the actual letters.
1	i 'm very pleased with my zx so here 's a quick review . 
1	i 'm very pleased with my zx so here 's a agile reexamine . 
1	i 'm very pleased with my zx so here 's a flying reexamination . 
0	both of the problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , while the counter on the player kept going . 
0	both of the problem DVD 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , while the foresee on the player kept passing . 
0	both of the problem dvd 's would repeatedly frost during playback , while the counterpunch on the player kept function . 
0	software - music match jukebox is n't the greatest , the search funtion is n't fast even when accessing it with the hotkey shortcut . 
0	software - medicine equalize jukebox is n't the greatest , the search funtion is n't fasting flush when accessing it with the hotkey shortcut . 
0	software - music compeer jukebox is n't the slap-up , the search funtion is n't fasting yet when accessing it with the hotkey shortcut . 
1	so once i worked out the problem with the software this mp3 player is worth the money it cost . 
1	so once i ferment out the problem with the software this mp3 player is Worth the money it toll . 
1	so once i forge out the problem with the software this mp3 participant is deserving the money it cost . 
1	the canon g3 gives tons of control for photo buffs but still has an " auto " mode that makes it very easy for the novice to use . 
1	the canon g3 gives oodles of control for photo buffer but still has an " auto " mood that produce it very easy for the novice to expend . 
1	the canon g3 make tons of control for photo buffs but stillness has an " auto " mode that cause it very soft for the novice to role . 
1	It is easy to install and change the ordinary trash bags, easy to clean, and most important, easy to use one handed - just insert folded dirty diaper and flip the handle.
1	It is loose to install and change the ordinary trash handbag, easy to clean, and most important, tardily to expend nonpareil handed - just insert folded dirty diaper and twitch the handle.
1	It is promiscuous to install and change the ordinary trash udder, easy to clean, and most important, easy to use ane handed - just tuck folded dirty diaper and flick the cover.
1	feels solid in hand . 
1	feeling solid in hand . 
1	palpate solid in hand . 
1	but , it seems to work so well now , that i do n't anticipate any problems with it . 
1	but , it look to mould so well now , that i do n't prognosticate any problems with it . 
1	but , it seems to exploit so fountainhead now , that i do n't previse any problems with it . 
1	- Replaceable battery. 
1	- Replaceable barrage. 
1	- Replaceable shelling. 
0	 Maybe some of you do n't have this problem , but I know of over 20 cases of buzzing from this monitor .
0	 perchance some of you do n't have this problem , but unity cognise of over 20 cases of buzzing from this admonisher .
0	 perhaps some of you do n't have this problem , but single love of over 20 cases of bombinate from this monitor .
0	2 ) music organization is based on id3 ( by genre , artist , album , etc. ) and this can be a problem for older downloaded music files with missing or incorrect id3 information . 
0	2 ) music organisation is free-base on id3 ( by genre , artist , album , etc. ) and this can be a problem for aged downloaded medicine files with omit or incorrect id3 information . 
0	2 ) music organization is based on id3 ( by genre , artist , album , etc. ) and this can be a job for honest-to-goodness download music files with lose or incorrect id3 info . 
1	 It 's just such a nice , light-weight , non-intrusive device which you can take anywhere .
1	 It 's just such a prissy , light-weight , non-intrusive device which you can aim anywhere .
1	 It 's just such a skillful , light-weight , non-intrusive device which you can demand anywhere .
0	It was impossible to change the speed with just my fingers.
0	It was impossible to switch the upper with just my fingers.
0	It was insufferable to change the rush with just my fingers.
1	 The speakers are pretty small , so they wo n't take up a lot of space , but they play as loud as you want them to , and they have great quality .
1	 The speakers are pretty minuscule , so they wo n't ask up a lot of place , but they fiddle as loud as you lack them to , and they have nifty quality .
1	 The speakers are pretty small , so they wo n't claim up a administer of infinite , but they spiel as cheap as you want them to , and they have great tone .
1	I have no problem using iTunes with the Zen Micro (in a makeshift sorta way).   
1	ace have no problem victimization iTunes with the battery-acid Micro (in a makeshift sorta way).   
1	ane have no trouble using iTunes with the Zen Micro (in a makeshift sorta manner).   
1	 The speakers have a very rich sound and good bass also , obviously not thumping bass for which you would need a huge subwoofer !!
1	 The speakers have a very rich legal and upright bass also , apparently not thud bass for which you would need a huge subwoofer !!
1	 The speakers have a very rich voice and full basso also , obviously not humongous bass for which you would need a huge subwoofer !!
0	 Or maybe Netgear so screwed up the firmware for this device that it does n't know what to do .
0	 Or perhaps Netgear so bang up the firmware for this device that it does n't experience what to do .
0	 Oregon maybe Netgear so eff up the firmware for this device that it does n't bed what to do .
1	 This unit comes with the USB/firewire cable as a standard item now. 
1	 This unit derive with the USB/firewire cable as a standard token now. 
1	 This unit occur with the USB/firewire telegraph as a standard item now. 
0	Luckily the soft start helped before it took the wood and tossed it or worse case, a finger.
0	Luckily the soft commence serve before it need the wood and tossed it or worse case, a finger.
0	Luckily the soft scratch helped before it make the wood and tossed it or worse event, a finger.
0	I then realized a major design flaw.
0	I then realised a major design flaw.
0	I then realized a major design defect.
1	 I exchanged this from an LG that I bought for nearly twice as much and the colors on the LG were not at all as nice as this .
1	 ace exchanged this from an LG that I corrupt for nearly doubly as often and the discolor on the LG were not at all as nice as this .
1	 iodine exchanged this from an LG that ace bought for near twice as much and the colouration on the LG were not at all as courteous as this .
1	 Very tight joints , excellent black finish , and precise speaker wire hook-ups .
1	 Very tight joints , first-class black polish , and precise speaker wire hook-ups .
1	 very tight articulation , excellent black finish , and precise speaker wire hook-ups .
0	I would give it about 6 or 7 hours, although it will probably get better after a few charge cycles.  
0	I would hand it about 6 or 7 hr, although it will likely get better after a few bill cycles.  
0	I would hold it about hexad or 7 hours, although it will probably get skilful after a few charge hertz.  
1	i had no problems following their installation instructions . 
1	i had no problems following their instalment instructions . 
1	i had no problems pursuit their installation instructions . 
1	i am absolutely in awe of this camera , canon put enormous quality into the g3 . 
1	i am dead in awe of this camera , canon commit enormous timbre into the g3 . 
1	i am utterly in awe of this camera , canon cast enormous timber into the g3 . 
0	I tried disabling the various components provided with this product, paring it all the way back to anti-virus only service... and saw no improvement.
0	I tried incapacitating the various components ply with this product, paring it all the way hinder to anti-virus only service... and visualise no improvement.
0	ace tried disabling the various components provided with this product, paring it all the way backbone to anti-virus only overhaul... and reckon no improvement.
0	There is absolutely nothing useful at the Symantec/Norton site.
0	thither is absolutely nil useful at the Symantec/Norton site.
0	thither is absolutely nothing useful at the Symantec/Norton website.
0	We bought this about 6 months ago and it's been worthless.  
0	We bought this about VI months ago and it's been unworthy.  
0	We bought this about sixer months ago and it's been ugly.  
1	The handsfree provided by the phone is useful for those who talk on the phone while driving.
1	The handsfree provided by the earpiece is useful for those who talk on the ring while repel.
1	The handsfree provided by the phone is useful for those who spill on the call while push.
0	the player 's mechanics are also flawed . 
0	the participant 's mechanics are also flawed . 
0	the player 's mechanics are besides flawed . 
1	 They are very sturdy , and have no trouble balance wise , or handling oddly shaped speakers .
1	 They are very sturdy , and have no trouble residue wise , or manipulation oddly form speakers .
1	 They are very tough , and have no trouble Balance knowing , or handling oddly shaped speakers .
0	because of this , i am disappointed and would not recommend this product . 
0	because of this , i am discomfited and would not recommend this production . 
0	because of this , i am foiled and would not advocate this product . 
0	seemed like a good deal , but this pos frequently cannot recognize dvds and music cds -- takes a long time loading and then concludes , " no disc " . 
0	appear like a salutary deal , but this pos frequently cannot acknowledge dvds and music cds -- takes a hanker time burden and then concludes , " no disc " . 
0	seemed like a salutary deal , but this pos frequently cannot recognize dvds and music CD -- involve a farsighted sentence loading and then concludes , " no disc " . 
0	 However , some of the latest bandwidth hogging software was starting to bog it down , to the point where I was having to reset it and my computer far too often in order to reclaim a dropped Internet connection .
0	 However , some of the later bandwidth hogging software was startle to bog it down , to the pointedness where iodine was having to reset it and my figurer far too often in regularize to reclaim a spend Internet connection .
0	 however , some of the late bandwidth hogging software was part to bog it down , to the stage where I was having to reset it and my computer far too often in edict to repossess a expend Internet connection .
1	What an upgrade!!!
1	What an ascent!!!
1	What an promote!!!
1	overall this is the best phone i have ever owned . 
1	overall this is the intimately phone i have ever possess . 
1	overall this is the scoop phone i have e'er owned . 
0	the 2nd dvd player had a faulty power supply which caused to occasionally not turn on . 
0	the 2d dvd player had a faulty power provision which caused to occasionally not sprain on . 
0	the 2nd videodisc player had a faulty force supply which caused to occasionally not spell on . 
1	anyway , this player is a great deal and i really love it . 
1	anyway , this player is a cracking deal and i really screw it . 
1	anyway , this player is a gravid contend and i really love it . 
0	the only thing missing is an option to adjust the balance . 
0	the only thing pretermit is an option to adjust the equilibrium . 
0	the only thing pretermit is an option to set the balance . 
1	it 's light weight enough to take with you everywhere , but powerful enough to get outstanding pix . 
1	it 's igniter weight enough to occupy with you everywhere , but powerful enough to gravel outstanding pix . 
1	it 's lightly weight enough to deal with you everywhere , but powerful enough to fix outstanding pix . 
1	So for the money it costs for one of those top-of-the-line models I've got a good router & a nice table to put it in & I like that.
1	So for the money it toll for one of those top-of-the-line manakin I've come a goodness router & a nice table to redact it in & I like that.
1	thus for the money it costs for one of those top-of-the-line mold I've suffer a dependable router & a nice table to position it in & I like that.
1	But it; you won't regret it.     
1	But it; you won't ruefulness it.     
1	but it; you won't regret it.     
1	 These were only my first week impressions but , until now , I strongly recommend this product and I 'm very satisfied with it .
1	 These were only my first hebdomad picture but , until now , I strongly recommend this product and iodine 'm very slaked with it .
1	 These were only my foremost week feeling but , until now , iodine strongly recommend this ware and I 'm very satisfied with it .
0	This is due to the unusually slow autofocus system.
0	This is due to the remarkably slow autofocus system.
0	This is due to the unusually irksome autofocus system.
0	software - the software is crap . 
0	software - the software is dogshit . 
0	software - the software is shit . 
0	imagine my shock - and absolute instant disdain for any products made by apex . 
0	imagine my appall - and absolute minute disdain for any products made by apex . 
0	imagine my shock - and absolute wink disdain for any products build by apex . 
0	Im at full capacity!!!! I called Symantic and they said they don't know why but I should get Tech's Support at $35/hr to help!! I did call them and was on hold for 55 minutes untill I hung up!
0	Im at full capacity!!!! I hollo Symantic and they said they don't know why but i should grow Tech's subscribe at $35/hr to help!! one did foretell them and was on oblige for 55 minutes untill I hang up!
0	Im at full capacity!!!! I ring Symantic and they aforementioned they don't know why but iodin should go Tech's Support at $35/hr to help!! I did holler them and was on retain for fifty-five minutes untill I hang up!
0	The box included a little polyester, pull-string BAG, (yes, you read right a BAG, something a boy would carry ten marbles in) and tries to pass it off as the case. 
0	The box included a little polyester, pull-string dish, (yes, you read proper a base, something a boy would carry ten-spot marbles in) and try to egest it off as the case. 
0	The box included a little polyester, pull-string grip, (yes, you interpret veracious a pocketbook, something a boy would hold ten marbles in) and attempt to pass it off as the case. 
1	I take a lot of pictures and this camera is my first choice. 
1	I shoot a muckle of pictures and this camera is my first choice. 
1	ace take a distribute of pictures and this camera is my first choice. 
1	Also, I am quite partial to the Creative MediaSource Organizer and Player software, which I had with Audigy ZS sound card originally; it is definitely an added plus.  
1	besides, I am quite partial to the creative MediaSource Organizer and Player software, which I had with Audigy zed vocalize card originally; it is definitely an supply plus.  
1	likewise, I am quite partial to the Creative MediaSource Organizer and Player software, which I had with Audigy z effectual notice originally; it is definitely an added summation.  
0	1 ) quite bulky ( it 's about the same size as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and uses a heavy battery , although not very solid as it is contructed mostly of plastic ( unlike canon 's elph line ) 
0	i ) rather bulky ( it 's about the same size as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and consumption a gruelling barrage , although not very solid as it is contructed mostly of plastic ( different canon 's elph contrast ) 
0	single ) quite bulky ( it 's about the same size as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and enjoyment a profound battery , although not very solidness as it is contructed generally of plastic ( unlike canyon 's elph crinkle ) 
1	The package also comes with a USB cable, an AC adapter, a pair of headphones (they're okay until you get a better pair), a stand, and a microfiber pouch to carry your Zen Touch in.  
1	The package besides arrive with a USB cable, an AC adapter, a pair of headphones (they're okay until you draw a better twin), a stand, and a microfiber pouch to convey your Elvis allude in.  
1	The package likewise comes with a USB cable, an AC arranger, a distich of headphones (they're okay until you fix a improve pair), a stand, and a microfiber pouch to expect your Zen ghost in.  
1	this is my first digital camera and i could n't be happier . 
1	this is my showtime digital camera and i could n't be glad . 
1	this is my world-class digital camera and i could n't be glad . 
1	the screen is bright and ring tones are unlimited . 
1	the screen is bright and pack tones are unlimited . 
1	the screen is bright and resound tones are unlimited . 
0	 There is one very annoying problem with this model though : the keyboard is `` sticky '' - meaning , despite this tablet is brand new and just arrived , when I press and release a key on the keyboard it acts as if I kept it pressed , continuing to type the same character again and again .
0	 There is 1 very rile problem with this example though : the keyboard is `` gluey '' - meaning , despite this tablet is trademark unexampled and just arrived , when I press and liberation a keystone on the keyboard it acts as if I kept it agitate , continuing to type the same lineament again and again .
0	 There is one very pestiferous problem with this model though : the keyboard is `` pasty '' - think , despite this tablet is brand new and just arrived , when I beseech and unfreeze a cardinal on the keyboard it turn as if I sustain it constrict , continuing to typewrite the same character again and again .
0	 Second gripe : In the 6 or so months since we purchased our batch of 30-40 of these monitors , 2 have already been returned for repair or replacement .
0	 Second gripe : In the six or so months since we purchased our sight of 30-40 of these monitors , 2 have already been generate for resort or surrogate .
0	 Second kick : In the 6 or so month since we purchase our clutch of 30-40 of these monitors , 2 have already been returned for repair or renewal .
1	I have really enjoyed the camera on this phone.
1	I have really enjoy the camera on this phone.
1	unity have really enjoyed the camera on this phone.
1	 For the price of theese speakers the sound that comes out is unbelievable .
1	 For the price of theese Speaker the effectual that comes out is unbelievable .
1	 For the price of theese verbaliser the healthy that comes out is unbelievable .
0	also , i can 't understand why the software does not ignore " the " when it lists the cds in alphabetical order . 
0	also , i can 't empathise why the software does not ignore " the " when it inclination the cadmium in alphabetical rank . 
0	also , i can 't sympathize why the software does not ignore " the " when it lean the CD in alphabetical rescript . 
1	the apex 2600 has been a steady performer for me . 
1	the vertex 2600 has been a sweetheart performer for me . 
1	the vertex 2600 has been a unfluctuating performer for me . 
0	 I usually avoid horns but I do n't hear anything overly extreme .
0	 I usually avoid horns but single do n't hear anything overly extremum .
0	 I usually avoid tusk but I do n't hear anything too extreme .
1	This phone is fantastic.
1	This earphone is fantastic.
1	This ring is fantastic.
0	the other thing i do n't like about this 2600 is that it makes the color look over saturated . 
0	the other thing i do n't like about this 2600 is that it create the discolour seem over saturated . 
0	the other thing i do n't like about this 2600 is that it stimulate the discolor seem over saturated . 
0	apparently , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can 't keep up with demands . 
0	apparently , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can 't celebrate up with postulate . 
0	apparently , t-mobile is intemperately back-logged and can 't continue up with demands . 
1	Speaking of battery, it's removable AND replaceable! 
1	Speaking of battery, it's obliterable AND replaceable! 
1	mouth of battery, it's removable AND replaceable! 
1	The router works fine for both wired and wireless.  
1	The router works fine for both cable and wireless.  
1	The router works fine for both wired and tuner.  
1	Finding all the albums, songs etc is much easier than you would think it would be even if you have 20 gig (well 18 gig) worth of music.
1	bump all the albums, Song etc is much easier than you would think it would be eve if you have 20 spear (wellspring 18 gig) worth of music.
1	discover all the album, songs etc is much well-to-do than you would cogitate it would be even if you have 20 gig (wellspring 18 gig) worth of music.
1	zennx 's replaceable battery was the deciding factor in my purchase of zennx over ipod . 
1	zennx 's replaceable battery was the resolve component in my purchase of zennx over iPod . 
1	zennx 's replaceable shelling was the deciding component in my purchase of zennx over iPod . 
0	 Technical support rude and unhelpful .
0	 Technical bear rude and unhelpful .
0	 Technical support unmannerly and unhelpful .
1	 This sleek looking monitor is absolutely awesome !!
1	 This sleek looking Monitor is absolutely awesome !!
1	 This sleek looking monitor is perfectly awesome !!
1	The first one lasted about 6 years of heavy use.
1	The first one lasted about vi years of leaden use.
1	The maiden one lasted about 6 years of heavy usance.
0	however the main reason i am not satisfied with this product is the fact that it will lock up at odd times . 
0	however the main argue i am not gratify with this product is the fact that it will interlock up at rum times . 
0	nevertheless the primary reason i am not quenched with this product is the fact that it will lock up at peculiar times . 
0	Gets stinky after a few months, the seal on the piston doesn't seal anymore.
0	sire stinky after a few months, the seal on the Piston doesn't seal anymore.
0	stimulate stinky after a few months, the sealskin on the piston doesn't seal anymore.
1	usb 2.0 - very fast 
1	usb 2.0 - very libertine 
1	usb deuce.0 - very fast 
1	Take quick pictures with excelent resolution
1	Take quick characterization with excelent resolution
1	exact quick pictures with excelent resolution
1	i decided to save the $ $ and opted for the zen xtra ... and i was not disappointed . 
1	i adjudicate to relieve the $ $ and opted for the superman xtra ... and i was not disappointed . 
1	i distinct to write the $ $ and opted for the dot xtra ... and i was not disappointed . 
0	i fully expect it to go bad again in the same or some other way in the next 6 months because , as other reviewers have pointed out , the construction is pretty flimsy . 
0	i fully anticipate it to turn speculative again in the same or some other way in the next six months because , as other reviewers have sharpen out , the construction is pretty onionskin . 
0	i fully expect it to perish unfit again in the same or some other means in the next six months because , as other reviewers have level out , the structure is pretty flimsy . 
1	+Battery life is awesome IF you upgrade the firmware [requires a windows pc] OR make sure to always plug the ac adapter into the player before plugging into the outlet +Awesome sound quality... I mean it is Creative right? 
1	+Battery life is awesome IF you upgrade the firmware [postulate a windows pc] OR seduce sure to always hype the ac adapter into the player before punch into the outlet +awful sound quality... one base it is Creative right? 
1	+Battery liveliness is awesome IF you upgrade the firmware [involve a windows pc] OR produce sure to ever chew the ac adapter into the player before plugging into the outlet +Awesome sound character... I mean it is Creative redress? 
1	i love this player and would probably go with creative labs again . 
1	i love this actor and would probably survive with creative labs again . 
1	i love this player and would belike cristal with creative labs again . 
1	The battery is also convenient, but could have been better, such as the Zen Touch's battery (but at least this one is removable).    
1	The barrage is also convenient, but could have been proficient, such as the dot Touch's battery (but at least this unity is removable).    
1	The battery is too convenient, but could have been adept, such as the acid Touch's battery (but at least this unity is removable).    
1	User Interface: The software is simple and straight forward. 
1	User Interface: The software is round-eyed and straight forward. 
1	User Interface: The software is simple and direct forward. 
0	 One caveat I have is that I understand the iPod does not save the photos in such a way that the quality of the image is preserved.
0	 one caveat I have is that single understand the iPod does not save the photos in such a mode that the quality of the prototype is continue.
0	 unity caveat I have is that I empathize the iPod does not save the photos in such a room that the lineament of the image is uphold.
1	It beats Apple on the storage space, it beats apple on the removable battery (and batter life), and I personally like its interface more than the Ipod scroll wheel.  
1	IT rhythm Apple on the storage space, it bunk apple on the removable battery (and batter life), and single personally like its interface more than the Ipod whorl wheel.  
1	It vanquish Apple on the store space, it thump apple on the removable battery (and batter aliveness), and I personally alike its interface more than the Ipod scroll wheel.  
1	 I am not to savy with a computer but the D-link is very easy to install and set up .
1	 I am not to savy with a calculator but the D-link is very well-off to install and Seth up .
1	 I am not to savy with a reckoner but the D-link is very leisurely to install and Set up .
0	in other words , the zen is not a convenient data storage device ; only buy the capacity you need for your music collection ( see point 1. for some sizing information ) . 
0	in other lyric , the acid is not a convenient data storage device ; only buy the capacity you pauperization for your music collection ( hear period 1. for some sizing information ) . 
0	in other word , the zen is not a convenient data storage gimmick ; only corrupt the capacity you penury for your music collection ( see channelise 1. for some sizing information ) . 
1	ORIGINAL REVIEW December 2004 I'm sorry to read about other people having problems with their Zen Micro, but mine has worked great! 
1	ORIGINAL REVIEW December 2004 I'm sorry to show about other people having problems with their Zen micro, but mine has go enceinte! 
1	ORIGINAL recapitulation December 2004 I'm good-for-naught to read about other people having trouble with their Zen Micro, but mine has worked slap-up! 
0	I then tried to set up the router through Linksys's browser interface, but as the only instructions available tell you to use the installation CD, I had little luck - I did manage to connect briefly, but the connection kept dropping, and with no idea of how to resolve THAT issue, I gave up.   
0	I then examine to do up the router through Linksys's browser interface, but as the only instructions available separate you to role the installation CD, I had little hazard - I did negociate to connect briefly, but the connection preserve dropping, and with no idea of how to resolution THAT outcome, iodine gave up.   
0	ace then tried to circle up the router through Linksys's browser interface, but as the only instructions available tell you to usage the installation 400, iodin had little luck - unity did do to connect briefly, but the connection kept dropping, and with no idea of how to dissolve THAT number, I present up.   
1	all in all this a great player that blows the i-pod away , with easy to use and understand features , software that is simple to understand and use , and a great sound ( which is all that matters in a mp3 player ) . 
1	all in all this a dandy player that blows the i-pod away , with easy to utilize and translate features , software that is dim-witted to understand and employment , and a great effectual ( which is all that issue in a mp3 actor ) . 
1	all in all this a large player that C the i-pod aside , with easy to use and understand features , package that is unproblematic to understand and use , and a bang-up fathom ( which is all that matter in a mp3 player ) . 
0	HOWEVER after just one month my headphone jack was BROKEN as a result of normal, every-day use.  
0	HOWEVER after just one month my headphone knave was give as a result of normal, every-day apply.  
0	nonetheless after just matchless month my headphone jack was erupt as a result of normal, every-day use.  
0	I find this feature on this phone useless, but, since I don't really need this function anyway, I don't really use it.
0	I rule this feature on this phone useless, but, since I don't really take this subroutine anyway, I don't really practice it.
0	iodine see this feature on this phone useless, but, since I don't rattling ask this function anyway, I don't really use it.
0	 Exasperated at 3 AM , I called it quits and will be sending this awful , deceptive product back .
0	 Exasperated at 3 AM , single called it foreswear and will be sending this atrocious , deceptive product back .
0	 Exasperated at tercet AM , I called it quits and will be ship this horrendous , deceptive product back .
1	overall : small , sounds great , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod ! 
1	overall : minor , sounds corking , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod ! 
1	overall : small , vocalize smashing , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod ! 
1	I'm not sure why all the bad reviews, my computer isn't especially slowed down and I have Win'98.
1	I'm not sure why all the bad recap, my reckoner isn't particularly slowed down and I have Win'98.
1	I'm not surely why all the bad revaluation, my computer isn't especially slowed down and iodin have Win'98.
1	other than that , this is a perfect phone for those of us with no patience for flips . 
1	other than that , this is a everlasting phone for those of USA with no patience for summersault . 
1	other than that , this is a utter phone for those of uracil with no patience for tack . 
0	the zoom goes up and down in magnification , which is nice , but there is always a display of the zoom size about one-quarter of the way down from the top of the screen that interferes with viewing at most settings . 
0	the whizz fail up and down in enlargement , which is nice , but there is e'er a presentation of the zoom size about one-quarter of the way down from the lead of the covert that interferes with catch at most settings . 
0	the zoom get up and down in overstatement , which is nice , but there is forever a expose of the zoom size about one-fourth of the way down from the height of the sort that interferes with consider at most settings . 
1	i am very pleased with the apex ad2600.it plays just about anything you put in the drawer . 
1	i am very delight with the apex ad2600.it encounter just about anything you frame in the drawer . 
1	i am very pleased with the acme ad2600.it dally just about anything you couch in the drawer . 
1	the other controls are all very easy to use . 
1	the other controls are all very slowly to use . 
1	the other ensure are all very easy to use . 
1	My experience with installation was quite good.  
1	My experience with initiation was quite good.  
1	My experience with installation was quite undecomposed.  
1	Luckly,with 3 rebates this product will cost me nothing! it is indeed worth nothing.
1	Luckly,with leash rebates this product will cost me null! it is indeed worth aught.
1	Luckly,with threesome rebates this product will cost me nothing! it is so worth zip.
0	up , down , left , and right would have given me better control . 
0	up , down , left , and right would have throw me better ascendancy . 
0	up , down , left , and ripe would have tending me better control . 
1	 This is a superb system and highly recommended .
1	 This is a superb organization and highly recommended .
1	 This is a superb system and highly advocate .
0	I tried it again this morning and it said I didn't have the required "permissions" and lacked proper administrator status.
0	I adjudicate it again this forenoon and it allege I didn't have the required "permissions" and lacked right administrator status.
0	I attempt it again this morning and it suppose iodin didn't have the required "permissions" and miss proper administrator status.
0	Its size makes holding it steady for long a bit of a challenge (not enough camera body to grip with more than your finger tips).
0	Its size nominate belongings it unwavering for farseeing a bit of a challenge (not enough camera trunk to grip with more than your finger tips).
0	Its size wee-wee make it unfluctuating for long a bit of a challenge (not enough camera body to transfix with more than your finger tap).
0	after two weeks the picture kept freezing . 
0	after two weeks the picture keep freezing . 
0	after two weeks the picture proceed freezing . 
0	the sound is not loud enough when i play back the video clips on the camera. 
0	the sound is not loud plenty when i represent back the video curtail on the camera. 
0	the strait is not loud enough when i fun back the video clipping on the camera. 
0	After research of other creative hard drive players, i found that most of them aren't very durable and tend to crash (read most reviews on amazon.com and see for yourself). 
0	After research of other creative concentrated repulse players, i constitute that most of them aren't very durable and tend to crash (record most recap on amazon.com and picture for yourself). 
0	After research of other creative hard push instrumentalist, i witness that most of them aren't very perdurable and tend to crash (register most reviews on amazon.com and learn for yourself). 
1	The container is hard to open, which is exactly what you want when your baby becomes a toddler, and you do have to flip the handle carefully (which has saved more than a few of her toys,too.) I don't consider these difficulties but features for the older baby.
1	The container is grueling to open, which is precisely what you want when your coddle becomes a toddler, and you do have to snotty-nosed the handle carefully (which has keep more than a few of her toys,too.) ane don't reckon these difficulties but features for the erstwhile cocker.
1	The container is gruelling to open, which is exactly what you privation when your mollycoddle become a tot, and you do have to leaf the handle carefully (which has saved more than a few of her toys,too.) I don't count these difficulties but features for the honest-to-god mollycoddle.
1	i 've had it for a week now , do n't regret the purchase one bit , and i never leave home without it . 
1	i 've had it for a week now , do n't regret the purchase unity sting , and i ne'er parting home without it . 
1	i 've had it for a week now , do n't repent the leverage unitary turn , and i never leave home without it . 
1	great video clip quality for a digital camera - so much better than my old one (Canon A60(?)...the 2.0 megapixel one). 
1	great video curtail calibre for a digital camera - so much improve than my old one (Canon A60(?)...the 2.cipher megapixel one). 
1	great video trot quality for a digital camera - so much advantageously than my old single (Canon A60(?)...the 2.0 megapixel unmatchable). 
1	most of them are already switched to apex and they are happy . 
1	most of them are already swop to apex and they are well-chosen . 
1	most of them are already tack to apex and they are felicitous . 
0	bookmarks for example , are an excellent feature ... but not on this player .. . 
0	bookmarks for lesson , are an excellent feature ... but not on this participant .. . 
0	bookmarks for model , are an splendid feature ... but not on this player .. . 
1	While it didn't have all the features I would have liked, it was better than anything else I could find at the time.
1	While it didn't have all the features iodin would have liked, it was sound than anything else one could find at the meter.
1	While it didn't have all the lineament I would have liked, it was just than anything else I could breakthrough at the meter.
1	I love this phone.
1	I love this call.
1	I love this earphone.
1	the dvd player is fine . 
1	the dvd instrumentalist is fine . 
1	the dvd thespian is fine . 
1	great camera . 
1	big camera . 
1	enceinte camera . 
1	the digital zoom takes as good of pictures , as the optical zoom does ! 
1	the digital zoom study as good of project , as the optical zoom does ! 
1	the digital zoom takes as skillful of painting , as the optical zoom does ! 
0	you can set the optical zoom before shooting and than while shooting video adjust a digital zoom in and out however due to the cameras light weight Camera shake is a problem to contend with. 
0	you can hardened the ocular zoom before dart and than while snap video adjust a digital zoom in and out however due to the cameras lightheaded angle Camera didder is a problem to contend with. 
0	you can position the optical zoom before buck and than while shooting video adjust a digital zoom in and out nonetheless due to the cameras wakeful slant Camera handshaking is a problem to compete with. 
1	It is far better than just a trash can or the Diaper Genie and it's fairly inexpensive as baby products go!
1	It is far comfortably than just a trash can or the Diaper Genie and it's pretty inexpensive as spoil products rifle!
1	It is far just than just a trash can or the Diaper genie and it's middling inexpensive as baby products blend!
0	i assumed they had exceptional service , but their reception in my area ( los angeles ) is horrendous . 
0	i assumed they had exceeding serving , but their reception in my area ( los angeles ) is horrific . 
0	i sham they had exceptional service , but their reception in my sphere ( los angeles ) is terrible . 
0	I replaced it with a Router Raizer and it works much better.
0	I replaced it with a Router Raizer and it bring much respectable.
0	I replaced it with a Router Raizer and it cultivate often better.
1	it is light enough to carry around all day without bother . 
1	it is light-headed enough to channel around all day without bother . 
1	it is perch enough to hold around all day without bother . 
0	the vibration is not top . 
0	the palpitation is not top . 
0	the vibration is not clear . 
0	 This model router has now failed me twice in the short span of time mentioned .
0	 This poser router has now failed me twice in the short span of metre refer .
0	 This posture router has now go me twice in the brusque span of time mentioned .
1	I got this phone yesterday and didn't find any problems with it yet.
1	I convey this call yesterday and didn't find any problems with it yet.
1	I vex this phone yesterday and didn't witness any problems with it yet.
0	the main problem with the nomad jukebox zen xtra 30 gb is the software . 
0	the briny problem with the nomad jukebox zen xtra thirty gb is the software . 
0	the principal problem with the nomad jukebox dose xtra 30 gb is the software . 
1	This model appears to be especially good.  
1	This model appears to be especially unspoiled.  
1	This model look to be especially good.  
1	 I still give the iPod five stars, though, as it could have been something I did incorrectly during the install (though I did follow the onscreen prompts) so I'll give Apple the benefit of the doubt.
1	 I tranquillize dedicate the iPod quintuplet headliner, though, as it could have been something I did incorrectly during the install (though I did follow the onscreen actuate) so I'll return Apple the benefit of the dubiety.
1	 unity lull return the iPod five stars, though, as it could have been something ane did incorrectly during the install (though ace did postdate the onscreen prompts) so I'll reach Apple the benefit of the doubt.
0	However, in my mind, $299 is a lot to pay for a device that will only last 18 MONTHS. 
0	However, in my intellect, $299 is a mountain to pay for a device that will only finally 18 MONTHS. 
0	However, in my listen, $299 is a Lot to pay for a device that will only final 18 MONTHS. 
0	only one disk played through to completion successfully . 
0	only one disk playact through to completion successfully . 
0	only single disk played through to completion successfully . 
1	It has a cardboard slip cover with a nice layered box casing inside.  
1	It has a cardboard slip extend with a nice layered package casing inside.  
1	It has a cardboard slip traverse with a courteous layered box casing inside.  
1	those used to 35mm cameras will find the g3 very comfortable and friendly to use . 
1	those employ to 35mm cameras will determine the g3 very comfortable and friendly to utilization . 
1	those use to 35mm cameras will rule the g3 very comfortable and friendly to consumption . 
0	If you experience problems with installation, you can visit symantec's website, click the support tab, click the 'home or home office support' and there is an automated support assistant that can scan the Norton program files on your computer and it will tell you what is not working right and how to fix it.
0	If you experience problems with installation, you can visit symantec's website, flick the hold tabloid, detent the 'house or home office support' and there is an automated backup assistant that can scan the Norton platform files on your computer and it will Tell you what is not forge veracious and how to fix it.
0	If you receive problem with installation, you can confabulate symantec's website, clink the support tabloid, click the 'home or interior office support' and there is an automated affirm assistant that can scan the Norton program files on your computer and it will secernate you what is not working rightfield and how to mending it.
1	that 's a rare and valuable feature . 
1	that 's a rare and valuable boast . 
1	that 's a rarified and valuable feature . 
1	No one has ever come to my house and noticed 'diaper odor.'
1	No one has ever come to my house and acknowledge 'diaper smell.'
1	No one has ever follow to my house and mark 'diaper odor.'
0	first , the player did not allow me to access the menus of dvds . 
0	initiative , the player did not provide me to access the menus of dvds . 
0	initiatory , the player did not allow me to access the carte of dvds . 
1	not counting the time i spent editing the songs ( i suppose i should 've done it anyway on my pc ) the transfer was pretty painless . 
1	not consider the clock i spent editing the songs ( i theorise i should 've dress it anyway on my pc ) the transportation was pretty painless . 
1	not consider the time i fagged editing the Song ( i suppose i should 've done it anyway on my pc ) the remove was moderately painless . 
1	This product is way cooler than anything Ive used before (PcCillins and McCafees and Norton Antivirus alone).
1	This product is direction cooler than anything Ive utilise before (PcCillins and McCafees and Norton Antivirus solo).
1	This production is direction cooler than anything Ive used before (PcCillins and McCafees and Norton Antivirus unequaled).
1	I also like the lock feature, so it makes the touch pad inactive.   
1	I also like the lock feature, so it makes the meet pad nonoperational.   
1	I also like the lock feature, so it makes the speck footslog inactive.   
1	I also love that you can flip the device with one hand...
1	I also enjoy that you can flip the device with 1 hand...
1	i also love that you can throw the device with one hand...
0	The only problem is that occasionally the joystick does start to dig into your thumb while gaming.
0	The only job is that occasionally the joystick does part to dig into your thumb while gage.
0	The only problem is that occasionally the joystick does starting to dig into your riff while stake.
0	Unfortunately I was wrong.  
0	Unfortunately I was damage.  
0	Unfortunately I was wrongfulness.  
0	As I wrote, this COULD have been a great product, but expect hidden charges (read gross profiteering and price gouging) as the company royally sticks you on every conceivable accessory necessary for normal daily usage.     
0	A I wrote, this COULD have been a peachy product, but expect hidden charges (read perfect profiteering and price gouging) as the company royally sticks you on every conceivable ancillary requisite for pattern daily utilization.     
0	As ace wrote, this COULD have been a bang-up product, but carry hidden complaint (study gross profiteering and Price gouging) as the company royally sticks you on every conceivable accessory necessity for normal daily usage.     
0	and the case , how did this ever make it out of quality control . 
0	and the shell , how did this ever build it out of quality control . 
0	and the shell , how did this ever draw it out of quality control . 
0	this player is an overall disappointment with a couple of big flaws that potential buyers should be wary of ; and all readers need to know about a third party software company that resolves virtually all of the creative mediasource file transfer issues . 
0	this player is an overall disappointment with a couple of braggart flaws that potency buyers should be leery of ; and all lecturer ask to recognise about a third party software company that decide virtually all of the creative mediasource file transfer offspring . 
0	this player is an overall disappointment with a duet of boastfully flaws that potentiality buyer should be wary of ; and all readers need to know about a third party software company that conclude well-nigh all of the creative mediasource file channel outlet . 
1	software is easy to use ( although redhat software is better , but costs money ) 
1	software is easy to manipulation ( although redhat software is best , but costs money ) 
1	software is easy to practice ( although redhat software is intimately , but costs money ) 
1	It's rechargable and supposedly easy to replace though I haven't had to do it yet of course. 
1	It's rechargable and supposedly easy to replace though 1 haven't had to do it withal of flow. 
1	It's rechargable and supposedly well-situated to replace though I haven't had to do it even of trend. 
0	 The speakers are very small and can not handle loud volume gracefully as voice coils top and bottom out , they clip the audio .
0	 The speakers are very small and can not deal loud volume gracefully as voice coils crest and bottomland out , they trim the audio .
0	 The speakers are very small and can not palm loud volume gracefully as vocalization coils elevation and penetrate out , they clip the audio .
1	the buttons and interface are very easy to use . 
1	the buttons and interface are very easily to use . 
1	the buttons and interface are very easy to utilisation . 
0	 I wanted the product to work soo bad , but it just did n't .
0	 I desire the product to play soo bad , but it just did n't .
0	 I wanted the product to play soo tough , but it just did n't .
0	when we tried to hook up the first one , it was broken - the motor would not eject discs or close the door . 
0	when we adjudicate to cop up the first unrivalled , it was wear - the motor would not eject discs or close the door . 
0	when we stress to hook up the first one , it was collapse - the motor would not expel discs or close the doorway . 
0	I read many reviews on Norton I.S. 2004 from a variety of sources (Cnet, Amazon, message boards) and came to the conclusion that NIS 04 was a terrible product and not worth the update.
0	I scan many retrospect on Norton 1.S. 2004 from a multifariousness of sources (Cnet, Amazon, message boards) and fall to the finis that NIS 04 was a severe product and not worth the update.
0	ane read many reappraisal on Norton single.S. 2004 from a miscellany of informant (Cnet, Amazon, message gameboard) and came to the determination that NIS 04 was a terrible product and not worth the update.
1	I purchased this camera before it went on sale, and while I wouldn't have minded keeping the extra $$$, it was definitely worth it.
1	I purchased this camera before it endure on sale, and while I wouldn't have minded observe the supererogatory $$$, it was unquestionably worth it.
1	unity purchased this camera before it conk on sale, and while I wouldn't have beware retain the extra $$$, it was definitely worth it.
1	 and the sound well there is no complaints about that .
1	 and the legal considerably there is no complaints about that .
1	 and the strait easily there is no complaints about that .
1	Other than that it meets or surpasses all of my needs and surely won't disappoint any already established Nokia phone fans.
1	Other than that it encounter or pass all of my needs and surely won't disappoint any already make Nokia earpiece fans.
1	Other than that it meets or transcend all of my motive and surely won't disappoint any already give Nokia ring fans.
1	the " scene " mode works well for the remainder of shots that are not going to be in a " regular " setting . 
1	the " scene " mode workplace well for the residuum of shots that are not decease to be in a " regular " specify . 
1	the " shot " mode works well for the remainder of shots that are not passing to be in a " fixture " plant . 
0	so , i 've had it for a month , and the headphone jack went out . 
0	so , i 've had it for a month , and the earphone jack live out . 
0	so , i 've had it for a month , and the headphone Jack-tar fit out . 
1	 Great color display , sharp picture , and just the right size for my desk .
1	 Great color display , shrill picture , and just the justly size for my desk .
1	 capital color display , sharp scene , and just the right size for my desk .
1	the build quality feels solid , it does n't shake or whine while playing discs , and the picture and sound is top notch ( both dts and dd5.1 sound good ) . 
1	the build quality feels strong , it does n't shake or whine while playing discs , and the depict and go is top pass ( both dts and dd5.1 vocalize good ) . 
1	the progress quality flavour solid , it does n't shake or whine while playing discs , and the picture and sound is height notch ( both dts and dd5.1 heavy respectable ) . 
1	This router acts as a wireless access point, 100 MB switch and a router making it a nice multipurpose device.  
1	This router acts as a wireless access charge, C MB switch and a router form it a Nice multipurpose device.  
1	This router enactment as a wireless access gunpoint, 100 MB flip and a router making it a courteous multipurpose device.  
1	1. It uses regular garbage bags instead of brand refills.
1	1. It practice habitue garbage bags instead of brand refills.
1	1. It uses regular garbage bag instead of stain refills.
0	It wouldn't always work seemlessly with WMP and it often required me to restart the frozen micro by taking out the battery and restarting it. 
0	It wouldn't forever lick seemlessly with WMP and it often require me to restart the fixed micro by guide out the battery and restarting it. 
0	It wouldn't incessantly run seemlessly with WMP and it often ask me to restart the stock-still micro by drive out the battery and restarting it. 
1	I did like the heft of the machine.
1	I did like the heave of the machine.
1	ace did like the heft of the machine.
0	However, it is much bigger, bulkier, and heavier than my other router and I would not like to use it freehand (I keep it mounted in a table).
0	nonetheless, it is much bigger, bulkier, and dense than my other router and I would not like to utilization it freehand (iodine save it mounted in a table).
0	yet, it is much grown, bulkier, and heavy than my other router and I would not like to practice it freehand (I keep it mounted in a board).
0	- no option for caller-id pictures or individualized ringtones . 
0	- no option for caller-id icon or individualized ringtones . 
0	- no option for caller-id pictures or individualised ringtones . 
1	Also, the touchpad seems to be waterproof to some degree.  
1	Also, the touchpad seems to be rainproof to some arcdegree.  
1	besides, the touchpad seems to be waterproof to some level.  
1	There is no odor and it is very easy to use.
1	There is no odor and it is very easygoing to role.
1	There is no odor and it is very soft to usance.
0	we 've purchased 3 universal remotes so far-all claiming to work " apex " dvd players and none worked . 
0	we 've buy 3 universal remotes so far-all claiming to employment " apex " dvd players and none form . 
0	we 've purchased 3 cosmopolitan remotes so far-all claiming to turn " apex " dvd players and none exercise . 
1	 Installation was easy as advertised .
1	 Installation was easily as advertised .
1	 facility was easy as advertised .
0	 What I do n't like is that at lower volume music listening , tonal qualities are very poor .
0	 What I do n't like is that at small volume music listening , tonal timbre are very wretched .
0	 What iodine do n't like is that at scurvy volume music listening , tonal qualities are very pathetic .
0	 Their products are super expensive , especially to get them fixed .
0	 Their products are super expensive , especially to stimulate them set .
0	 Their products are super expensive , particularly to arrest them fixed .
1	my favorite thing about the nomad is the eax feature . 
1	my favourite matter about the nomad is the eax feature . 
1	my preferent thing about the nomad is the eax characteristic . 
0	The other pail I used started to smell after 2 weeks of use.
0	The other pail I put-upon started to smell after 2 weeks of habituate.
0	The other pail one used started to smell after 2 weeks of employ.
1	By far this seems to be the best value out there for the money; if you are undecided, the Creative Zen Micro seems to be the best choice.     
1	By ALIR this seems to be the advantageously measure out there for the money; if you are undecided, the Creative acid Micro seems to be the advantageously choice.     
1	By ALIR this seems to be the ripe valuate out there for the money; if you are undecided, the Creative battery-acid Micro seems to be the full choice.     
1	it did play a dvd-r which was unplayable in my older philips machine . 
1	it did bring a dvd-r which was unplayable in my older Philip machine . 
1	it did encounter a dvd-r which was unplayable in my onetime philips machine . 
1	it is the most bang-for-the-buck out there . 
1	it is the most bang-for-the-buck out there . 
0	as an engineer , i am embarrassed for the engineering profession when such crap is released for sale . 
0	as an mastermind , i am embarrassed for the engineering professing when such crap is turn for sale . 
0	as an technologist , i am embarrassed for the mastermind profession when such crap is exhaust for sale . 
0	the front cover ( which you remove to take out the battery ) feels flimsy but when snapped on , the device still feels pretty solid . 
0	the front cover ( which you remove to return out the battery ) spirit flimsy but when snapped on , the device ease smell pretty solid . 
0	the front cover ( which you slay to hire out the shelling ) feels flimsy but when snapped on , the device still feels pretty self-colored . 
0	But it wouldn't let me turn the AV protection back on and it wouldn't stop with the alerts.
0	But it wouldn't Lashkar-e-Taiba me deform the AV protection back on and it wouldn't hitch with the alerts.
0	But it wouldn't get me grow the AV protection rearward on and it wouldn't stop with the alerts.
0	I have overall been disappointed with Nokia in the past, finding that Samsung and Motorola tended to have better quality phones.
0	I have overall been disappoint with Nokia in the past, incur that Samsung and Motorola tended to have right quality earphone.
0	iodin have overall been disappointed with Nokia in the past, receive that Samsung and Motorola tended to have comfortably quality phone.
0	Screen review could be better.  
0	Screen review could be unspoilt.  
0	screenland review could be better.  
1	it does have a lense cap , but it wo n't let you take pics with it on which is real good . 
1	it does have a lense cap , but it wo n't Lashkar-e-Taiba you consume pics with it on which is very adept . 
1	it does have a lense cap , but it wo n't Lashkar-e-Tayyiba you train pics with it on which is existent secure . 
0	i try navigating to a chapter past 34 via the menu and it would n't do it ! 
0	i strain sail to a chapter past 34 via the card and it would n't do it ! 
0	i stress pilot to a chapter past thirty-four via the menu and it would n't do it ! 
1	 Easy to use with clear instructions contained in the install drive .
1	 Easy to usance with clearly instructions contained in the install drive .
1	 Easy to use with clean-cut instructions contained in the install get .
1	sound settings can be adjusted for personal preference . 
1	sound context can be adjusted for personal preference . 
1	sound settings can be set for personal preference . 
0	  This was obviously a conspiracy as it is FREAKIN' EASY to manufacture a device with replaceable batteries!!
0	  This was obviously a cabal as it is FREAKIN' gentle to manufacture a device with replaceable shelling!!
0	  This was obviously a confederacy as it is FREAKIN' easygoing to invent a device with replaceable batteries!!
0	2 ) scroll button / switch 
0	2 ) scroll button / alternate 
0	2 ) scroll button / replacement 
0	 The backlight will periodically fail , the first time it happened I sent it in for warranty repair .
0	 The backlight will periodically fail , the outset metre it happened I sent it in for warranty vivify .
0	 The backlight will periodically neglect , the first time it chance I commit it in for warranty repair .
0	 I spent 4 hours on that and I could n't connect to the internet .
0	 I spent IV hours on that and I could n't relate to the internet .
0	 I washed-out IV hours on that and I could n't connect to the internet .
1	seriously , this thing has everything that a pro or expert amateur could want . 
1	earnestly , this thing has everything that a pro or technical amateur could want . 
1	seriously , this thing has everything that a pro or expert unskilled could wishing . 
1	also , you can store data on it , which is a plus. for all you people who want to buy an ipod just to say you have an ipod , do n't bother , this is a much better buy . 
1	also , you can memory data on it , which is a plus. for all you masses who want to buy an iPod just to suppose you have an ipod , do n't infliction , this is a much dear bribe . 
1	besides , you can store data on it , which is a plus. for all you people who lack to corrupt an ipod just to say you have an ipod , do n't discommode , this is a often dependable bargain . 
0	 Avoid this model like the plague .
0	 Avoid this framework like the plague .
0	 Avoid this model wish the plague .
0	The viewfinder does not accurately represent the pucture being taken.
0	The viewfinder does not accurately constitute the pucture being drive.
0	The viewfinder does not accurately defend the pucture being have.
1	 It has a USB port -- so you can plug in a USB-powered drive and have network-accessible storage .
1	 It has a USB port -- so you can jade in a USB-powered parkway and have network-accessible store .
1	 It has a USB porthole -- so you can stopper in a USB-powered repel and have network-accessible storage .
0	I dont use the belt clip cuz it fails to hold the player securely (design problem). 
0	1 dont manipulation the belt nip cuz it fails to hold the player securely (design problem). 
0	one dont use the bash clip cuz it fails to admit the player securely (design problem). 
0	granted , i have only used this dvd player for about 2 hours setting it up for my mom for christmas , but that was long enough for me to find problems with this dvd player . 
0	grant , i have only secondhand this dvd player for about ii hours prepare it up for my mom for christmas , but that was long decent for me to regain problems with this dvd player . 
0	grant , i have only used this dvd participant for about 2 hours context it up for my mom for Yuletide , but that was recollective enough for me to see problems with this dvd player . 
1	The new Canon s300 is 33% larger and 26% heavier than the S100.
1	The fresh Canon s300 is 33% larger and 26% toilsome than the S100.
1	The newfangled Canon s300 is 33% larger and 26% overweight than the S100.
1	 I spent 1.5 hours on the phone with their Tech Support -LRB- you get connected right away and do n't have to wait -RRB- and got at least my iMac and MacBook back online .
1	 I spent 1.5 minute on the phone with their Tech keep -LRB- you arrive join rectify away and do n't have to wait -RRB- and commence at least my iMac and MacBook punt online .
1	 i spent 1.5 hour on the phone with their Tech Support -LRB- you start connected rectify away and do n't have to delay -RRB- and drive at least my iMac and MacBook backwards online .
0	Opening the Champ to empty out the bag is a little tricky- I pinched my thumb a few times before I got the hang of it.
0	Opening the Champ to empty out the grip is a petty tricky- one pinch my thumb a few times before I take the hang of it.
0	Opening the Champ to empty-bellied out the purse is a little tricky- iodin adenoidal my thumb a few times before I start the hang of it.
1	i 'm giving this player cautious recommendation . 
1	i 'm openhanded this player cautious recommendation . 
1	i 'm pass this player cautious recommendation . 
1	Anyhow, this software is working fine and no problems since I installed it two weeks ago.
1	Anyhow, this software is go okay and no problems since 1 installed it two weeks ago.
1	Anyhow, this software is running mulct and no problems since I installed it ii weeks ago.
